===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-05 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Henry Schein's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the -- introduce your host for today's call, Graham Stanley, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Financial Project Officer. Please go ahead, Graham.
Graham Stanley: Thank you, operator, and thanks to each of you for joining us today to discuss Henry Schein's financial results for the first quarter of 2025. With me on today's call is Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Ron South, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information as forward-looking. Risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements, and the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and included in the risk factors section of those filings. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. Today's remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures are included in Exhibit B of today's press release and can be found in the Financials and Filings section of our Investor Relations website under the Supplemental Information heading and in our quarterly earnings presentation also posted on our Investor Relations website. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, May 5, 2025. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Lastly, during today's Q&A session, please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Graham. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Let me begin by saying that we are pleased with our first quarter financial results as well as the momentum we are seeing heading into the second quarter and remain confident in the fundamentals of our business. After a rather slow January, which was a result of weather-related events, February and March sales performance was good and within our full year guidance range. As reported, sales growth was significantly impacted by a strong US dollar. And I would like to remind everyone that last year's US equipment business was impacted by a deferral of sales from the fourth quarter of '23 into the first quarter of 2024, making for a difficult year-over-year comparison. Once we adjust for the effect of the strong dollar as well as PPE and COVID test kit sales, our sales growth was approximately 2%, with sales growth accelerating throughout the quarter. We are advancing our BOLD+1 Strategic Plan, which has been refreshed for '25 to '27, with the team focused on growing the distribution business through increasing operational efficiency and enhancing customer experience, growing our dental and medical specialty businesses and corporate brand products and further developing our digital footprint and digital solutions. We do remain committed to our long-term financial goal of high single-digit to low double-digit earnings growth by continuing to successfully execute against the strategy. Our last earnings call -- during the call, we announced the establishment of two main Henry Schein business units, the global distribution and Value-Added Service group and the Global Technology group, which is led by Andrea Albertini and the Global Specialty Products group, which is led by Tom Popeck. This past quarter, we began to operate the company through these new business groups and are pleased with the leadership and the performance of both of these business groups. So, here are some highlights from the first quarter with respect to advancing the BOLD+1 strategy. Continue to launch several new products and solutions in our specialty products and technology businesses. We've broadened our Home Solutions platform with the acquisition of Acentus, a US national distributor of continuous glucose monitors to the home. We expanded the sales of specialty products through our distribution businesses, those are the specialty products that are now being sold through the Henry Schein distribution sales organization. We continue to implement restructuring initiatives to right size expenses in our distribution businesses, corporate functions and to consolidate manufacturing facilities. And yes, the Global eCommerce Platform, GEP, in the UK and Ireland is now fully operational, and we are on track to begin a phased launch in North America during the third quarter of this year. After exceeding our strategic goal of achieving 40% of our operating income from high-growth, high-margin businesses in 2024, we expect operating income from high-growth, high-margin businesses to continue to grow steadily. We now expect these businesses to contribute over half of our total operating income by the end of our strategic planning cycle of 2027. These businesses include specialty products, value-added services and technology. Additionally, operating income in excess of 10% of our total operating income is attributable to our corporate brand products. Turning now to a review of our key businesses. We'll start with the Global Distribution and Value-Added Services group. During the quarter, we believe the US and international dental merchandise and equipment markets as well as the US medical market were overall stable and that we gained market share. Sales growth in our core dental and medical distribution businesses did accelerate following a slow start in January, which, as I noted, was primarily the result of weather-related events and our growth in March was within our full year guidance range of 2% to 4%. US dental merchandise sales grew low single-digits with excluding sales of PPE. Product pricing was overall in line with last year, and our sales growth, therefore, reflected volume growth. We also recently implemented a new commission plan that we expect will drive sales and profitability growth. The US dental equipment sales growth was impacted by a deferral of sales from the fourth quarter of '23 into the first quarter of 2024. So, moving from the fourth quarter of '23 into the first quarter of '24, making for a difficult year-over-year comparison. We do see consistent demand for both traditional and digital equipment as practitioners continue to invest in their practices. We are also seeing the number of new practice build-outs increasing. Our US medical business growth -- sales growth was solid for the quarter, reflecting increased patient traffic to physician offices for respiratory illness, a strong performance by our home solutions business and some acquisition growth. International dental merchandise sales was strong in Canada, Central Europe and Brazil, offset by softness in France. Similar to the rest of the company, sales accelerated throughout the quarter. I would like to stress that we're reviewing our international sales that investors take into account the swings in foreign exchange. International dental equipment sales grew well in Canada and across most of Europe. The focus of new product launches at this year's IDS, International Dental Show, in Cologne included 3D printers and intraoral scanners to help improve dental office workflows and we expect our sales to benefit in future quarters from orders taken at the show. Again, foreign exchange did impact our sales results in US dollars. On the value-added services sales side, the sales decreased in the quarter one as a result of lower sales in our practice transitions business. Sales in this business can fluctuate from quarter to quarter. However, there is a strong pipeline of active transactions that we expect to close throughout the remainder of the year. Now, on the Global Specialty Products side, the Global Specialty Products group includes, of course, implants and biomaterials as well as endodontics, orthodontics and orthopedic products. Sales in the first quarter reflected continued growth in implant and biomaterials and some acquisition growth. Sales of implants grew mid-single-digits in constant currency, again, big swings in foreign exchange here with strong sales growth in the DACH region, as well as in Latin America, driven by both our premium brand BioHorizons' Camlog as well as S.I.N. value brand. We estimate that the US domestic market for dental implants was slightly down in the quarter. Our US sales were in line with market growth and reflect continued rollout of the BioHorizons' Tapered Pro Conical implant and SmartShape Healers abutment as well as growing sales of the S.I.N. implants in the United States. Overall, in the markets we serve, we believe we continued to gain market share this quarter, and that's for implants and biomaterials. We continue to launch new internally developed products in our endodontics business and are pleased with our underlying growth. While orthodontics remains a small component of our specialty business product, sales were down year-over-year as we continue working to restructure this business. Finally, our orthopedic products generated solid first quarter sales growth in high single-digits. Let me conclude my prepared remarks with a discussion on the Global Technology Group. We had rather strong growth in practice management systems, including Dentrix Ascend and Dentally cloud-based solutions as well as in revenue cycle management products. These were partially offset by lower sales of certain legacy products that we are sunsetting. The consolidation of these products is having a short-term impact on this segment's sales growth, but has enabled us to reduce operating costs and achieve strong operating income growth, while positioning the software portfolio for better customer experience going forward. Practice management software growth was driven by a 20% increase in cloud-based customers, and we now have 9,500 customers subscribed to Dentrix Ascend and Dentally and are making good progress in advancing these cloud-based systems into DSOs. We also continue to enhance the functionality of our practice management software with a new dental imaging subscription plan that automatically attaches images directly to insurance claims for faster payments. Yeah. So here are some comments on the tariffs. Let me conclude my remarks with these comments. Several years ago, we began diversifying and moving the sourcing of corporate brand products to what we anticipated to be lower tariff countries. In addition, most of our specialty products are manufactured in their local markets. We have been working closely with our suppliers and customers to address the impact of current tariffs. For our more price-sensitive customers, we'll continue to offer corporate brand alternatives. We believe our current and future actions with our suppliers and customers will be effective at mitigating this year's impact on our financial results from the current tariff situations. We are monitoring the situation carefully as, of course, we cannot predict where tariffs will change again. Of course, tariff changes are -- have been quite volatile. And nor can we comment or anticipate if they will have a significant impact on the macroeconomic conditions. So, let me now turn the call over to Ron to review our first quarter financial results and discuss our 2025 guidance and financial guidance. Ron, please?
Ron South: Thank you, Stanley, and good morning, everyone. As usual, today, I will review the financial highlights for the quarter and would like to remind investors that on our Investor Relations website, we have also included a financial presentation containing additional detailed financial information. Starting with our first quarter sales results, I will provide details on total sales, total sales growth as well as constant currency sales growth compared with the prior year. Global sales were $3.2 billion, with sales down 0.1% compared with the first quarter of 2024. Sales growth reflected a 1.5% decrease attributable to foreign currency exchange and a 1.2% growth from acquisitions. As Stanley mentioned, excluding the impact of PPE and COVID test kits, constant currency sales growth was 2.0%. Our GAAP operating margin for the first quarter of 2025 was 5.53%, an 81 basis point improvement compared with the prior year GAAP operating margin. On a non-GAAP basis, operating margin for the first quarter was 7.25%, a 14 basis point improvement compared with the prior year non-GAAP operating margin, driven by lower operating expenses resulting from our restructuring program. First quarter 2025 GAAP net income was $110 million or $0.88 per diluted share. This compares with prior year GAAP net income of $93 million or $0.72 per diluted share. First quarter 2025 non-GAAP net income was $143 million or $1.15 per diluted share. This compares with prior year non-GAAP net income of $143 million or $1.10 per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter of 2025 was $259 million compared with first quarter 2024 adjusted EBITDA of $255 million. Turning to our sales results. The components of sales growth for the first quarter are included in Exhibit A to this morning's earnings release. So I will provide the primary highlights of the main sales drivers for each reporting segment, starting with our global distribution and value-added services group. The global distribution and value-added services group benefited from acquisition growth of 0.9%, mainly from the acquisition of Acentus, our most recent acquisition in the home solutions space. Constant currency sales, including acquisition growth, grew by 1.5% after excluding PPE and COVID test kits. US dental merchandise sales grew 0.7% when excluding PPE products, and US dental equipment sales declined 8.9%. Our sales growth was impacted by a deferral of approximately $20 million in equipment sales from the fourth quarter of 2023 into the first quarter of 2024, making for a difficult year-over-year comparison. Adjusting for this, US dental equipment sales growth was flat versus the prior year. Regarding US medical distribution, after excluding sales of PPE products and COVID test kits, sales grew by 4.7%. Our home solutions business had another strong quarter with total sales growth of 23%, including 9% internal growth. International dental merchandise constant currency sales grew 1.1%. PPE products did not have a meaningful impact on our international dental merchandise sales growth. International dental equipment constant currency sales grew 4.3%, driven by strong growth in Canada and solid growth across Central Europe. Finally, global value-added services sales growth was impacted by the timing of transactions within our practice transitions business. Turning to the Global Specialty Products Group. Constant currency sales growth was 4.3%, benefiting from acquisition growth of 4.0%, primarily attributable to TriMed, the orthopedics products business we acquired last year. Beginning in the second quarter, this business will be part of internal sales as our TriMed acquisition annualized in April. In addition, our implant and biomaterial business experienced good growth in the first quarter, especially in the DACH region of Europe, where sales increased high single-digits. The Global Specialty Products Group also includes the endodontic business, which had slightly negative growth this quarter as a result of a supply chain issue with our EdgePRO laser product, which has now been resolved, as well as the orthodontic business, which has negative sales growth and as I mentioned last quarter, is being reorganized to support future profitable growth. Regarding the Global Technology Group, while total sales growth was 2.9%, operating income grew 24% versus the prior year, reflecting strong expense management. Restructuring expenses in the first quarter were $25 million or $0.14 per diluted share. These expenses mainly related to severance benefits. We now believe we will achieve annual run rate savings at the high end of our $75 million to $100 million goal by the end of 2025. Our first quarter GAAP results include $20 million in pretax proceeds as part of our cyber insurance claim, which are excluded from our non-GAAP results. We have now received all of the proceeds from this claim, which totaled approximately $60 million over the course of 2024 and the first quarter of this year. Regarding share repurchases. We repurchased approximately 2.3 million shares of common stock during the first quarter at an average price of $71.58 per share for a total of $161 million. At quarter end, we had approximately $718 million authorized and available for future stock repurchases. Turning to our cash flow. We generated operating cash flow of $37 million in the first quarter of 2025. The first quarter typically has a lower cash flow than other quarters in the year, and we still expect operating cash flow to exceed net income for the full year. Let me conclude my remarks with a discussion of financial guidance. At this time, we are not able to provide without unreasonable effort, an estimate of restructuring costs associated with the restructuring plan for 2025. Therefore, we are not providing GAAP guidance. Our 2025 guidance is for continuing -- for current continuing operations as well as acquisitions that have closed and does not include the impact of restructuring and integration expenses and other items detailed in our press release. Regarding tariffs, as Stanley said, we believe our current and future actions with our suppliers and customers will be effective at mitigating this year's impact on our financial results from the current tariff situation. We have the widest selection of alternative products, including corporate brand products. Given the ongoing uncertainty, we continue to monitor the tariff situation closely, and we will provide updates to our guidance as appropriate. So, today, we are maintaining our 2025 financial guidance. As a reminder, our 2025 guidance is as follows. We expect non-GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. to be in the range of $4.80 to $4.94. And that it is expected to be more heavily weighted to the second half of the year. 2025 adjusted EBITDA is expected to grow in the mid-single-digits versus 2024 adjusted EBITDA of $1.1 billion. 2025 total sales growth is expected to be 2% to 4% over 2024. Our 2025 guidance also assumes an estimated non-GAAP effective tax rate of 25% and that foreign currency exchange rates remain generally consistent with current levels. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Ron. Operator, do we have some questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Block: Great. Thanks, guys. Good morning. Ron, I guess I'll just start at a high level. Can you talk about the dollar? I'm just guessing it's a decent tailwind to the initial reported revenue guidance of 2% to 4% year-over-year. Is there a figure or a metric to provide? And then similarly, how do we think about that when it flows down to the bottom-line, I'm guessing somewhat accretive there, but any specifics would be appreciated. And then I'll just ask a follow-up.
Ron South: Well, for the first quarter, Jon, we did have a headwind versus prior year of about 1.5% from foreign exchange. What we've seen happen in the rate since then would suggest that we should be fairly neutral versus prior year, more or less, as you can appreciate, very difficult to project the foreign exchange rates right now. So, our sales guidance takes that into consideration at this point in time. So we're not expecting any further significant variance and impact on growth going forward when looking at the foreign exchange rates versus last year. But we did have a significant headwind in the first quarter, primarily driven by the euro. Our biggest exposure, foreign exchange wise, is to the euro and it’s primarily driven by the euro.
Jon Block: Okay. I mean, I guess just a follow-up sort of clarity question there. I get 1Q, but obviously the dollar weakened meaningfully in March. And most companies with 35%, 40%, 45% international sales are saying that it was -- aided the reported revenue guidance by 100 to 200 bps when we think about full year. So, I'm sorry, I was sort of asking more, when we think about the original guidance you gave of 2% to 4%, is there a way to quantify dollar on top and bottom line? And I don't know if there's a follow-up, but color there. But just to pivot, Stanley, for the second question, would love more color on sort of the environment you called out? I know you said February and March improved, maybe that wasn't surprising, but the ongoing momentum that you cited in the PR implies April and that would be, call it, despite liberation day volatility that we've seen in the markets and what that may or may not mean for dental. So, would just love any clarity or color you're able to provide on what you're currently seeing and most specifically to April? Thanks, guys.
Stanley Bergman: So, I think that's, again, a very good question. I can address what we're seeing now. Of course, we can't address future sentiment, what the consumer is going to be thinking going forward. But April was, again, a pretty decent month. Overall, we believe traffic for our dental distribution businesses continues to be stable globally. In the US specifically, dental merchandise seems stable. We didn't see much price adjustments this year, at the beginning of the year. I'm sure that'll start coming through, of course, because of tariffs. And we saw some modest growth in volume. Our medical sales reflect increased patient traffic to reflect an increase in traffic to patient offices for respiratory illness. So, if you look at the dental and medical markets in the US, they're pretty stable right now. We just had our THRIVE customer meeting. It was well attended. I would say there were more practices than in the past with fewer attendance per practice, which means dentists are watching expenses, but the mood was pretty good, and the sales were okay. Attended the DSO -- leading DSO meeting on Saturday and the mood was okay. We are seeing on the equipment side, some build-outs, new practices, build-outs, existing practices, build-outs. So I would say there's strong evidence that the market in the US is stable. Likewise, in Canada, of course, when you go into Europe, it's very much dependent on the market per se. Australia was a little bit cautionary given the election period. But overall, Brazil is -- it's stable. And so I think overall, the mood is okay, but this could change in a moment's notice if the macro environments change. So I can give you more specifics if anyone has a request on the implant side, but that's sort of a general mood.
Jon Block: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Bednar: Thanks and good morning, everyone. Maybe I'll start with a quick follow-up, maybe to Jon Block's question. Ron, are there any adjustments to the inputs into your guidance that you're making today, even though the output isn't changing? And then I want to clarify on the tariff comments today. I think you said you're confident in mitigating this year's impact. Is that an acknowledgment that there will be direct impacts on your business from tariffs? Or is the mitigation content more related to how you expect to navigate price adjustments from suppliers?
Ron South: I'll start with the first part of your question. So, I mean, regarding our guidance, and I'm assuming, Jason, that you're referencing sales guidance and then from that, the other outputs, whether it be EPS, EBITDA, et cetera. But our sales guidance assume most of our sales growth is expected to be internally generated. With exchange rates where they are right now and taking into consideration the first quarter headwinds we had, we now expect foreign exchange to be largely neutral to the balance of the year. And so that's the 2% to 4% that we are expecting. Acquisition growth is expected to provide less than 1 point of growth for us this year. So it's -- our sales growth is largely internally generated. With reference to the tariffs, when we say mitigate, we're really talking about mitigating financial impact. So, we're -- we've walked through several different scenarios internally in terms of what could happen from a tariff perspective. But we -- as Stanley mentioned before, we began diversifying and moving the sourcing of corporate brand products to lower tariff countries. We're in a unique situation where we are the importer of record for some products for those products that we manufacture, for some products that we are selling under our private label, our corporate brands. But then we also buy a lot of -- as you're aware, by a lot of products from third parties where we're not the importer of record. So, we have plans in place, and we're working very closely with our suppliers as well as with our customers to come up with various means of mitigating any kind of impact from the tariffs. And we believe, based on what we know today, that we can mitigate those effects. Now what we have to kind of wait and see is what kind of potential price increases will we get from our branded suppliers. But I think they've even indicated in some public remarks that they're doing their best to not pass along those price increases. So, the answer to your question is our -- by maintaining our guidance, what we're saying is that we believe there could be some effectiveness, but we can mitigate the ultimate financial effect of it.
Jason Bednar: All right. That's very helpful. And then for a follow-up, Stanley, you've seen a lot of different macro situations in your career, and fluctuations in the economy and/or the dental market. How does tariff uncertainty from the past couple of months back up? And even if you're not seeing foot traffic changes in the office, I think a lot of us are anticipating that maybe that happens at some point. But right now, consumers don't seem to be changing? And what about dentists behavior because dentists oftentimes our consumers themselves. And we've seen the ADA data around dentist sentiment tick lower here alongside broader consumer sentiment in the US. So, I guess how are you thinking about dentists' behavior in this market?
Stanley Bergman: So, Jason, as I indicated earlier on, at the moment, we don't see a huge negative impact. In fact, we don't see much at all. Our bookings on equipment are pretty steady, actually, a little bit robust, I would say. And in line with the kind of backlogs that we saw pre-COVID. So, I would say it's relatively stable. Dentists are investing in their practices. There's obviously quite a large investment on the digital side. But traditional equipment is pretty steady, and we're seeing new practices open. And the DSOs that are well financed are expanding with the de novo sites. So at the moment, it's pretty stable. I would say it's a little bit better. Just there's no -- I can't give you specific data, but it feels a little bit better than the general consumer sentiment. And the Medical business is quite good. We did have periods where the early part of the year, the respiratory sensitive part of the year were challenged. But this year was, from a sales point of view, a bit better. So, this all leads us to conclude that the markets that we serve are stable. As I mentioned, actually, what I just -- the color I just gave relates mostly to the US. But as I mentioned earlier on, when you go outside of the US, it's very country-dependent and I would say the majority of the countries that we serve, it's okay. From a tariff point of view, specifically as it relates to specialty products, most of the products that we sell are locally made. So, there's no real tariff impact. I think on the implant side, the US market is a bit weaker than maybe a year or so ago. But that's been made up by, in our case, strong sales in Europe, particularly in Germany. We do not sell much in terms of specialty products in Asia. We do in Japan, but not in China. So those are big variables that we see, maybe some of the other implant companies as it relates to Asia, is not a factor at Henry Schein. But I would say, we started out in the prepared remarks with stability. And I think my sense is that's still the case. Of course, no one knows where the broader economy will head. But right now, it seems okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Just maybe a modeling question, Ron, for you, if I could, guys. You talked about the high end of that $75 million to $100 million in cost takeout now that you expect to hit for the year, which is an encouraging number to get. What were you at run rate wise coming out of 1Q, just as I think about how to layer in maybe that $90 million to $100 million in savings over the next three quarters? What's already been included in the 1Q number? Thank you.
Ron South: Yeah, Jeff, so the $100 million in savings that we're referring to would be kind of on an annualized run rate basis. So, there won't be a full $100 million of savings in the 2025 results. But we had achieved kind of coming into the year, we were in about a $60 million run rate as we came into the year. So if you just take that piece of it and divide it out by the four quarters, you can get some feel for what the first quarter benefit may have been. And then, of course, on top of that, we continue to take measures and taking certain initiating, certain cost saving opportunities over the course of the year as well.
Jeff Johnson: Yeah, understood. All right, thank you. And then just, we saw the 8-K on Friday, it looks like Max has now joined the Board. I don't think I've seen if Dan has yet joined the Board. Just, one, can you confirm that? Maybe I missed an 8-K somewhere there. And, two, just any updated thoughts on kind of maybe strategies the Board might take the company direction wise as the new Board members join and any kind of updated thoughts there? Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: So, Jeff, that is correct. Matt's joined the Board on Friday. Dan will join the Board when we get final approval in Europe for the KKR's investment. As it relates to KKR's role, of course, we've said this in the past, KKR recognizes that Henry Schein is well managed, has a great opportunity, recognizing the challenges we had with the pandemic, the cyber incident, some of the macro issues that we experienced. There are many opportunities that we are examining in general. KKR is working with us, supporting our opportunities to create value for shareholders and in particular, the BOLD+1 strategy and some related activities around that. We are working with their internal group to create -- on the initiatives, we believe we’ll create additional profitability, sustainable profitability for the company. And we'll be able to provide further information in the quarters ahead. But overall, the level of collaboration, the ideas that are emerging, not mostly to support our BOLD+1 strategy have been very, very positive. So it's been a good partnership. But of course, Max is just joining the Board now and Dan hopefully in the next few weeks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mike Petusky with Barrington Research. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Petusky: Hey, good morning. I just want to ask a question around the internal growth in home solutions. The 9% seems kind of strong. And I was just curious, I mean, is that mostly getting deeper with existing accounts? Or are there sort of new account growth there? And also, I was just curious what the actual revenues were if you would be willing to share that? Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: I didn't catch the last part of your question, but our momentum in the home solutions business has been very good. We're expanding our footprint. We're adding more referral sources and managing reimbursement quite well. We have a very good team, and this is an area of growth that we expect to continue into the future. So, we're very pleased with our home solutions business. It's a natural fit with the Henry Schein core physician referral business. And so, I didn't catch the last part of your…
Ron South: The revenue base. Yeah. I mean on an annualized basis, that business is now approaching something, I believe it's around $360 million a year, but quickly growing and approaching $400 million soon.
Mike Petusky: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Allen Lutz with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. Please proceed with your questions.
Allen Lutz: Good morning, and thanks for taking the questions. One for Stanley or Ron. Why do you think the US implant market is a little weaker in 1Q '25 versus a year ago? Can you talk about what you're seeing there and give us an update on the performance of some of the new launches here in the US? Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: I'm not sure we can give you anything specific as to why it's weaker other than to say that consumer sentiment for high-end dentistry may be a bit weaker. I think for the more price-sensitive procedures, it seems to be relatively stable. The basic products that are used, implants used in lower cost procedures seem to be more stable than the higher end. Our bone regeneration business is quite solid. As it relates to products, the Tapered Pro Conical product, we are focused right now on moving our existing customer base over to the new product, which has been well received. We have the SmartShape healer, which provides what we believe is an innovative advancement to supporting functions of healing abutments and impression taking. This is doing well. So overall, the US market is slightly down. We believe we're keeping pace with that. Perhaps we're picking up a little bit more market share in our bone regeneration area. But overall, I think the high end then is more linked to the elasticity of the consumer sentiment and that the lower end of the cost of a procedure, that part of the market seems to be rather stable.
Allen Lutz: Thanks, Stanley. And then you said in your prepared remarks, you said new dental practice build-out is increasing. Can you expand on that a little bit? Do you mean that it's accelerating from where it was maybe in the back half of '24? Are you just saying that it's growing year-over-year? Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: I think in '24, there were not that many build-outs both de novo and with existing practices. And we are seeing an expansion of de novos not only with DSOs, many DSOs, many of our customers are expanding in the DSO world. But this is also with the smaller practices, the midsized practices, group practices, the regional DSOs. There is more activity going on than a year ago. Maybe it paused for a while because people were taking it back with the higher interest rates. But I think dentists have now come -- and the financial managers of these DSOs have come to realize that the interest rates are likely to stay at these levels and are adjusting their purchasing and investment criteria. Of course, there are some larger DSOs that didn't have the quality of financing and they may not be growing their businesses internally as rapidly. But those that have good financing and there are a lot of those DSOs are investing again. And the sentiment on the investment side seems to be okay.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Stansel with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
John Stansel: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just walk through in the case where you need to pass on cost to your customer base in the dental space? What are the mechanics of that? And how quickly can you pass on cost increases to customers? And how have the discussions with large practices gone to date?
Stanley Bergman: Right. So, of course, at the moment, we still have quite a bit of inventory that we didn't have to pay the tariffs. We are working with our customers on moving to alternate products if price is important. The alternate products could be manufactured, global -- national manufacturers, products manufactured outside of the US that could switch to US manufactured products. So there's a lot of activity on our national brand products, those products that we are not the importer of record. Then on our owned brands, the corporate brand side, we are advancing and we have been doing this for a while, the sourcing of these products. Quite a bit is actually manufactured in the US. Most of our specialty products are made in the US. There's a little bit that's not. But a large part of it is. So we are managing the sourcing side. We are working with many manufacturers on cushioning the impact of the tariff. This is on a manufacturer by manufacturer, product by product basis. I think we have a pretty good database on sourcing our products. We invested in that database a few years ago in anticipation of this. Then again, there is the switching from one brand to another. And at the end of the day, if we can't cover the tariff with sourcing -- country sourcing, switching of products, sourcing, moving to our own brand, moving to lower-cost brands, then we're going to have to pass this on to our customers. And at the moment, we haven't had a lot of price increases. We've had them in selected areas, for example, in our handpiece repair business, where the parts are all imported at the moment. And there, we've had to move it up. But not that much in that particular instance, about 5%. So we're doing it at the moment on a product-by-product basis. It -- the tariff increases have not been significant yet and we're hoping that we'll be able to mitigate a lot of this through what I just outlined.
John Stansel: Great. And then if I could just add one more on. On the medical distribution side, can you quantify the tailwind from the elevated -- or seasonally different respiratory season this year, given that you said the market was broadly stable?
Stanley Bergman: I don't know if we -- Ron, do we have specific…
Ron South: Well, I think what I can say is that we did see better sales in our medical business in February and March than we did in January. Quite frankly, that also holds true for our dental business. January was a very soft month as we've emphasized in our prepared remarks. So some of that is the return to normalcy but I think medical got a little bit of a better bump as well because of the timing of the respiratory illness season. And of course, as the year progresses, you see that go back to a more normal mode. But having said that, we were pleased with how the medical business did recover over the course of the quarter and the momentum going into the second quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vik Chopra with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Vik Chopra: Hey, good morning, and thanks so much for taking the questions. So just two for me. Appreciate the comments on the tariff exposure so far. But I'm just curious if you can just talk about what percent of your products are sourced from or manufactured in either Mexico or China and the EU? And then I had a follow-up, please.
Stanley Bergman: Right. So as it relates to Mexico, we have very little sourcing, a bit in our specialty area and there's no impact on tariffs. A big part of our business, specifically dental business, relates to anesthetic, which is now primarily manufactured in Canada and there is no tariff on that. As it relates to China, we started rebalancing our sourcing some time ago. So you take something, a product like gloves, we used to source for the United States, gloves in China. We've moved that production capacity to Europe and have moved glove sourcing primarily to -- for the US, primarily to Malaysia, as an example. We are negotiating with our manufacturers in that area, like, I assume our competitors will. And I don't think it's going to be a dollar for dollar increase as it relates to 10%, but there will have to be an increase at some point. And so this is the kind of activity. But as it relates to China, it's not significantly material. We have about $100 million of product where we are the importer of record. Some of that's coming from China. But in a $12.5 billion, $13 billion business, it's not that material. Of course, the consumer sentiment right now, in general, seems to be okay as it relates to dentists. And I think there is some elasticity as it relates to general consumer sentiment. But at the moment, it seems to be okay as it relates to dentists.
Vik Chopra: Okay. Thank you very much for that. And my follow-up question is, I was wondering if you can comment on the dental capital equipment environment. Given the current trade environment and risk of the macro, have you seen consumers -- sorry, customers pause or extend timelines to purchase capital, either in the US or internationally? Thank you.
Ron South: Certainly, Vik. I think that -- and Stanley referred to this earlier, and I understand the purpose of your question because if we -- that would be kind of the first indicator of perhaps a macroeconomic slowdown in the sector, if we began to see significant declines in equipment orders. And we've been tracking that very closely and we've yet to see any kind of adverse reaction from the market. Our equipment orders are very much in line with our expectations when we look at them kind of on a year-over-year basis. So there's still, what I'll call, healthy demand. Is it super robust demand for equipment? Probably not. But it's healthy demand, both on the traditional equipment side as well as on the digital equipment side.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Brandon Vazquez with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Vazquez: Hey, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Ron, maybe for you first as a modeling question, I think what everyone was trying to get around a little bit in the earlier questions in regards to FX and implied guidance. I'll ask it slightly different and just say, is there a organic growth number that was embedded into the full year guidance that you guys had last quarter versus this quarter? Like, basically, did the organic growth expectations change embedded within the full year guidance?
Ron South: No, I would say they're largely consistent with what our original expectations were, Brandon.
Brandon Vazquez: Okay. Perfect. And then just as my follow-up, there were -- many of the other dental manufacturers were calling our DSOs for kind of a notable strength in the quarter. Some of them maybe had been picking up at the start of the year in terms of advertising, DTC spend or converting some of the backlog. Anything that you guys saw kind of notable strength out of DSOs? And I know you touched on it a little bit but just expectations from the DSOs of -- I know they do a lot of the volume and a lot of the build-out. So how are they feeling right now in this kind of uncertain macro environment going forward? Thanks, guys.
Stanley Bergman: I would say that the DSOs are stable to leaning positively in general. There are a few that are doing quite well. I'm not aware of too many that are doing badly. I mean, if you had gone back maybe a year or two ago, there were some that we were worried about, not really defaults but that we were worried. I would -- I don't know if too many -- actually, I don't know of any really in that category. And maybe there's some small regional ones that may be unstable. But generally, DSOs are pretty stable and have adjusted to the higher interest rate, both in terms of servicing their debt and also in the investment in expansion. So, generally, the DSOs are doing okay.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one last question, coming from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hey, guys. Thanks so much for the question. Just on the back of IDS being solely in March this year, can you talk about how you sort of thought about that show and sort of the traditional maybe bump and particularly in equipment that we generally see in that business and sort of how you guys think about the likely impact for that for this year?
Stanley Bergman: Yeah. The IDS and the full -- the exact timing of the Christmas holiday -- the Easter holiday in Europe, sort of kind of balance each other out. I don't think there's a huge impact. Having said that, what's happened with the IDS, it's become a significantly more focused show for trading amongst businesses rather than with customers. From the customer side, the only real momentum that we can expect from the show is on the German side, Austrian side maybe. And a lot of that is handled through our preshow promotions. We have good momentum in Europe, I think. And what really came out of the show was the drive towards 3D printing, further digitalization of dentistry, all those areas we're focused on. And as we indicated, the equipment market is stable to positive. Of course, it can be lumpy. Of course, this quarter, we had the flip between '23 fourth quarter and the first quarter of '24. So we're up against tough comparisons. But overall, I would say the equipment market is good. And as it relates to Central Europe, I think it's okay.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just in terms of -- I know some of your private label, you obviously manufacture yourselves and some you work with external partners. How do we think about that flexibility with potentially changing some of the sourcing countries, et cetera, in terms of how long that would take if the Chinese tariffs remain at their current elevated levels?
Stanley Bergman: Yeah. Just to recap a little bit. On our owned brands where we manufacture, that is primarily in the specialty areas. And in those areas, particularly the implants and orthodontics, which is very small and some endo, we are making in the markets that we actually sell, largely make in the markets that we sell. So, we don't see much of an impact there. There are odd situations, like I described, the parts in, for example, with handpiece repairs that we have to take up our pricing a bit. But it's not a huge amount. As it relates to our corporate brand, which you call private label, there, we are sourcing now from manufacturers -- OEM manufacturers. We have been moving products around the world for a while. There is a part that's coming out of China but there are not too many products in that group where there are not alternate manufacturers if the tariff doesn't come down. If the tariff comes down a bit, I think we'll be able to work with some of our Chinese manufacturers. But if it doesn't come down, they'll still work with us but we'd have to consider alternate sourcing and that's been in the pipeline for several years already. So there is a piece that we will be challenged, maybe some of the commodities but there are alternatives. For example, gloves, the alternatives is Malaysia. I doubt we'll be able to make a competitive priced glove in the United States. There is a factory or two in that field but it's still very expensive. So at the end of the day, there are products that we'll have to buy with tariffs. But I think our competitors and all of us will be in the same boat for those products. So generally, the movement has started to happen. There's some work that still has to go on. There could be some challenges for a couple of quarters. But in many of these product areas, we do have inventory. So we're working through this on a manufacturer by manufacturer, product category by product category. And at the moment, assuming the economy remains more or less where it is, foreign exchange remains more or less what it is, and I think we maintain our guidance.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Stanley Bergman for closing comments.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much, operator. Thank you all for calling in. We feel pretty good about the business. I think we had a very good quarter, asking again analysts and investors to understand the impact on -- of foreign exchange on the sales. And if you take that into account, there's good momentum. And I think that good momentum at the moment is going nicely into the third quarter -- the second quarter. The third month of the first quarter, March was okay. And as we go into the beginning of the second quarter, it's looking okay, good momentum. Our equipment backlog remains strong. There's some office build-outs. Of course, this is -- can be lumpy. THRIVELIVE, which was our Las Vegas show, with a reasonably good attendance, I'd say good attendance, as I mentioned, was good. The momentum coming out of IDS for Germany or actually the preparatory work going to IDS was quite good. I think that will result in equipment sales, again, a stable market, lumpy, to some extent, on the equipment side. On the high growth, high margin, we've upped our plan to go from 40% to 50% over the next three years. I think we feel pretty good of that. The profits coming out of our corporate brands are 10% -- a little bit more than 10%, looks good. Stable markets, we have indicated. Of course, there are exceptions, some very good markets, some less good but on balance stable. Our implant biomaterials business globally is a good one. At the moment, we feel very good. Europe is doing good. And the US is -- it's not a growing market, but we think we'll continue to gain market share. Technology, we're very optimistic about that business, both in terms of the cloud-based systems, expense management. And we continue to be committed to the long-term EPS, cash flow, EBITDA, goals we outlined. Of course, we had a bump in the road with our cyber incident, which is largely behind us. And so I would say the business is in good shape. Morale is good. We're happy with the management changes we made. We had to, of course, reduce expenses. We had to take out a line of management and it's not unique to Henry Schein. It's what businesses have to do. We did that. And we think we'll be delivering good numbers on the expense reduction side, perhaps a little better than we thought through in the early days. So we remain optimistic about the business. And we think, yes, there is some elasticity as it relates to the economy in general but it's not directly as elastic as perhaps consumer sentiment in general is. And our medical business is okay, doing well. Our distribution businesses, from an efficiency point of view, are doing well. And the management in general, is doing the job that we asked the team to do going into the year. So I thank investors. Of course, Ron, Susan, Graham are ready to answer questions. We'll have some group meetings, via -- webinar meetings where investors can call in and we're happy to answer questions. So thank you all for participating.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Henry Schein's Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce to you for today's call, Graham Stanley, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Financial Project Officer. Please go ahead, Graham.
Graham Stanley: Thank you, operator and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's financial results for the 2024 fourth quarter. With me on today's call is Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Ron South, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. Risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements and the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and included in the Risk Factors section of those filings. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analyses and estimates. Today's remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of the business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures are included in Exhibit B of today's press release and can be found in the Financials and Filings section of our Investor Relations website under the Supplemental Information heading and in our quarterly earnings presentation also posted our Investor Relations website. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, February 25, 2025. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Lastly, during today's Q&A session, we’ll limit -- please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Graham. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning. I hope that the new time is appreciated by analysts and investors. And if not and you would like to go back to a later time, please be in touch with Graham and we will take your thoughts into account. The financial results and guidance being provided today are consistent with the preliminary financial results and guidance provided on January 29. Our fourth quarter financial results reflect relatively stable dental and medical end markets. We continue to make progress as we sunset our 2022 to 2024 BOLD+1 Strategic Plan which is now completed. We exceeded our key goal of -- and the major target in the plan of 2024 -- by 2024 generating 40% of our worldwide operating income from high-growth, high-margin businesses. And let me remind our investors, there's another 10% or so of our profits that are coming from our own brands. So well over half of our profits are today coming from our high-growth, high-margin and own brand products. We have confidence in the underlying fundamentals of our business and look forward to advancing the opportunities contained in our updated '25 to '27 BOLD+1 Strategic Plan. KKR announced its investment to become our largest non-index shareholder recognized -- as they recognize the potential of Henry Schein. We expect 2025 to be the base year from which to grow and achieve our previously provided long-term goal of high single-digit to low double-digit earnings growth with the cyber incident now in the rear mirror. As part of the launch of the updated '25-'27 BOLD+1 Strategic Plan, we have simplified our organizational structure and appointed Andrea Albertini to have responsibility for our Global Distribution and Value-Added Services Group as well as our Global Technology Group. The Global Distribution and Value-Added Services Group includes distribution to the global dental and medical markets of national brand and corporate brand merchandise as well as equipment and related technical services. This group also includes value-added services such as practice transitions, continuing education, consulting, financial and other services. The Technology Group includes development, marketing and sales of practice management software, e-services and other products and related services. We also appointed Tom Popeck to lead our Global Specialty Products Group which includes manufacturing, marketing sales of dental implant and biomaterial products, endodontic [ph], orthodontic and orthopedic products and other health care-related products and services as well as management of our corporate brand offering which is essentially distributed through our distribution group. We expect that these complementary businesses will drive growth by leveraging our current product portfolio across our entire customer base, providing new products and services to our customers and growing our e-commerce business. I think the relationship between each of our groups and the driving of synergies will, of course, grow sales and related profits. We are also today announcing a change to our reportable segments. This was also requested by investors during our investor survey some time ago. And we have now prepared financial statements in accordance with these reported the segments and aligned with our management reporting and provide more meaningful information to investors on the business performance. Ron will detail the performance of each of these 3 groups in his prepared remarks. We will continue to provide information on our high-growth, high-margin products and services but these are now included in each of our reportable segments and which -- and of course, it's a key metric for us to drive high-growth, high-margin profits -- sales and profits, a very important metric for our 2025 to 2027 strategic plan. We'll provide you with separate data on that. Now, let's turn to a review of our key business units. Let me start by reporting on the Global Distribution and Value-Added Services Group. During the fourth quarter, we continued to see relatively stable patient traffic. Market growth for dental and medical products continue to be below the long-term guidance range we provided at our Investor Day, partially as a result of customer migration to value-priced products. Now if we look specifically at the U.S. dental merchandise growth which was strong excluding sales of PPE, personal protective equipment and impacted by low prior year comparable, offset by the midweek timing of Christmas. Ron again will give you specifics later in the call. On the U.S. dental equipment sales which increased double digit and benefited from the deferral last year of some sales in the fourth quarter of '23 into the first quarter of '24 as a result of the cyber incident, we achieved strong growth in traditional equipment and parts and technical service. Digital equipment sales also increased with unit growth quite good, offsetting some price declines. On the U.S. medical business, results reflect a late start of the flu season and lower sales of vaccines, PPE and COVID tests. Our Home Solutions business performed particularly well during the fourth quarter. In January, we strengthened the business as we completed the tuck-in acquisition of Acentus. This is adding to our offering of continuous glucose monitors, an area of the home care market that we're quite bullish about. Now we've increased the annual run rate in this home care Solutions business that we entered a couple of years ago to approximately $400 million with a significant amount of that $400 million coming from internal growth. Let's take a look now at our international dental merchandise sales which grew strongly with good growth in Canada and Canada now is included in the international group -- dental group. Strong growth in Canada, Europe, Brazil, slightly softer growth in Australia, new Zealand and Asia. International equipment sales growth was solid. Stronger growth in traditional equipment compared to digital equipment which was again good units but digital was impacted by pricing, all similar to the U.S., a global trend. But overall, our equipment business was quite good this quarter. Right. Now let's turn to a review of the Global Specialty Products Group which had solid growth in dental implants, biomaterials and endodontic. The core businesses in this group did well. Our new entry into the orthopedics arena last year, special -- well, we did have some orthopedic products before but the significant investment we made last year also performed well. This offset -- this growth was offset by a decrease in the orthodontic sales and we're addressing that through restructuring, largely a result of product -- an important product going off patent. We have a new product coming. Actually, we have it in place now and it's gaining some traction in the orthodontics field. Implanted biomaterial sales in Europe continued to be quite strong, especially in the DACH region, that's the German-speaking region, where our BioHorizons Camlog products continue to grow well. While the launch of BioHorizons Tapered Pro Conical implants in the U.S. is proceeding well, the initial sales are largely coming from product conversions with existing customers resulting in modest incremental sales. But we expect the Tapered Pro Conical implants to be a way to generate business from new customers in our implant business. Overall, our sales of implants in the value segment posted very strong quarterly growth. The S.I.N. product line posted solid double-digit growth in Brazil and we continue to roll out the brand across the U.S. to serve the value segment of the market. Our endodontics sales growth was strong as a result of our expanded sales focus through our U.S. distribution sales channel of the Edge product offering, as well as some new product introductions. A little bit more on the orthopedic business. which continues to perform well, including our TriMed acquisition which is complementary to our medical focus on ASCs and specialty customers. New products in both upper and lower extremities as well as good momentum with a new dedicated sales team in foot and ankle helped drive sales growth. So this whole area of specialty is working well for us. We will deal with the orthodontic challenge. But overall, take that out, the performance is quite good. Now if you look at the Technology Group. While overall sales growth was low, we had strong operating growth in the business. Sales continued to perform well in cloud-based practice software, that's management -- practice management software. And revenue cycle management also did quite well, partially offset by the sunsetting of certain brands. The whole idea here is to drive towards common brands for each type of application. We lose a little bit of business along the way but we can provide better service and, of course, greater margins. And we now have over 9,000 customers subscribed to Dentrix Ascend and Dentally with year-on-year growth of approximately 6.5%. It's very important to understand that this is a shift from an on-prem sale to a SaaS model which creates short-term headwinds on the revenue side which is outweighed by longer-term benefits from higher recurring subscription revenues. This model is working quite well. Cost efficiencies in the business are there. They've been reaped, more to go as we merge brands and this is driving technology operating margin up. This trend, we expect to continue. Now, let me turn the call over to Ron to review our fourth quarter financial results and our '25 guidance. Ron, please.
Ronald South: Thank you Stanley and good morning everyone. As Stanley mentioned, we are also today announcing a change to our reportable segments to align with management reporting and provide more meaningful information for investors on the business. The results being reported today reflect this change and a recast of prior comparative segment information has been provided in Exhibit B of today's press release. Turning to our fourth quarter sales results. I will provide detail on total sales, total sales growth as well as LCI sales growth which is internally generated sales in local currencies compared with the prior year and excludes acquisitions. Global sales were $3.2 billion with sales growth of 5.8% compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. This includes 0.7% growth from acquisitions and a 0.4% decrease attributable to foreign currency exchange. Please note that sales in the fourth quarter of 2023 were negatively impacted by the cybersecurity incident. LCI sales increased 5.5% for the quarter or 6.6% when excluding lower PPE sales and COVID test kits. Our GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2024 was 4.86%, a 358 basis point improvement compared with the prior year GAAP operating margin. On a non-GAAP basis, operating margin for the fourth quarter was 7.46%, a 260 basis point improvement compared to the prior year non-GAAP operating margin. In the prior year, both the GAAP and non-GAAP operating margins were negatively impacted by the cybersecurity incident. In the fourth quarter of 2024, our operating margin benefited from lower operating expenses year-over-year as we are starting to realize cost savings from our restructuring initiatives. We also continue to experience year-over-year gross margin expansion in the fourth quarter, primarily as a result of acquisitions we have made to advance our BOLD+1 strategy. For the full year, we achieved 41% of our total operating income from high-growth, high-margin businesses. Fourth quarter 2024 GAAP net income was $94 million or $0.74 per diluted share. This compares with prior year GAAP net income at $18 million or $0.13 per diluted share. Fourth quarter 2024 non-GAAP net income was $149 million or $1.19 per diluted share. This compares with prior year non-GAAP net income of $86 million or $0.66 per diluted share. The foreign currency exchange impact on our fourth quarter diluted EPS was unfavorable by approximately $0.01 versus the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter of 2024 was $270 million compared to fourth quarter of 2023 adjusted EBITDA of $172 million. Turning to our fourth quarter sales results. We are updating the breakdown of sales as detailed in Exhibit A of today's press release to reflect the updated reportable segments as well as other internal management responsibilities. Of note, we are now reporting U.S. distribution sales instead of North America distribution sales. This means Canada is now being reported as part of international. As a point of reference, Canada has approximately $400 million of annual revenues. Approximately 2/3 of those revenues are merchandise sales with the remaining 1/3 as equipment sales. Global Distribution and Value-Added Services Group sales were $2.7 billion with sales growth of 5.9%, including LCI growth of 5.8%. Sales were positively impacted by a soft comparison to the prior year. Excluding PPE and COVID test kits, LCI sales growth was 7.3%. Our U.S. dental distribution LCI sales grew 5.9% versus the prior year with LCI growth in dental merchandise of 4.8% or 6.5% growth when excluding PPE products and equipment LCI's growth -- sales growth of 10.0%. U.S. equipment sales growth was driven by both traditional and digital equipment, with digital equipment unit growth offsetting some pricing declines. U.S. medical distribution LCI sales grew 4.5% compared to the Q4 of 2023. Excluding sales of PPE products and COVID test kits, LCI sales grew 7.3%. Sales of point-of-care diagnostics and vaccines were negatively impacted by the timing of the flu season. Our Home Solutions business had another strong quarter growing 8% year-over-year. Our international dental distribution LCI sales grew 7.3% versus the prior year with LCI growth in dental merchandise up 7.9% or 8.0% growth when excluding PPE products and equipment LCI sales growth was 6.0%. Finally, global value-added services sales grew 8.1% versus the prior year with an LCI sales decrease of 0.7%. We achieved strong sales growth in e-Assist and financial services, offset by lower sales at large practice sales as a result of the timing of closing of some practice transition services sales. Turning to the Global Specialty Products Group which includes our dental specialty products, orthopedic and other products. Sales were $368 million with sales growth of 7.2%, including LCI growth of 5.0%. This segment includes the orthodontic business which is being reorganized for future profitable growth. It also includes certain expenses relating to managing our own brands that support sales in the distribution businesses and provide a headwind to the segment's operating margin. Global Technology Group sales during the fourth quarter were $160 million with total sales growth of 2.4% and LCI sales growth of 2.1%. This was driven by revenue cycle management and practice management software with double-digit growth in Ascend and internationally led by our Dentally cloud-based practice management solution, offset by lower revenues of certain patient experience modules and, as Stan mentioned, a headwind to revenue growth as a result of the movement to a SaaS model. Restructuring expenses in the fourth quarter were $37 million or $0.23 per diluted share. These expenses mainly relate to severance benefits and costs related to exiting certain facilities. Our restructuring activities in the third and fourth quarters are estimated to provide over $80 million in annual run rate savings. We continue to expect savings from this plan to be $75 million to $100 million of aggregate annual run rate savings by the end of 2025. Our fourth quarter GAAP results include $20 million in pre-tax proceeds as part of our cyber insurance claim which are excluded from our non-GAAP results. As of the end of the year, we collected approximately $40 million. All items excluded from our fourth quarter non-GAAP financial results for 2024 and 2023 are detailed in Exhibit B of today's press release. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results is also available in our quarterly earnings presentation on our website. Regarding share repurchases, we repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares of common stock in the open market during the fourth quarter at an average price of $71.35 per share for a total of $75 million. For the full year, we invested $385 million to repurchase 5.4 million shares. At fiscal year-end, we had approximately $380 million authorized and available for future stock repurchases. An additional $500 million of share repurchases was authorized by our Board of Directors on January 27, 2025, including a commitment to repurchase $250 million in shares under an authorized accelerated share repurchase program. Turning to our cash flow. We had strong operating cash flow of $204 million for the fourth quarter which compares with operating cash flow of negative $32 million last year. Operating cash flow for the full year in 2024 was $848 million which is $348 million more than in 2023. Our strong operating cash flow for the quarter and the year was driven by lower working capital, particularly lower customer receivables which we've been focused on throughout the year. Turning to our 2025 financial guidance. At this time, we are not able to provide without reasonable effort an estimate of restructuring costs associated with the new restructuring plan for 2025, although we expect this to primarily include severance pay and facility-related costs. Therefore, we are not providing GAAP guidance. Our 2025 guidance is for continuing -- current continuing operations as well as acquisitions that have closed and does not include the impact of restructuring and integration expenses and other items described in our press release. Guidance assumes modest improvement in the dental and medical markets during the year and is supported by strategic initiatives outlined in our strategic plan and recent acquisitions as well as a positive contribution from our restructuring plan. This is partially offset by investments in technology and a return to historical levels of incentive compensation. We also assume that foreign currency exchange rates remain generally consistent with 2024 levels. Our 2025 total sales growth is expected to be 2% to 4% over 2024. For 2025, we expect non-GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. to be in the range of $4.80 to $4.94 which reflects growth of 1% to 4% compared with 2024 non-GAAP diluted EPS of $4.74 per share. 2025 non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be more heavily weighted to the second half of the year. This guidance assumes there is no debt impact from the issuance of new shares to KKR which is expected to be offset by an accelerated share repurchase program. It also assumes an estimated non-GAAP effective tax rate of 25%. Our 2025 adjusted EBITDA is expected to grow in the mid-single digits versus 2024 adjusted EBITDA of $1.1 billion. We expect adjusted EBITDA to grow faster than non-GAAP diluted EPS due to higher depreciation expense, primarily related to the global e-commerce platform. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Ron. Operator, we're ready to respond to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler.
Jason Bednar: Thanks for all the detail here in the recast financials. I appreciate that's not an easy undertaking. I want to start with, if I could, revenue guidance and just some of the underlying assumptions you have there. You're calling for 2% to 4% reported revenue growth. It's based in part upon improvement in both dental and medical end markets versus last year. Just -- I understand why your business can continue to outperform the broader market with your investments, the initiatives you have in motion. But it does seem like your market view is slightly more optimistic than what we've heard from some of your peers. So is there something you're seeing today that gives you kind of, call it, better relative comfort on the market outlook? And then if you're able, can you give us a sense of how you're forecasting organic growth for each of your new reporting segments, really just in the context of that company-wide guide?
Ronald South: Yes. Sure, Jason. I think the -- we do see modest growth in the markets, right? If you think back to the Investor Day 2 years ago, we said then we thought core dental could grow 2% to 4%. I think we're still looking at market -- well, if there's market growth, we think the 2% could be challenging. So it's probably somewhere in that 0% to 2%. But we do expect some modest growth in there. Price appreciation is also limited, so there's not a lot of price appreciation in our revenue guidance. And you mentioned too kind of inorganic versus organic. Our M&A activity was a little lower than most years in 2024. So we're not getting -- there's a very limited amount of acquisition growth included in that overall revenue growth as well.
Jason Bednar: Okay. Ron, I guess, on the second part of that, any breakdown on -- or how you want us thinking about, under your new reporting structure, the global distribution, U.S. versus international, thoughts within there, global specialty, global tech. And then maybe just as a follow-up, on the bottom line, you seem pretty confident just in the outlook of getting back to high single-digit growth once we get past '25. Is that a function of '25 investments tapering in '26? Or is it a belief we're going to see better natural leverage coming through the P&L?
Ronald South: I think it's a combination of -- on the latter part of your question, it's a combination of that, right? It's the ongoing benefits we would get from some of the restructuring we're doing, at some point, some recovery in markets and perhaps some better price appreciation going forward as well. In terms of -- going back to your question on the reportable segments. I think that within the -- within each of those, we are looking at kind of market growth that continues to be lower than we would normally anticipate and lower than what we communicated on Investor Day 2 years ago. So for example, I think we said that medical growth rates were in the 4% to 7%. We think that right now, we expect that market growth to still be slightly below that 4%. Dental specialties were in that 5% to 8% range. So, there are pockets of dental specialties that could be in that range but there's also -- especially on the, what I'll call, kind of the sub-premium side, we still think it's lower than 5%. So there are some aspects of the market that are going to be lower than what those market growth rates were that we assumed a couple of years ago.
Operator: Our next questions are from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson: I know we're 2 months into 2025 but I just want to go back to the fourth quarter for one second here, if I could. I mean, when you pre-released last month the $3.2 billion in revenue for 4Q, we frankly had hoped that was a rounded down number. It ends up in today's release that was a rounded up number. And when I looked at just kind of relative to your third quarter updated guidance that you provided on the third quarter, sorry, for 2024, you fell short in the fourth quarter by 500 basis points in the fourth quarter on a revenue basis at the low end of the guidance, 700-plus basis points at the midpoint. So what happened in fourth quarter, I guess, that drove those revenues 500 basis points below the low end of the guidance, 700 basis points below the midpoint of the guidance, just relative to a guidance that was issued a month into the fourth quarter?
Ronald South: Sure, Jeff. I'll address your rounding question first. I mean, we did say $ 3.2 billion. I think revenues of $3.191 billion. So you're right, we rounded it up $9 million. So -- but we did round that to $3.2 billion. In terms of the lower revenues than expected, as we mentioned, we did have -- it was a relatively flat patient traffic in the quarter and also a really kind of a slow end of the quarter given the timing of Christmas which we underestimated the impact of that. So the quarter did end much more slowly than what we may have anticipated. And on the medical side, the timing of the flu season resulted in much lower medical revenues than we had anticipated as well.
Jeffrey Johnson: Okay. And if I look at the dental numbers and a little bit hard to compare to our old models, obviously but you gave us some historical restatements to help. But that U.S. number, up mid-single digits on consumables, I think, somewhere in the neighborhood of a negative 8% to 10% comp depending on how we cut the numbers. So on a stack basis, still negative. We talked about the market being pretty flat and you guys have recovered a decent amount of your cyber share loss. I mean, talk to me maybe just about share dynamics in the fourth quarter and share dynamics expected in 2025. Do you feel like you're holding your own? Do you feel like you're maintaining that share? Are you losing share at this point? Just help me understand kind of that stack comp still negative on the consumables side in the fourth quarter.
Ronald South: Yes. In the fourth quarter, we did see share stabilize. We had been getting a little bit of additional market share quarter-to-quarter sequentially over the course of '24. Our Q4 share was relatively flat to our Q3 share. There's -- there could be a number of reasons for that. But we're still confident we can continue to get some market share as we get into as well.
Stanley Bergman: Jeff, let me just add that moving to the segment reporting and changing the way we've reported in the past is just not easy to comprehend. We provided a lot of data in the exhibits. There's no way these changes could be understood in 1.5 hours. So I'm not sure if there was a better way to do this. This is the best way we thought to providing this information. But I think if analysts, yourself, have a few more hours to look at the schedules that we provided, it will make a lot more sense. But this is a onetime move in 29 years that we've moved as a public company from one way of describing our business to another. The description follows reporting -- internal management reporting which was required by the SEC and there's a lot of information that is contained in these attachments. And we'd be happy to clarify. We do understand, specifically for yourself and for others that have covered us for many, many years, that this is a significant change and it's very difficult to comprehend all the nuances in 1.5 hours. Perfect storm in reporting and new segment reporting all thrown together. But we're available to provide more information. But I think the attachments will be helpful but you will need time to analyze them.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Allen Lutz with Bank of America.
Allen Lutz: I want to go to Slide 8 in the presentation. Specialty operating margins are up pretty nicely year-over-year but they may be a little bit below where we thought they would be. Can you talk a little bit about the opportunity to raise those margins over time?
Stanley Bergman: So just on the specialty side. The specialty margins, this is the reporting segment as it relates to reporting of management. So within that segment, there are some lower-margin businesses, for example, our pro repair handpiece business. It's good. But it's about have maybe more -- maybe less of the margin compared to our implant business and our endodontic business. We had a challenge with the orthodontic business which we are addressing. And that segment also includes expenses for management of our corporate brand, products which are essentially distributed through our distribution business. So it's not a pure margin for the implants and the endo, it includes other components as well. But it does follow the requirements of all the businesses and all the functions reporting to Tom Popeck. So we can provide further information. We will over time. But this is the reporting as it relates to management reporting rather than products that are implants, bone regeneration and endodontics. Yes, we do expect the gross -- the operating margin in this segment to grow over time. That is a key focus. But it's not a pure number relating to implants, bone regeneration and endodontics and affect orthopedics which have higher margins.
Allen Lutz: And then, one for Ron. Is there any way to frame how fast dental implants grew in 4Q? And then as we look to 2025, a large Medicare Advantage payer stopped covering implants in 2025. Wondering if there's any change to growth you're seeing through the first 2 months of the year. And what's embedded in the guide for North American implant growth?
Ronald South: Yes. With reference to implant growth, we're still seeing a relatively healthy growth in Europe more so than in the U.S. In the U.S., we're still getting some value implant growth more so than perhaps on the premium side. And U.S. is a slightly tougher market right now with implants. But in Europe, our Camlog subsidiary that focuses primarily in Germany, Austria, Switzerland region are really in that kind of low to mid-single-digit growth range which we're pleased with because it's a difficult market. There was a second part of your question, Allen, I'm sorry, it was...
Allen Lutz: Just around 2025, a large MA payer stopped covering implants. Wondering if that had any impact through the first couple of months of the year.
Ronald South: No. I mean, it's not a, what I would call, significant part of the kind of end market for us. So we haven't seen anything that we would point to that we would be able to directly attribute that to an impact on the business at this point.
Operator: The next question is from the line of John Stansel with JPMorgan.
John Stansel: I want to go back to the KKR agreement. I think in the agreement, there's commentary around the value creation plan using KKR Capstone. Can you just speak to what areas they'll be looking at? Is this purely an advisory capacity? And then maybe a little bit more broadly, are there things that KKR's pretty extensive dental portfolio can do to work together maybe that haven't happened previously?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. So as it relates to KKR, they are not on the Board yet. We have to clear the Hart-Scott-Rodino before they can get deeply involved. We will, of course, engage with their team. There are a number of areas that they feel they can help us with that we really believe they can. But our focus and the areas -- our focus through our strategic plan and the areas that KKR has capabilities align very nicely but we can't really get to work in any significant or meaningful way until the filing is clear. We're still in the preliminary stage of the filing. We haven't received any further commentary. So we're hopeful that we'll clear the Hart-Scott soon and then we can get to work with KKR. But they're not on the Board yet and they cannot really get engaged. I don't expect much benefit from the relationship with one of our large customers. It is definitely a Chinese wall between the two sides and different people involved.
John Stansel: Great. And then just one, maybe for Ron. You talked about that share gain versus kind of the beginning of 2024 -- exiting '24. I think about that and potentially the flu season pushing into the first quarter. Seems like you would think that growth might be weighted more to the first half of '25 versus the back half at the top line. Can you help me just balance that versus the back half weighting of adjusted EPS, what the factors are that kind of might create that dichotomy?
Ronald South: Well, it does assume kind of ongoing -- regaining some market share over the course of the year. And also, as we get some greater momentum on the implant side, for example, with the Tapered Pro Conical and some of the newer products that launched in the back half of 2024, that would give us momentum into '25. And then that's [ph] reference to the top line. And then bottom line is just ongoing reduction in expenses as we execute on the restructuring plan that would get us to some -- to more -- I would expect more earnings growth in the back half of the year than in the first half of the year. Keep in mind, too, one other thing, John, is said -- and we referenced this on the call, we will have a difficult equipment comp in the first quarter of 2024 -- I'm sorry, 2025 as last year the first quarter benefited from some deferral of equipment installations coming off the cybersecurity incident. So when we report Q1 and talk about equipment, we'll also be looking at it -- as we're looking at it internally, we kind of look at that as a 6-month period, Q4 to Q1, how is that business doing versus last year given that disruption to the timing last year on the equipment installation as well.
Operator: Our next questions are from the line of Jon Block with Stifel.
Jonathan Block: Ron, I think this one is probably for you. Just the 2025 EPS growth at a high level, basically in line with revenue growth. I just think about like mix shift, debt paydown, stock repo, ongoing restructuring, maybe some past accretion targets from those deals that were done in prior quarters. Can you talk to why we're not seeing some slightly higher leverage on the bottom line versus the top, even in a year where there's a lot of moving parts or what you seem to be alluding to is like a rebasing type of year?
Ronald South: There's a couple of things and we've kind of touched on some of the challenges on the revenue side. I would say two things that are specific. We have talked about some ongoing investment in IT, specifically in our global e-commerce platform which we'll be launching in the U.S. this summer. But we have begun depreciating that system because we did launch it on a test basis in Europe late in 2024. So we are going to get a full year of depreciation on that. And then also, as we referenced in the call, kind of a return to what we'll call hopefully more normal incentive compensation expense as we the last couple of years, between cyber and the softer markets, have not had -- were not considered to be a normal expense level there. So there are some internal headwinds related to this. Some of this is offset by some of the cost savings we're achieving. But there are some top line challenges out there still that I touched on when referencing the revenue guidance.
Jonathan Block: Okay. And maybe just to shift gears. Stanley, in the past, I think you've alluded to the need for, call it, accelerating innovation from partners or investments in new products. And here we are shortly coming up on IDS next month. So I'm just curious on how you see the pipeline from some of your partners. And do you see some of that innovation, call it, like incremental innovation working its way through? Nothing is overnight but that might give you more confidence as you look out over the next 12 to 18 months in your equipment line.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, Jon, thank you. Very important question. I do think we will see some marginal incremental advancements at IDS, I think, particularly in the digital space and the digital materials. And I think on the consumables, the basic consumables, hopefully we'll see some advances. But at the moment, not much. There are, of course, always manufacturers that are coming out with something new but I don't think very much. And on the traditional side, not very much either, the imaging. But the digital side, yes. And I think that may lead to more movement towards a second-tier potentially and maybe corporate brand-type products. Of course, I'm not talking about the specialty side. It continues to be good innovation, funding on the implant side, a little bit on the endodontic. We'll see what happens next month. I don't expect at least big surprises.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: Ron, I just want to dive a little bit more into the margin question. I appreciate you saying you have $75 million to $100 million of savings. There's offsets from IT, offsets from the incentive program normalizing again next year. I guess if you're talking about flat operating margins, is that completely offsetting the $75 million to $100 million in savings? And like if we were to break that apart, what's happening with the margins on the segments ex the sort of cost savings against the one-timers that are company specific that are offset? I'm just trying to understand what's driving the margin specifically, either segment or cost savings against one-timers.
Ronald South: Yes, certainly, Kevin. I'll try to -- I think I understand your question. The -- for example, in distribution and something we've touched on, you're seeing some movement to lower-priced items. While those gross margins can be beneficial, from an operating margin standpoint, we were seeing relative stability as it relates to that shift to merchandise. We are seeing some -- we've mentioned some of the pricing pressure on digital equipment that can put a little bit of pressure on margins as well. So those are more kind of market phenomenons that we're trying to manage. You mentioned some of the company-specific items that will -- that we are investing in. And those are items, quite frankly, that were long-term investment plans regardless if we were doing the restructuring or not. So some of that, you could argue, is a reinvestment of the restructuring savings and some of it is -- we were going to incur it anyway. It perhaps just falls out. Once you get past distribution, you get into specialty. We do see a little more of a shift, for example, in implants to value implants versus premium. That has a slightly different margin profile. We are working to improve the orthodontic business which right now is creating a little bit of a drag for us on that operating margin. So there's a couple of things within specialty as well that we believe once we kind of get beyond '25 and get to a more normal run rate with those businesses, we'll begin to see operating margin expansion contribution from that portion of the business. And in technology, the technology team has done a very good job of reducing costs of consolidating some brands on the patient experience side. We saw some good operating margin expansion in technology in the back half of '24. Another challenge will be to try to maintain that type of operating margin going forward.
Kevin Caliendo: Great. And if I can ask a follow-up to Stan. When you partnered with KKR in this way, I know you have a long-standing relationship with Henry Schein One, did you view them as a strategic partner? Or did you think that they would come in more and help operationally? Like take me through what you think the benefit you're going to get from having a stronger relationship with KKR going forward?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. I think they will be a very strong strategic partner. They do care about the medical space but particularly the dental space. I think they're interested in advancing their platform on consumables, equipment, software, synergy between all of those, specialty area. They have very good capabilities with the Capstone area. So I think there are a lot of opportunities. And the good news is the areas they see as opportunities align with the areas that we have identified in our '22 to '24 strategic plan that are now magnified in the '25 to '27 strategic plan: the high-growth, high-margin opportunities, the opportunities relating to advances in efficiency on our distribution side, driving customer satisfaction, the areas of leveraging between our businesses and, of course, the technology area. The whole BOLD areas that they align. They're adding two, we're very fortunate, directors who had a lot of experience in the markets that we serve. We've added a third new director, who has very good experience in the device field. So I think they will add a lot. The people that we've met are people that really are interested in our business and are long-term players in this field. This is not a buying the stock, driving it up and exiting. This seems like a long-term play. It doesn't seem -- that's what the assurances have given. So we're very, very excited with the opportunity to partner with KKR in advancing our BOLD+1 Strategic Plan.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Brandon Vazquez with William Blair.
Brandon Vazquez: Two quick ones that are a little bit of clarification ones. When you were talking, Ron, about sales structure normalizing in 2025, just to be clear, can you clarify that there -- is there a change in the sales incentives or the structure of the sales incentive packaging? Or is it simply a normalization of what you think comp will be because things are normalizing? And then, the other clarification question is simply around tariffs. With the Trump admin saying now again that the Mexico and Canada tariffs might be going on soon and then, of course, China has gone on. Just talk to us about what is and isn't included within the '25 guidance that's been given.
Ronald South: Yes. Just to clarify, Brandon, first on the compensation question you have. That was with reference really the management incentive compensation, not on the sales side. We have made -- we've also made some changes in the sales commission structure which we think can help us drive growth and improve -- perhaps improve margins going forward. But what I was referring to specifically was when you look at the stock-based compensation and other related expenses going forward, we would -- to the extent we can get the business back to more normal growth rates, we can start to expect an increase in those expenses and that's reflected here. Regarding tariffs, we have -- with -- like for example, with China, the one product category that is most affected by China historically would be gloves. And over the course of '24, we were able to shift a lot of our supply chain to other Southeast Asian countries, Vietnam, Malaysia as an example. We continue to have supplier relationships in China. We can have them supply our European businesses without having to manage the tariff side of it. Beyond that, in Canada, Canada is a large producer of anesthetics for the dental industry to the extent that there's an increase in cost of anesthetics. It won't only affect us. It will affect everybody because that's where most anesthetics -- dental anesthetics come from. And regarding Mexico, we rely very little on supply from Mexico. I think that that's -- those are really the areas of focus right now. But we believe we're well positioned to manage through any situation that would arise as it relates to tariffs.
Brandon Vazquez: And maybe one big -- bigger picture. I'm not sure we've ever gotten a stat like this from you before. But maybe can you talk about -- you guys obviously have your own product portfolio of Henry Schein-branded products. What percentage of customer needs do you guys think you can fulfill with your current portfolio? Trying to get a sense of like how big can this product portfolio actually get over the coming years and how much line of sight do you have in your current customer accounts to grow that business?
Stanley Bergman: So of course, we are committed to our branded manufacturers. It's a hybrid model where the branded manufacturers have an offering that provides the price -- that satisfies the pricing needs of our customers. We will work with the branded manufacturers. But essentially, for most products on the consumable side, we do have an alternative. Whether it's -- the brand is as well recognized or not, that's a different story. But I think the Henry Schein corporate brand has moved over the last 5 or 6 years to much more of a brand versus a white box. But essentially on the dental side, we have most of the products, if not almost all. We do not have private brand dental traditional equipment. I'm not sure there's a need for that. We have adequate sources of supply. And in that area, manufacturers are working with us to meet the value needs of our customers, whether they are DSOs or smaller practices. On the medical side, a lot of -- we have a lot of the products, not everything. And certainly, we don't have our own brand of generic drugs but we do have all products that are purchased by medical customers and are available -- generically available under a generic brand. But we don't have our own brand of generics. Most of our pharmaceuticals anyway are injectables and vaccines. For vaccines, the big one, flu, there's adequate supply of not exactly generic but equivalent products and, on injectables, generally with some things available. So generic, we have access to that at very competitive pricing. So we have a complete portfolio as needed. We're always adding new products, of course. But -- and we're always improving on our brand image to match the policy of the product. But generally, our corporate brand has very good potential. Having said that, we are always working with our branded manufacturers and this hybrid model works well. And we are expecting to increase our gross profit margin because of the specialty products but also because of our own brand and because of the support from certain of our manufacturers, national brand manufacturers. So we do expect gross profit to increase this year and in the future.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one last question coming from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson: I have maybe two follow-ups on some of the things. One, I appreciate all your comments on the tariff guidance -- tariff impact or potential tariff impact. Can you just remind us, maybe I missed this, like what exactly you included in the guidance or whether you just think it's sort of incremental but not necessarily something that you're as worried about given some of the sourcing changes? And then two, maybe, Stanley. Can you talk about the transition within the orthodontic market? I appreciate what you said was sort of temporary in nature. But I just want to make sure I understand the dynamics of that, your patent comes off and you reramp both in the broader orthodontics business and also clear aligners the business.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Sure, Elizabeth. On the tariffs, essentially, there is no -- we're not contemplating any impact to our bottom line. A big imported product offering is the gloves. And yes, there's some nitrile gloves that we have to purchase in tariffed countries. I think everybody is, to some extent, reliant on that. But other than that, we've been able to shift our product needs around. We can acquire gloves, for example, adequate inventory from Malaysia. I'm not aware of any tariff implications on Malaysia. And as it relates to China, some other product that we need comes from China, we can use that in Europe and satisfy the U.S. demand elsewhere. Not much else. We've been moving product around now for a while. We've contemplated this tariff for a while. I do not believe it will impact our bottom line. As Ron mentioned, the big one is dental anesthetic from Canada. For the moment, we have adequate inventory to get us through for a while. But if there is a tariff on dental anesthetic from Canada, it will impact the entire industry because you can't just move dental anesthetic around. Maybe a little bit more will come from France but a huge percentage will come from Canada. So I don't think from our bottom line point of view, if tariffs are implemented, it will impact sales in a positive way. But I don't think the bottom line will have -- will be impacted in any material way or in any way, really. As it relates to orthodontics, it's a small part of our business but the infrastructure we had in place for the traditional orthodontics was built for a much larger business. We're now rightsizing the infrastructure. Yes, we lost a patent on an important product in the orthodontic space. So we lost money in that space, operating income in '24. That is being adjusted. As it relates to aligners, we make the liners in the U.S. and in France to our biotech business. We're synergizing those. All aligners will come out of the French factory. It's actually a very good aligner. But we have been losing money on aligners and we expect to turn this all around in '24. By the time we get to the third or fourth quarter -- actually more in the fourth quarter, we will start making money again in a very small orthodontic space which has been a drag on our specialty earnings in '24. As we get to the end of '25, I think you'll see profitability in the orthodontic business. But it is small but we did lose some money in '24. I think we're at the end now.
Operator: Yes, Mr. Bergman. I turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. So thank you, everyone, for calling in. Really appreciate it. I'm aware that the movement to the new segment accounting is a bit of a challenge. I don't know of another way. I'm sure there were other ways in which we could have advised our investors of this change. We did alert our investors in our last call that we would be doing this. We did consult our advisers. And I do apologize if we're hitting our investors with too much new information all at once while, at the same time, having an early call. So that's number one. Number two is our team are ready to address questions, of course, all in compliance with FD. Graham and Susan and Ryan are available. Of course, I will take calls from any investors, too. I just wanted to emphasize and maybe it didn't come across clearly, we are quite bullish about the business. I think the business is running well. We have very good management in our segments. Each one of the segments is run by capable people, experienced people, not only heading up -- not only Andrea and Tom but the teams underneath them are very, very solid, both in the United States dental business in the United States medical business. our Canadian, Brazilian business, our European business and our Asian businesses. So, I think we've got as good a team as anyone else in our industry. I think we are continuing to gain market share. If you peel the onion, maybe there's some areas where we haven't grown market share this quarter. There's very interesting dynamics as the cut-off when Christmas fell, what was moved between '23 last quarter and '24 1st quarter, the comparables. These are all areas -- and hopeful that '25 will be an easier year to understand. And we're well set up for an outstanding, I think, '26. We view '25, as we've noted a couple of times, as a base year upon which we will return to our corporate model for growth, high single digits, low double digits EPS. The cash flow in the business is good. The investments that we've made to advance our strategic plan are doing well. The big ones are doing extremely well. And our advances on all sides of the strategic plan, the BOLD+1 plan are doing well. You've got a slide in the investor presentation covering the B, the build, the operationalization of our distribution business, the O; the leveraging is doing well with lots of opportunity. And we're making very good progress on the digital side. The GEP system that we launched in the U.K. and Ireland is working quite well in that market and we'll come to The States later in the year. I'm quite comfortable that, that product will generate much more business. It's not doing it now. Although right now, we do have to recognize the depreciation. We're doing quite well in advancing our clinical workflow. We're advancing AI in the business. We're doing, I think, the things we should be doing. But I do realize from an investor point of view, there's been a lot of change. The change started with the COVID up and down, the -- some restructuring at the COVID and as things were settling down. We did have the cyber incident. But we have, I believe, fully stabilized post the cyber incident. I was just at our medical national sales meeting. Our sales organization is ready -- not only ready but are going out, getting new business. I would say '24 was a year -- most of '24 was a year in which we were focused on our existing customers, getting them through the cyber incident, retained a lot -- most of our customers, if not all, except for some of the episodic customers. We're getting them back. Doing a lot of work the whole area of e-commerce to attract those customers back. The episodics that left us. And I would say the business is quite stable today and the strategic plan that we executed for '22 and '24 will have very good momentum into '25 to '27 planned led by, I think, a great team. So with that in mind, again, sorry about the way in which segment accounting changes came out. But I'm not sure there's any good way of really presenting the significant change and having a call right after the press release goes out, 1.5 hours. But anyway, we will listen to investors. We'll take your ideas very seriously. We're open to all dialogue with investors. And of course, we're very, very excited about the addition of KKR to our investor base and the three new Board members we have. So look forward to seeing people at conferences, Ron, Graham, Susan going out to some conferences, I think, next week. And please feel free to reach out to us. We will answer your questions also, of course, in compliance with FD. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Henry Schein's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Graham Stanley, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Financial Project Officer. Thank you. Please go ahead, Graham.
Graham Stanley: Thank you, operator, and thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's Financial Results for the Third Quarter of 2024. With me on today's call are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Ron South, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that's forward-looking. Risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements and the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and included in the Risk Factors section of those filings. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end-market growth rates and market share are based upon the company's internal analyses and estimates. Today's remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance, and allow for greater transparency with regard to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures are included in Exhibit B of today's press release and can be found in the Financials and Filings section of our Investor Relations website under the supplemental information heading and in our quarterly earnings presentation also posted on our Investor Relations website. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, November 5, 2024. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Lastly, during today's Q&A session, please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Graham. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our businesses performed well during the third quarter, driven by the successful implementation of our BOLD+1 Strategic Plan that is resulting in growth and efficiency throughout Henry Schein and a strong contribution from high growth, high margin products, and services. We believe we continue to steadily gain market share in our dental and medical distribution businesses following last year's cyber incident. Our dental equipment business is showing ongoing stability in North America and increased investment by customers across Europe, Australia, and New Zealand. Implant and endodontic products had good growth in Europe and Brazil, as well as in North America following the successful launch of the BioHorizons Tapered Pro Conical implant in the United States. We're reporting another quarter exceeding our target of 40% of operating income generated by our high-growth, high-margin businesses and we expect to exceed the target -- this particular target of the 40% target for fiscal 2024. Acquisitions made during 2022 to 2024, during that strategic planning cycle, along with product launches are delivering strong financial results and our restructuring plan is on target. We also continue to return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program. We exceeded our financial expectations for the quarter. So today, we are increasing our non-GAAP EPS guidance range to $4.74 to $4.82. We are -- we also launched our global e-commerce platform in the UK and Ireland, that's the GEP program and expect to launch next year in the United States. So far, we have received rather positive feedback from our customers that have moved onto the new system. Now let me turn to a review of our business units and start with the dental distribution business. Overall, third-quarter results for our dental distribution businesses generally reflect continued stable patient traffic globally. We believe the North American market for dental merchandise sales was consistent with last year with unit sales increasing low single digits, offset by PPE price declines and a shift in sales to lower-cost brands and owned brand products. We also believe that our North American dental merchandise market share grew sequentially last quarter compared to the second quarter, reflecting a similar trend from the beginning of the year as we continue to recover from last year's cyber incident. Our third-quarter sales increased internationally in the dental merchandise arena and reflects solid growth in Germany, Austria, France, Brazil, Australia, and New Zealand. So now let's turn to the equipment side. North American dental equipment sales were consistent with the prior year, and we believe we continue to outperform the overall market. Sales of traditional equipment grew slightly, while digital equipment sales decreased. Parts and services sales continued to grow strongly. We believe our North American digital equipment sales were impacted in part by the timing of DSO. It was a successful show for us because it took place in the last week, but it took place in the last week of September. Sales from the show will mostly be recognized in the fourth quarter of this year and on the international equipment side, sales growth was quite good in parts of Europe, Australia, and New Zealand, and that was across all categories. Let's turn to the dental specialties. Our dental implant and biomaterial sales as well as our endodontic sales grew mid-single digits for the quarter, with continued above-market growth in the United States and Europe. U.S. sales were fueled by the launch of BioHorizons Tapered Pro Conical implant, driving mid-single-digit sales growth in the third quarter against the backdrop of a North American market that is trending flat to slightly negative. Additionally, in the U.S., we launched the SmartShape Healers abutment product line at the end of the quarter in our implant business, which we expect to further attract new customers and drive implant sales. The product is being well received specifically by non -- by rise of customers who feel we've got something that is of great interest to them. We are confident practitioners will value the product's benefits, including less chair time, enhanced patient comforts, and improved clinical efficiency. Turning to our orthodontic business, we are in the midst of restructuring this business as well as transitioning to the Smilers brand Clear Aligner in the United States and in the European markets. This resulted in lower orthodontic sales for the quarter compared to the prior year. So now let's turn to the technology and value-added services part of the business. During the quarter, sales of our practice management software and revenue cycle management products posted mid-single-digit growth. This was driven by growth in the customer base of our Dentrix Ascend and Dentally cloud-based solutions, which was up more than 20% year-over-year with now approximately 8,600 installations worldwide at the quarter-end. Now it's important to understand our results are impacted by customers moving from on-prem to SaaS-based solutions. Revenue is recognized in a different way in a SaaS-based model versus an on-prem sales model. In addition, we recently introduced Reserve with Google, Eligibility, Essentials, and Eligibility Pro, each of which helps our customers grow their businesses and are well-received. The numbers -- the number of claims processed by our revenue cycle management e-claims business also increased by mid-single-digit percentages compared to last year. In conclusion, the dental -- our dental business has -- is an important proxy -- is an important priority for our BOLD+1 growth strategy and it's in this area that the L in the B-O-L-D is important for leveraging our strong customer relationships across our product portfolio. We are providing integrated solutions that strengthen customer relations, driving software, driving distribution, and driving specialty sales, especially with our large customer segment. For example, we had a number of dental distribution DSOs customers switch their implants to BioHorizons and their technology to Dentrix Ascend and Jarvis Analytics. We have also had multiple successes with customers that have switched to Henry Schein for their merchandise and equipment purchases as a result of our differentiated offering and the excellent value-added services provided by BioHorizons and Henry Schein One. Each of these successes has resulted in the coordination in our go-to-market strategy and accordingly incremental sales. Let me conclude my remarks with a review of our medical group. During the third quarter, we believe we continued to increase market share sequentially compared to the second quarter and again reflecting a similar trend from the beginning of the year as we continue to recover from last year's cyber incident. Our sales reflected less demand for respiratory diagnostic products and flu and COVID vaccines this quarter, and therefore along with related medical products. Sales were also impacted by the ongoing migration to generic alternatives for certain branded injectable pharmaceuticals. We continue to have good growth in our Home Solutions business. So let me now turn the call over to Ron to review our quarter three financial results and our 2024 guidance. Ron, please.
Ronald South: Thank you, Stanley, and good morning, everyone. Turning to our third quarter sales results, I will provide details on total sales, total sales growth as well as LCI sales growth, which is internally generated sales in local currencies compared with the prior year and excludes acquisitions. Global sales were $3.2 billion with sales growth of 0.4% compared with the third quarter of 2023. This reflects 3.2% growth from acquisitions and a 0.2% decrease from foreign currency exchange rates. LCI sales for the quarter decreased 2.6% for the quarter, which includes a 0.4% decrease from lower PPE sales. As Stan noted, our underlying sales for the quarter reflect continued improving sales trends in our distribution businesses. Our GAAP operating margin for the third quarter of 2024 was 4.94%, a 140 basis point decline compared with the prior year GAAP operating margin. On a non-GAAP basis, operating margin for the third quarter was 7.64%, a 45 basis point decline compared with the prior year non-GAAP operating margin. We had good operating income growth in our dental specialties and technology and value-added services businesses, offset by a decrease in our distribution businesses resulting from lower sales following last year's cyber incident. Third-quarter 2024 GAAP net income was $99 million or $0.78 per diluted share. This compares with prior year GAAP net income of $137 million or $1.05 per diluted share. Our third-quarter 2024 non-GAAP net income was $155 million or $1.22 per diluted share. This compares with prior year non-GAAP net income of $173 million or $1.32 per diluted share. Our third quarter GAAP and non-GAAP results include a remeasurement gain resulting from the purchase of a controlling interest of a previously held non-controlling equity investment. This business has performed well since we made our initial investment. And as a result of our decision to take majority ownership, we recognized a remeasurement gain of $19 million pre-tax or $0.11 per diluted share in the quarter. This is similar to a remeasurement gain of $18 million pre-tax or $0.10 per diluted share that we recorded in the second quarter of 2023. We regularly make non-controlling investments in companies with high-growth potential as part of our strategic plan. Leveraging our expertise, we have helped these businesses grow and become more profitable. The foreign currency exchange impact on our third-quarter diluted EPS was unfavorable by approximately $0.01 versus the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter of 2024 was $268 million compared to the third-quarter 2023 adjusted EBITDA of $278 million. Turning to our third quarter sales results. Global dental sales were $1.9 billion with sales decreasing 1.6%. LCI sales decreased 1.6% or 1.0% when excluding PPE sales. Global dental merchandise LCI sales decreased 2.5% versus the prior year with an LCI decline in North America of 4.9% and international LCI sales growth of 0.9%. Note that when excluding PPE products, global dental merchandise LCI sales decreased 1.9%, North America merchandise LCI sales decreased 4.0% and international merchandise LCI sales growth was 1.0%. We believe the overall dental market continues to be generally flat with the shift in sales to lower-cost products and lower PPE pricing. We also believe we had a sequential improvement in market share in the third quarter compared to the second quarter. Our global dental equipment LCI sales increased 1.8% with flat sales in North America and 5.6% growth internationally. We expect modest overall equipment sales growth for the year in both North America and internationally. Dental specialty product sales were approximately $258 million and grew slightly compared to the prior year. As Stan mentioned earlier, this was driven by solid dental implant, biomaterials, and endodontic sales globally, offset by sales weakness in our orthodontic business resulting from restructuring of the business and the transitioning of our Clear Aligner business from Reveal to Smilers, a product developed by Biotech Dental, which we acquired last year. Note that our dental specialty acquisitions that we completed last year have now all annualized as of this quarter. So our total sales growth is equal to internal sales growth. Global technology and value-added services sales during the third quarter were $221 million with total sales growth of 5.1%. The LCI sales decline of 1.1% included a 3.1% decline in North America and 13.4% growth internationally. Our value-added services revenue was bolstered by the LPS acquisition. This is a leading transaction advisory services business that we purchased in August of 2023. The timing of revenues recorded by LPS distorted internal sales growth numbers during the quarter, and we believe that total sales growth of 5.1% for the Technology and Value Added Services segment is most reflective of the growth of the business. For the third quarter, specialty products, technology, and value-added services businesses contributed over 40% of total non-GAAP operating income. Global medical sales during the third quarter were $1.1 billion with sales growth of 2.9% and a decrease in LCI sales of 4.8%. Excluding sales of PPE products, LCI sales decreased 4.6%. As Stan noted, our sales reflected less demand for respiratory diagnostic products and flu and COVID vaccines along with related products. Sales were also impacted by the ongoing migration to generic alternatives for certain branded pharmaceuticals. Our Home Solutions business had strong growth, which was driven by our strategic acquisitions. Restructuring expenses in the third quarter were $48 million or $0.26 per diluted share. This includes $12 million incurred as part of the plan announced in the third quarter of 2022, which was completed on July 31, 2024, and $36 million incurred as part of the 2024-2025 restructuring initiative announced last quarter. These expenses mainly relate to service benefits and costs related to exiting certain facilities. Actions approved in the third quarter under the new initiative are estimated to provide over $50 million in annual run rate savings. And we believe this indicates strong progress towards our goal of $75 million to $100 million in annual run rate savings by the end of 2025. Our third quarter GAAP results include $10 million in pre-tax proceeds as part of our cyber insurance claim, which is excluded from our non-GAAP results. At the end of the quarter, we had already collected $20 million and anticipate collecting most of our $60 million claim by the end of this year. Regarding share repurchases, we repurchased approximately 2 million shares of common stock in the open market during the third quarter at an average price of $69.09 per share for a total of $135 million. We had $455 million authorized and available for future stock repurchases at the end of the quarter. We expect to continue to repurchase shares in the fourth quarter. Turning to our cash flow. We had good operating cash flow of $151 million for the third quarter, which compares with operating cash flow of $231 million last year. Year-to-date, operating cash flow was $644 million, which is $112 million more than last year. Turning to our updated 2024 financial guidance. At this time, we are not able to provide without unreasonable effort an estimate of restructuring costs associated with the new restructuring plan for 2024, although we expect this to primarily include severance pay and facility-related costs. Therefore, we are not providing GAAP guidance. Our 2024 guidance is for current continuing operations as well as acquisitions that have closed and does not include the impact of potential future acquisitions or future share repurchases. The guidance also assumes that foreign currency exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels and the end markets remain consistent with current market conditions. Our 2024 total sales growth is now expected to be 4% to 5% over 2023 compared to prior guidance of 4% to 6% growth. For 2024, we are increasing non-GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. to be in the range of $4.74 to $4.82 compared with prior guidance of $4.70 to $4.82 and reflects growth of 5% to 7% compared with 2023 non-GAAP diluted EPS of $4.50 as a result of better than expected results in the third quarter. This guidance reflects an estimated non-GAAP effective tax rate of 25%. Consistent with prior guidance, we continue to expect our 2024 adjusted EBITDA to grow in the low double-digit percentages versus 2023 adjusted EBITDA of $984 million. We expect adjusted EBITDA to grow faster than non-GAAP diluted EPS because of higher interest expense, a higher effective tax rate, and higher depreciation as a result of the strategic investments we have made to execute on our strategic plan. I will conclude my remarks with some comments on 2025. We plan to issue 2025 guidance as usual on our Q4 earnings call this coming February. As you have heard today, we expect modest improvement in the dental and medical markets next year, and we expect to continue to grow faster than the markets, supported by some of our recent investments, new product launches and focused execution, and continued cyber recovery. We are on target to achieve our restructuring goal and this should help offset headwinds from higher depreciation expense resulting from our global e-commerce platform and additional investments in technology. We expect this e-commerce platform to accelerate growth once fully launched in the United States. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Ron. Operator, we're ready to answer any questions that investors may have.
Operator: Thank you, Stanley. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question. I ask maybe a two-part question. One, can you sort of comment on the overall health of the dental and medical trends as we kind of get through October and into November? And then two, it seems like you have a bunch of one-time items. I think you talked about sort of the generic impact and some other things in medical in the respiratory season. And then in dental, you talked about like DSO pushing some sales into the fourth quarter and some other things. Like how -- like I guess, in terms of how we think about the third-quarter results versus the guidance, if we have some sort of push-outs into the fourth quarter, how do we think of that vis-a-vis the full-year guidance on the revenue side coming down a little bit. Is that just conservatism? Are there other trends that we should think about as we think about the fourth quarter? Any comments there would be very helpful. Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: Elizabeth, I'll give you a few thoughts on the current market, and Ronald will talk about the guidance. He's been working on that with the team. So the market is pretty stable we think. There is a shift on the consumable side, at least in the United States towards lower-priced alternative brands and our own brands. This doesn't really impact our profitability, but it may impact and does impact the sales. We also think the units have gone up in low-single digits. So with lower-single digits and movement of merchandise units to lower-priced alternative brands including national brands and owned brands, you see a stable to slightly reduction in dollar sales in the dental market in the United States. Our October -- having said that, our October merchandise sales trends in our distribution businesses were generally consistent with September of 2024. So it's pretty stable. And having said that, October sales growth in implants and biomaterials are strong, driven by S.I.N., Biotech Dental, and in Europe, of course, our Camlog business. And we are seeing continuing good adoption of the BioHorizons Tapered Pro Conical implant in the U.S. So this is all taken into account by Ron as he works with the team on the guidance. And Ron can give you specifics. But I think we can report a pretty stable market, and from our point of view, we are gaining back market share that we lost during the cyber incident, albeit at a slowish rate, but the rate continues in a positive direction really since the beginning of 2024 and consecutively improving. Of course, you've got to take into account for us, glove sales where there has been a significant reduction in the price of units of gloves. And we think we may be seeing the bottom right now, but we will call that out separately because that's a business where we don't really control the selling price at all. It's a commodity. So, Ron, maybe you want to give some input on how you've worked on the guidance.
Ronald South: Certainly, Stanley. Elizabeth, we took into consideration a lot of the trends that Stanley just articulated in terms of how did we see Q3 ending, how did we see October. Markets are relatively stable. There is a market dynamic out there, perhaps a little bit of a shift to some lower-cost products. With reference to equipment, we did -- as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we do expect perhaps a little bit of a benefit from the timing of DS World in terms of how that will benefit Q4. Having said that, equipment tends to be -- Q4 tends to be the most important quarter for equipment. So all those things were taken into consideration and then ongoing growth that we experienced on the implant side as well for the fourth quarter. So those are all specific factors. On the medical side, we're really closely monitoring what's happening with the timing of the flu season as we did see some softness in the sales of diagnostic kits in the third quarter. And so we've been monitoring some of the information that comes from the CDC and taking that into consideration our guidance. So those are all things that could impact the fourth quarter as we go forward.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jeffrey Johnson: Thank you. Good morning. Ron, maybe just one clarifying question on what you said about 2025 and then one question on EPS this quarter. But on 2025, you talk about maybe some modest margin improvement and expect to gain a bit of share, things like that. The Street sitting at just over 4%, almost 4.5% revenue growth next year, and 11% EPS growth or nearly 11%. Relative to your comments, those both sound a little bit high. And you don't usually comment, I know on the third quarter call about 2025, but you did kind of bring it up and open the door a little bit. It just feels like to me maybe were your comments specifically kind of asking us to sharpen our pencils and maybe bring those two sets of numbers down a little bit for next year. Thanks.
Ronald South: Certainly, Jeff. Well, as you stated, we haven't provided 2025 guidance yet. We are looking at both what's happening in terms of market trends as well as on our own recovery of and gains in market share. And so those are factors that will be taken into consideration when we provide that guidance in February of next year. Beyond that, a lot of this is just what kind of momentum that can we take from Q3 into Q4 and sustain from Q4 into 2025. So we just need to kind of see how the balance of the year plays out and all that will be taken into consideration in the 2025 guidance.
Jeffrey Johnson: All right. And then just on third-quarter EPS itself, you had the $0.11 remeasurement gain in there. Obviously, you had kind of a $0.10 remeasurement gain in 2Q last year. I think the net in 2Q last year was closer to a $0.05 benefit because you also had some of the S.I.N. and Biotech kind of higher-than-normal acquisition costs you called out in that second quarter last year for kind of a netting that to a $0.05 benefit. But if I adjust for both those factors, both the remeasurement this quarter, the net of those factors in 2Q last year, your first-half EPS this year was down about 5% with your core consumables in both medical and dental down 4% to 5%, I think that makes sense. This quarter, if I take the $0.11 out and there wasn't really anything in 3Q last year, I don't believe your EPS would have been down closer to mid-teens year-over-year. So what -- where was that extra 10 points, if you will, of adjusted basis fall-off in earnings growth this quarter versus the first half of the year? That's the one hole I can't plug. Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: I think it's the ongoing recovery of market share in our distribution businesses more than anything else, Jeff. We were pleased with the some -- there's some pockets of very positive news in terms of what we're seeing on equipment, what we're seeing in implants. But I think the ongoing recovery in distribution would be the primary contributor to that gap that you've identified.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Caliendo: Thanks. Thanks. I appreciate you getting me in. The -- Ron, this is sort of a math question here, but how do we think about the restructured savings of $75 million to $100 million by the end of 2025 relative in size and scope to the higher depreciation costs, like do they -- does one offset the other? And I guess, my point is, if we think about those two factors, other than mix, with revenues growing sort of above market next year, is there any reason beyond the restructuring costs versus the depreciation that margin shouldn't improve next year?
Ronald South: Well, we would expect margins to improve. I mean, obviously, the increase in depreciation expense would put some pressure on that. But I do believe the benefits that we gain in lower OpEx from the restructuring actions we are taking that we've already taken in the third quarter that we're taking now in the fourth quarter and that will continue to take throughout 2025 will more than offset the increase in depreciation expense. So we should see some benefit to operating margin as a result of that. Key to that obviously is growth in revenues, especially in the distribution business, given the fixed-cost nature of that operating base. So if we can achieve its ongoing market recovery and distribution, be successful in executing on our restructuring initiatives, we should be able to see some operating margin expansion in 2025. But we need to see what kind of momentum we have -- we can complete this year before we can commit to that.
Kevin Caliendo: And just a quick follow-up. So thinking about the share that was recaptured in 3Q, the magnitude of that, and how it's progressing in 4Q, if you can -- should it -- is it fair to assume that based on where you are now that you still expect to have a tailwind in consumables or share from lapping lower share in the first half of next year, like are you at that point were you feel comfortable that at least for the first-half knowing where you are now that there will be a benefit or is that still relatively insignificant?
Ronald South: Well, yes, by definition, like we've said, we believe that sequentially this year, we have picked up some market share as we recover from the cyber incident from Q1 into Q2 into Q3. And so we do expect that our existing market share when we go into 2025 on the distribution side will be higher than when we went into 2024. Now, as we have stated in previous calls, that pace of recovery has been lighter than we originally expected. So we're still working on what we believe that incremental market share will be as we think through the 2025 results. But yes, by definition, one would expect that market share to be slightly higher.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Block: Thanks, guys, and good morning. Stanley, or Ron, maybe I'll just start pretty big picture. I think in the comments, you said next year, you expect the dental and medical markets to get a bit better and then you think you'll take share of that improvement. The improvement in the end markets, I'd say, has proven to be somewhat elusive over the past handful of quarters. And so maybe you guys can just talk to your conviction there. What is the drivers? Is it a lower interest rate environment that leads to the improvement, notably on equipment? Is it consumer confidence? Is it lower financing on higher ASP procedures? What's really driving your improvement outlook, if you would? And do you expect it to be more acute in either dental and/or medical? Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, John, that's an extremely good question. So let's deal with the easier parts. And the easier parts are dental equipment sales in the United States. I think there is a deep interest in practitioners investing in their practices. They're quite busy. In fact, Ron was telling he's having a problem getting an appointment with his dentist locally. The dentists are busy and they're feeling good about their practices and they do know that if they invest in digital technology they will do better. So the whole area of the clinical workflow, digital devices, tying that into the software, electronic medical record, all of that is moving in a very good direction. Obviously, it's lumpy. This quarter, we had the situation of one of our biggest suppliers of scanners having to show slightly different time to last year. So this is a good market. Yes. If interest rates come down 100 basis points or more I think that could move the needle, 200 basis points even better. So, but there is a conviction to invest. In the units, it seems like on the consumable side, units are positive, but there is this movement towards shopping for lower-priced branded products. And if you can get the same product or similar product, you'll move to a lower-price product. It does impact our margins a little bit, but that's balanced by a movement towards our own brand products, which sell at a higher price. I think the implant market has stabilized, at least from our point of view. The higher end is still challenged but I think from the market that we participate in, which is the value implant side, I think the market is reasonably stable to leaning positively. The outlook in Europe is a little bit better now than it was even a year or so ago, maybe two years ago with the instability with Ukraine, et cetera. I think that sort of calmed down a little bit or at least bottomed out. So Europe is leaning towards a positive. The rest of the world, Australia, New Zealand, for us Brazil, it went down quite a bit, but it's also relatively positive compared to the bottom. So I think it's hard to tell exactly, particularly where the election ends up and how people feel. But I think we've bottomed out to slightly positive on both the consumable side and on the equipment side with a leaning towards positive on the equipment side. And from our point of view, I think, we will continue to do okay with implants, endodontics, and a very small orthodontic business that will start, I think, providing positive growth once we've moved our Smilers brand globally. And so just a smaller side -- on the medical side, at the margin, we're doing okay, but it's very much dependent on two factors. One is flu seasons when they -- do they move from one-way -- one year, one way another, another year, and of course, generics in the area are particularly injectables. And then you've got to take into account the price of gloves either way but factor that out. And I think this will give you more or less a good view of our view of the market. Practitioners are investing in software. We are doing okay on the software side, pretty good, but we've moved from SaaS from on-prem sale to SaaS subscription and that has to be taken into account. So let's sort of an overview of the various markets that we participate in. Home Care is doing well from our point of view. I think in general, it's doing well. And the orthopedic business for us, the new one is also leaning quite nicely because there is a reasonable amount of movement to ambulatory surgical centers, which is where we're doing well.
Jonathan Block: Okay, great. That was very helpful, Stanley. Thanks for that. And then maybe just a quicker follow-up. Implants, impressive North American performance, pretty clear you're taking share. But it's hard to believe that would all be from the Tapered Pro Conical alone, recent introduction. So any more details on the contribution from that offering? And maybe more importantly, is the conical having, call it sort of a halo effect on the overall implant portfolio? Thanks, guys.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. I think it's also a good question. I think our salespeople are feeling confident that the work they've done over the last two, three years, talking to customers about our exciting offering now turns into a reality. And we are seeing customers that are interested in our product, which is a reasonably priced product, high-quality, supported by very good KOLs, and now an expanded market opportunity for us. All of that adds up well and we are talking about the United States. As it relates to Europe, we continue to do very well, particularly in our big market, Germany, likewise in Brazil and France. Then you can have a couple of 100 basis point movement one way or another due to export sales. But generally, the fundamental state of our business in the United States is very, very solid when it comes to BioHorizons and is gaining momentum as a result of the work that the team has done over the last couple of years. And I would think that the appreciation of our product line by DSOs has also helped very nicely. And Europe, Germany, in particular, where we have the big market share, we tend to continue to pick up a little bit of market share each quarter. And then the rest of the world, as I said, it's very much -- it's not that material, but it could move market share one quarter or another depending on exports and depending on how we do in markets like Japan. We do not participate much in Germany, although we have sales for the very low-end, price-wise high-quality product, but -- and then, of course, Brazil and France.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Bednar: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe I want to unpack a bit more from some of the prior questions, just some follow-ups here. Maybe if you wouldn't mind first bifurcating some of the assumptions around the growth performance expectations for 2025. If the market next year is showing modest growth, is it right to think this is mostly volume and pricing is flat or would you characterize the pricing environment as slightly positive or negative as you're seeing manufacturer schedules roll out here for 2025? And then if you also wouldn't mind just commenting on how you've seen -- how you see specialty and non-specialty parts of the market fitting into your overarching comments on the dental market, that'd be great.
Stanley Bergman: So Jason, as a distributor, if we move more towards manufacturers that want to compete a little bit more aggressively and that tends to be the second-tier manufacturers and there is a movement towards own brand, it could impact sales a little bit, all things being equal, but our profits are solid. So we can't tell exactly on the consumable side, but I would imagine that particularly with some of the larger accounts, our suppliers will want to be competitive. As it relates to equipment, specifically in Europe, there is a movement towards high-quality, lower-priced equipment units and that has resulted in good sales for us, margins are not bad. And I think the manufacturers will, all of them really in the end will understand that there has been consumer resistance as a result of the increase in pricing in the post-COVID period. So I think from our point of view, the profitability point of view, I think, we're okay. Obviously, on the distribution side, regaining customers on the -- as a result of the cyber incident is going to continue to be important and we have repositioned our sales force accordingly. Our sales team was very much engaged until a few months ago in making sure that the customers that were impacted by the cyber incident are okay and safely embedded with Henry Schein. Now these smaller periodic customers, we do not spend a lot of time with those customers. Our salespeople are focused on that. Our telesales team has been reorganized to focus on that, more resource put into these smaller accounts that we seem to have had challenges, we did have challenges with -- in the post-cyber incident and that's the focus. And then our website, which was down, had some challenges in regaining customers. I think we've got a lot of very good e-commerce activity going on there, social media-type stuff, and we are recovering. So I think those items are very much going to impact us and we see more or less a continued stable market with us driving our sales in the areas that I've mentioned and of course, focused on high-growth, high-margin businesses that now account for just over 40% of our operating income and another 10% or so percent from our corporate brand, private brand product offering. So it's about half the business that we have to make sure that we continue to grow.
Jason Bednar: Okay. Thanks, Stan. And then just as a follow-up, Ron, you mentioned in the prepared remarks, in the press release having already influenced cost savings of $50 million. Can you give maybe a bit more detail on just where you're seeing these cost savings, maybe outside of the orthodontics business you referenced during your prepared remarks on some of the consolidation or cost efforts on, I think the endodontic business that you fully acquired. Are there other revenue impacts or disruptions we need to think about as we look ahead to 2025 beyond just orthodontic?
Ronald South: No, I would say that, we obviously proceed carefully such that the reductions we make minimize or have very little effect, if any, on revenues. We have -- given the decline in distribution revenues, some of the restructuring initiatives have been in the distribution businesses. We've also -- we have not had quite the revenue growth as originally expected in some of the technology areas, we did do some cost reductions there. But I do think that we are able to continue to invest in new products and we're bullish on 2025 that we can go into 2025 lean and with an opportunity to reinvest in those businesses as necessary. So that would be part of that. I think in terms of other things we're looking at for 2025, as we said back in our Investor Day, we expect dental markets to be growing on normal, say in the 2% to 4% range that 2% next year is probably a closer parameter than 4%. But there is a lot of things that can influence this. Stanley mentioned earlier, the lower interest rates could encourage more investment. We could see more de novos. An expansion of the supply of dentistry would be very beneficial for us. So we can see some increased investment in the build-out of practices, we think that would be something that would influence the number more than anything else in 2025.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of John Stansel with J.P. Morgan Chase. Please proceed with your question.
John Stansel: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just want to get a sense of intra-quarter trends within medical. And beyond that, how you're seeing your different end-markets, the ASCs, doctor's offices, IDNs, how they're behaving both from customer and competitor perspective, and what you're seeing just generally in the competitive balance for medical right now?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. So if you look at the medical market for Henry Schein, you put aside the ups and downs of the flu season, whether it's vaccines, COVID, and general flu vaccine, those may shift up or down slightly and from one quarter to another and you ex-out the impact of respiratory challenges, are people worried about that? Are they going to doctor more or less? You take that out. The business is pretty stable. We are recovering from the cyber incident. We did lose some customers, specifically lost some to drug wholesalers. And I think the customers in our sector understand that we provide a very different service and they're coming back. So that's the core distribution business, which I think will -- if you ex-out these respiratory and flu challenges and you take out the glove ups and downs, it's a pretty stable business with us growing market share as a result of the recovery. Then you add to that, not material in terms of sales, the progress we're making on the orthopedic side, which is pretty good. That business is doing well, both the recent acquisition of the orthopedic -- of the extremities product offering and our source of and blades business, not so much in sales, but in profits, it's very good. The Home Care business is doing well. You are seeing -- we're not seeing local currency growth yet, but I think that annualizes, Ron...
Ronald South: In the middle of the fourth quarter, yes.
Stanley Bergman: In the middle of the fourth quarter. So that's pretty good. And the movement to ASC is pretty good. There was some encouraging news. We just got that reimbursement for foot and ankle and procedures undertaken in the ASC is going to be going up. And I think the medical business is a very efficient business, a great sales organization, extremely well-managed also dental, by the way. And I think you can expect continued momentum and decent margin improvements. I can't give you the exact quarter where all this is going to happen, but the trend is very good and the business is quite stable. We still have to get back some of that pharmaceutical distribution that went to the drug wholesales, but I think our team will get that back because our service is very unique.
John Stansel: Great. And then just one quick one. On the technology business [indiscernible] value-added services in particular here, called out that the difference between LCI and reported revenue is more -- I want to say, cosmetic in a way that the better to look at the reported revenue side. Can you just kind of walk through the dynamic that is playing out there and why the headwind from -- I think value-added services is causing a problem here?
Ronald South: Yes, I'll try to give you my -- as concise of an explanation on that as I can. The transaction we did last year of LPS was completed effective either July 31st to August 1. So we had one month of acquisition activity or acquisition growth from LPS versus two months of internal growth from LPS and they had a very good July. So the revenues in that month are a factor in our acquisition growth as opposed to our internal growth. So had we spread those revenues out over the course of the quarter, we think that it would have -- the total sales growth would be more reflective of what we expect of that segment going forward. But the nature of that business is it can be very lumpy. It's not a recurring customer base. It's a series of transactions and the timing of those transactions can make for some unusual math. But now that the transaction has annualized, it will be part of our internal sales growth going forward.
Stanley Bergman: And Ron, thank you. And you would need to also ensure that you've taken into account the movement from on-prem sales to the SaaS model where it's a monthly subscription, but the units are doing quite well in our cloud-based system both in the United States, which is our big market and our international business. So the business is quite good and it's growing.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Brandon Vazquez with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Vazquez: Hey, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Since we're bumping at the end here, I'll throw two together. The first one is, Stan, you had made some comments about some dental manufacturers wanting to -- I think the phrase you're using is compete a little bit more maybe that trend impacting you guys going into 2025. Just curious if you could elaborate on that. I'm not sure is that new or is that something that you guys have always dealt with. So just any comments around that? And the second follow-up question is just any color you can give us on specifically what's happening within the restructuring in that Clear Aligner business, that would be helpful too. Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: We've been mentioning in our calls now, I can't remember three or four quarters now that consumers are of dental products, and I guess, consumers in general are looking at quality of the product versus price, the value, and that they can see a better value in something else rather than necessarily a national brand, they're going to go in that direction. That has been, of course, a driver in our own brands. Now not every large manufacturer is ignoring this trend. Many are dealing with it, but there are some that took their prices up quite high and there's been price resistance. And we've said this for a while. And not only in the consumables but on the equipment side, specifically on the equipment side in Europe. So I think this is going to adjust itself. We certainly have mentioned this to our manufacturing partners, they understand this. And remember, we are committed to national brands, but we need to ensure that the national brands we represent are competitive in the eyes of our customers. I think this will adjust. I don't think this trend will go on for a long time, but it's certainly magnified this quarter and in actually the last couple of quarters. Ron, on restructuring?
Ronald South: Yes. Certainly, with reference to the orthodontics question, yes, so we are transitioning our Clear Aligner products in the U.S. and the European markets from Reveal to Smilers and we're doing that over a period of time. We also saw it as an opportunity to -- as opposed to our orthodontics business, we -- quite frankly, we just weren't getting to a scale with that business to justify the infrastructure we had there. And so we're able to leverage our existing distribution infrastructure more so and reduce some costs, some operating costs within that business as we transition. And at the end of the day, when you bump up Reveal the Smilers, we saw Smilers as a better product and it given the size of the business, it likely didn't make sense for us to have the two brands and so we are transitioning to Smilers as a result.
Stanley Bergman: It will take a couple of quarters to smooth this out but the Reveal product is a very good product but the Smilers brand has additional software with Nemotec backing it up and wherever we've tested it seems to have gone quite well, has gone well. So, operator, I think we're near the end. I want to thank everybody.
Graham Stanley: We do have one more.
Stanley Bergman: Oh, we have one more question. Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Operator: No problem. We have time for one last question coming from the line of Mike Petusky with Barrington Research. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Petusky: Hey, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. Understanding this is not a call where you're talking about 2025 a lot, but I'm just curious if 2025 in terms of capital allocation will -- in terms of what you think now. I mean, is that going to look more like 2024 in terms of M&A, share repurchase, internal investment, sort of the relative ways you guys sort of made decisions around those or could that look more like the 2022, 2023 timeframe where external investment was a little bit heavier? Thanks.
Ronald South: Yes. Mike, my expectation is, it will be more in line with the historical run rate that you saw kind of going into that 2022, 2023 period, which is typically share repurchases have been in that $300 million to $400 million range. M&A was in that $300 million to $400 million range. There also could be some opportunity as we've been very pleased with the positive cash flow that we may be able to pay down debt a little faster depending on where we think we get the really the best accretion for that capital outlay. But I would expect it to be more in line with those historical trends. Having said that, as you know, we are -- we remain with an opportunistic approach on M&A. And if the right type of transaction becomes available to us that we think is fundamental to our strategy and to growth of the business, it was something that we would not exclude the notion of doing that transaction.
Michael Petusky: Okay. Great. And a quick follow-up, just in terms of potential M&A, whether it's in 2025 or beyond, you guys have made some positive comments about Home Solutions and obviously have built that business up, but I know you want to scale it further. Can you just talk about where assets in the Home Solutions space would sort of rank in terms of M&A priorities? Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. That is an area that we expect to continue investing in. I don't think we need to make huge investments, but we need to make investments that expand our offering nationally in the United States and give us access to our contracts. But I don't think this is a need to spend a huge amount of money. It's rather an opportunity to add to our platform and fill it out in areas where we don't necessarily have the delivery capabilities, although we are going to leverage the Henry Schein infrastructure for delivery in certain parts of the country, but also accessing certain insurance contracts that may enable us to position a faster growth rate. We've put in place an outstanding team in this area through the acquisitions and through recruiting that we've undertaken over the last couple of years and this business -- that both the demographics and the fundamentals, the operations of the business are very, very sound and we're very excited about. So we thank you for calling. We're five minutes over, sorry about that. As you can tell, we feel very good about the business. We're performing quite well throughout the business. We believe that we will continue to steadily gain back our market share in the distribution businesses, the ones that were challenged by the cyber incident. We believe that our high-growth, high-margin products, and services businesses are all going in the right direction. Of course, there is a small endodontic business that we are restructuring, but if you take that out, the implants in the bone regeneration, endodontic businesses are positive. The ingredients in our value-added service businesses are all working in a nice direction and should result in stickiness with our core customers. And we are sunsetting our 2022 to 2024 strategic plan. If you ex-out the cyber incident, I think we've done pretty good on delivering on our plans, ideas, tactics. And we will discuss on the next call our 2025 to 2027 strategic plan. We don't expect to change anything in a significant way, but to emphasize certain areas that we think are an opportunity or -- and we'll articulate that to you. And capital deployment is, as Ron said, expected to be very similar to this year. We never know there may be an opportunity and the cash flow we'll use to invest as in the historical past in some acquisitions, buying back, supply some minority interest in our current portfolio of investments, and of course, buying back stock. We have over $300 million still to spend in that area. So with that in mind, I wish everybody a good and safe holiday season and we'll be back early next year and remain quite optimistic. The team is working extremely well. The restructuring has been understood by the team very well and nothing that we haven't done in the past. We treat our people very well and that's appreciated. So thank you all for your interest and that's it. Graham and Ron?
Graham Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Henry Schein's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Graham Stanley, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Financial Project Officer. Please go ahead, Graham.
Graham Stanley: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's financial results for the second quarter of 2024. With me on today's call are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Ron South, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to state that certain comments made during this call include information that is forward-looking. Risks and uncertainties involved in the Company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements and the Company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and included in the Risk Factors section of those filings. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the Company's internal analyses and estimates. Today's remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of the business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures are included in Exhibit B of today's press release and can be found in the Financials and Filings section of our Investor Relations website under the Supplemental Information heading and in our quarterly earnings presentation, also posted on our Investor Relations website. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast of August 6, 2024. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Lastly, join today's Q&A session, please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Good morning, and thank you, Graham. Thank you all for joining us today. We delivered solid second quarter financial results, including strong operating cash flow, that reflected stable end markets. Gross margin has continued to increase, driven by our strategies to expand our high growth, high margin products and services and by the successful performance of our recent acquisitions. We are experiencing improving sales trends in our distribution businesses. However, the pace of recovery since the cyber incident last year has been slower than anticipated. Now, given the challenging economic environment, which we'll talk about a little bit later, in certain markets as well as this delay in cyber incident recovery, we are updating our '24 full-year financial guidance. We remain committed to our long-term financial goals through our advancement of the BOLD+1 strategic plan, which has stood us well, supported by a strong balance sheet and new restructuring plan. As we continue to generate synergies by connecting our distribution businesses, specialty products and technology and value-added services, we continue to see great symbiotic relationships between our various businesses. We are also announcing a restructuring plan to integrate recent acquisitions and right-size operations, and further increase efficiencies, targeting somewhere between $75 million to $100 million annual savings. We are comfortable that we will continue after this restructuring plan is put in-place with improving operating margins. And we are increasing at the same time our repurchase authorization, following recent Board approval, an additional $500 million, as we expect to leverage the strong cash flow we have. So, let me turn to the various business units, dental distribution to start with. In North America, patient traffic was generally flat with the prior quarter, with unemployment rates and dental insurance coverage generally remaining consistent with prior periods. We are experiencing improving sales trends in our dental distribution businesses and we believe we gained market share in the quarter, as we strengthened focus on gaining back episodic customers following the cyber incident. However, the pace of recovery since the cyber incident late last year has been slower than anticipated. We reported year-over-year decline in merchandise sales, which reflects the pace of recovery and, of course, lower sales of PPE products, which are primarily the result of lower glove pricing. Membership in the THRIVE Signature program continued to increase, with nearly 1,500 new members added in the second quarter, bringing the total membership to approximately 6,000 U.S. dental practices. This subscription-based program drives customer loyalty and has been very good, again in driving stickiness to our various businesses, whether it's distribution, specialty products, or, for that matter, specialty services. We were pleased with our North American dental equipment sales growth. This reflected positive trends across the board, traditional equipment, digital imaging, CAD/CAM, and products and services. We achieved modest growth in international dental merchandise sales, driven by good growth in the DACH countries and in Brazil. International dental equipment sales were impacted by a decrease in sales in France, as a result of changes in the DSO legislation, a generally slow economic -- generally slow equipment market in Italy and the expiration of tax incentives last year in Australia, with other markets generally in-line with last year. Given demographic trends, we expect patient demand to outpace the supply of dental services, we've seen this for a while, and for this to drive further efficiency need in the dental practices, which we expect to be a positive driver in the growth of our dental businesses, all fitting in the goal for the BOLD+1 strategic plan. Now, let's take a look at dental specialties. Shifting to our dental specialties business, sales growth in the quarter was generally consistent with the pace of growth in the first quarter, as acquisitions and our organic growth in Europe were offset by lower sales in North America. In Europe, sales of dental implant products posted solid growth as we continued to gain market share with our broad and highly competitive offering. Within North America, we received FDA approval to launch the bone-level Tapered Pro Conical implant in mid-June. This was a bit later than we expected, and we believe this timing impacted the quarter two sales growth, as some customers held back on purchases, deferred them in anticipation of the launch of this important new product. We expect dental implant sales growth in North America to resume in the third quarter, aided by this new product line. As a reminder, the Tapered Pro Conical positions us to provide an innovative, highly competitive offering for the half of the U.S. dental implant market we weren't previously addressing. The initial feedback we are receiving from customers is quite positive. And we look forward to reporting on our progress in future calls. Our endodontic business continued to grow, aided by small acquisition we made in Latin America. The focus for orthodontics last quarter was the launch of the Biotech Smiler clear aligner into the U.S. market. Again, our orthodontic business is very, very small relative to the entire specialty business. Now, it's important for our investors to understand we continue to align our dental sales teams, successfully deepening our penetration of the DSO segment last quarter across our specialties. It's the distribution side working in concert with the specialty businesses and the value-added services that are creating great value for our customers, and, in turn, for the profitability of Henry Schein. So, now let's turn to the technology and value-added services and Henry Schein One, which is our dental software business. The customer base for our Dentrix-Ascend and Dentally cloud-based solutions continues to grow during the second quarter and was up more than 25% year-over-year, with now worldwide installations exceeding 8,000. What I think is important to understand is when we -- in the past, when we sold software, we recognized sale on-prem software right away. We are switching rapidly to cloud-based solutions which are highly profitable in the long run and retention rate is great, but you don't recognize the full sale at the time -- the full revenue at the time of the sale. These cloud-based practice management software products are both the cornerstone of Henry Schein One, and at the same time, a powerful enabler of additional product sales and equipment merchandise at the Henry Schein level as well as driving specialty products through the Nemotech Software that is now being advanced in sales. The number of claims processed by our revenue cycle management e-claims business increased by single-digit percentages versus the prior year. Now, this is despite the Change Healthcare cyber incident. Under normal circumstances, we would have expected a greater growth. But the Change Healthcare cyber incident has slowed us down. We are servicing our customers. There's no interruption from that point of view. But there is some impact on the cash collection of our customers, because Change did process the actual payment. We process through Change the claims processing. We found an alternative source, but the actual check or electronic transfer to the customer, the funds, is still going through Change. Some dental practices are therefore facing cash flow challenges due to reimbursement delays. And we believe this continued to temporarily impact demand for certain software products, and we think a little bit also on the equipment side. This is, we believe, a temporary cash flow issue, which will get resolved, that never impacted -- didn't really impact our collections of our receivables, but it is a bit of a challenge to some practices that are not getting their checks as frequently as they were. The claims are being processed. The collaboration between Henry Schein One and our distribution and specialty products businesses supports highly integrated solutions, enables deeper customer relationships and multiple touch-points between Henry Schein and our dental customers, which helps drive growth as I mentioned early on, and this is especially the case for the DSO segment, although as we move towards our 2025 strategic plan, we will drive the synergy down into the smaller accounts. Many of our high-quality leads for Dentrix products and services are generated by the U.S. dental field sales representatives. And by the way, this is the case not only in the U.S., but in Canada and in all the markets abroad where Henry Schein One operates. Here are a few further examples of the integration. Nemotech, the specialty software, that was developed by Biotech in France is now integrated with our Dentrix practice management software in the U.S., providing, as we discussed during our Investor Day, the integrated three click digital workflow software for implants and orthodontics. This is being recognized by some of the big DSOs as very, very important. We have implementation with some of the big DSOs and we expect this to advance further, advancing Henry Schein's strength and connectivity to these DSOs. And, again, we'll, over time, advance the smaller practices. We also expanded our solutions offering by pairing Dentrix Detect AI, that's our the AI system -- clinical AI system we sell powered by VideaHealth, and Caries Detection Solution, with a terrific power product Curodont, an early caries treatment product. We're also having early success with the recent launch of Reserve with Google. All of these are being well received by the more sophisticated larger DSOs. And we will -- we are quite optimistic that the Videa-Curodont solution will become standard of care over time in many practices. So, these are some of the examples of the unique strength of our combined platform. And we continue to unlock benefits and value from the inter-connectivity -- the interconnectedness across our business, all of this is contained in our strategic plan thinking. Let me just now quickly return to -- now quickly turn to our medical group. Second quarter sales also reflect the slower than anticipation pace of recovery from the cyber incident. In addition, sales were impacted by ongoing migration to generic alternatives for certain branded pharmaceuticals, in particular, in the ejectable area where -- injectable area where we have very strong market presence. Of course, there was a decline in sales of PPE products, yes, all primarily result of lower pricing club pricing. As with dental distribution business, we continue to win back episodic medical customers, and in particular, large accounts that move from -- move their prescription drug business to other distributors, primarily the drug distributors. Once the customers understand our unique logistics capabilities, they are moving back. It takes time. They may enter into commitments. And I think, although this is slower than anticipated, we will get these customers back. Excluding the impact of point of care diagnostic tests, which were impacted by flu seasonality. So, the quarterly sequence of the flu diagnostic testing moving from one quarter to another did have an impact on the quarter. But sequentially, medical sales growth is improving. Our home solutions business again performed well, with sales up double-digit percentage during the quarter, led by the Shield Healthcare and Prism Medical businesses. We're particularly pleased with Shield. It's being well received since we acquired the majority interest in last October. So, although our overall home care sales volumes are still relatively modest, this is a strategically important market for us. And together with the movement of procedures to the ASC, the Ambulatory Surgical Center, represents enormous growth opportunity for Henry Schein. So, let me conclude my remarks -- my opening remarks, before Ron takes over with the specific math. We believe -- excuse me, we believe we delivered solid second quarter financial results, again, including strong operating cash flow. And although in the short-term, we expect our results to be impacted by the challenging economic environment in certain markets, we have, in dentistry, experienced these kinds of ups and downs over the years. This one seems to be a little bit more of a challenge. And, of course, the anticipated recovery from the cyber incident has been slower, but consistent. Every month, we get a little bit better. So, we remain bullish about the prospects for the business in general. Of course, we'll get into more details. But before we get into answering questions, let me ask Ron to discuss our quarterly financial results and the '24 guidance with a little bit greater detail. So, thank you, everyone. Ron, please.
Ronald South: Thank you, Stanley, and good morning, everyone. As we begin, I'd like to point out that I will be discussing our results as reported on a GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis. All items excluded from our second quarter non-GAAP financial results for 2024 and 2023 are detailed in Exhibit B of today's press release. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP income statement is also available in our quarterly earnings presentation on our website. With respect to sales, I will provide details on total sales, total sales growth as well as LCI sales growth, which is internally generated sales in local currencies compared with the prior year and excludes acquisitions. Turning to our second quarter results. Global sales were $3.1 billion, with sales growth of 1.1%. This reflects 4.0% sales growth from acquisitions, a 0.5% sales decrease resulting from foreign exchange rates, a 0.5% sales decrease from lower sales of PPE, which is primarily the result of lower glove pricing and the pace of recovery from the cyber incident late last year. LCI sales for the quarter decreased 2.4%, which includes a 0.5% decrease from lower PPE sales. As noted by Stan, our underlying sales growth for the quarter reflects improving sales trends in our distribution businesses. However, the pace of recovery in these businesses since the cyber incident late last year has been slower than anticipated. Our GAAP operating margin for the second quarter of 2024 was 5.09%, a 137 basis point decline compared to the prior year GAAP operating margin. On a non-GAAP basis, operating margin for the second quarter was 7.75%, a 41 basis point decline compared to the prior year non-GAAP operating margin. Consistent with our BOLD+1 strategic plan, gross margin expanded by 101 basis points, primarily due to a greater contribution from high growth, high margin products and services. Operating expenses were higher as a percentage of sales, primarily due to recent acquisitions and lower sales at our distribution businesses. Second quarter 2024 GAAP net income was $104 million, or $0.80 per diluted share. This compares with prior year GAAP net income of $140 million or $1.06 per diluted share. Our second quarter 2024 non-GAAP net income was $158 million or $1.23 per diluted share. This compares with prior year non-GAAP net income of $173 million or $1.31 per diluted share. The foreign currency exchange impact on our second quarter diluted EPS was unfavorable by approximately $0.01 versus the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter of 2024 was $268 million compared with the second quarter 2023 adjusted EBITDA of $279 million, with EBITDA growth expected to accelerate in the second half of the year. Turning to our second quarter sales results. Global dental sales were $1.9 billion, with sales decreasing 1.7%. LCI sales decreased 2.1% or 1.7% when excluding PPE sales. Global dental merchandise LCI sales decreased 2.6% versus the prior year, as the pace of our recovery in merchandise sales following last year's cyber incident is taking longer than anticipated. Regarding dental equipment, although our global LCI sales decreased 0.4%, our North American equipment LCI sales grew 2.9%, with solid growth in our traditional equipment category, digital imaging, CAD/CAM, as well as our parts and service business. Overall, digital equipment sales were up slightly from the prior year. Our international equipment LCI sales decreased 5.5%. And as Stan noted earlier, this was the result of sales decreases in France, Italy and Australia, with sales in other markets in line with last year. Changes in French legislation limiting DSOs negatively impacted equipment investment in France, while the overall equipment market in Italy was slow. In addition, the end of tax incentives last year in Australia and the U.K. provide a difficult year-on-year comparisons in these markets. We expect modest overall equipment sales growth for the remainder of the year in both North America and internationally. Dental specialty product sales were approximately $279 million, with growth of 7.2% driven by strong dental implant and biomaterial sales in Europe as well as endodontics sales globally. Global technology and value-added services sales during the second quarter were $214 million, with total sales growth of 10.8%. LCI sales growth of 3.9% included 2.9% LCI sales growth in North America and 10.5% LCI sales growth internationally. In North America, while sales growth is still recovering from the Change Healthcare disruption, we have solid growth in our value-added services, revenue cycle management and Dentrix-Ascend practice management businesses. International growth was driven by our Dentally cloud-based solution. Global medical sales during the second quarter were $1.0 billion, with sales growth of 5.0%, and LCI sales decreased 4.3%, reflecting the slower pace of recovery from the cyber incident as well as lower PPE sales as a result of lower glove pricing and ongoing migration to generic alternatives for certain branded pharmaceuticals. Excluding PPE sales, LCI sales decreased 3.6%. Our home solutions business had strong growth driven by recent acquisitions. As Stan noted, we also benefited the first quarter this year from strong point of care diagnostic test sales driven by flu seasonality. Regarding stock buybacks, we repurchased approximately 1.4 million shares of common stock in the open market during the second quarter, buying at an average price of $70.64 per share for a total of approximately $100 million. We had approximately $90 million authorized and available for future stock repurchases at the end of the quarter. An additional $500 million of share repurchases was authorized by our Board of Directors on July 31. We expect to repurchase approximately $175 million in shares in the second half of this year, with this new authorization provides us the flexibility to repurchase more. Turning to our cash flow, we have strong operating cash flow of $296 million for the second quarter, which exceeded operating cash flow of $274 million last year. Year-to-date operating cash flow was $493 million, driven by lower working capital and $192 million more than last year. Restructuring expenses in the second quarter were $15 million, or $0.08 per diluted share and were incurred as part of our previously disclosed restructuring initiative. That specific initiative was completed on July 31, 2024, and these expenses mainly related to severance benefits and costs related to exiting certain facilities. As Stan mentioned, we also announced today a new restructuring initiative that we expect to continue over the next 18 months, targeting $75 million to $100 million in annual run rate savings. Our second quarter GAAP results include $10 million in pre-tax proceeds as part of our cyber insurance claim. As we have previously mentioned, this policy has a $60 million claim limit on after-tax losses, with a $5 million retention. We expect to continue to receive payments over time. The $10 million of proceeds received in the second quarter is not included in our non-GAAP results and is detailed along with other non-GAAP adjustments in Exhibit B of today's press release. I'll conclude my remarks with our updated 2024 financial guidance. At this time, we are not yet able to provide without unreasonable efforts an estimate of the restructuring costs associated with the new restructuring plan for 2024, although we expect this to primarily include severance pay and facility-related costs. Therefore, we are not providing GAAP guidance. Our 2024 guidance is for continuing operations as well as acquisitions that have closed and does not include the impact of potential future acquisitions. Guidance also assumes that foreign currency exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels and that end markets remain consistent with current market conditions. Our 2024 total sales growth is now expected to be 4% to 6% over 2023 versus our previous guidance of 8% to 10% growth. The previous guidance anticipated a stronger economy as well as a faster recovery from the cyber incident. This sales guidance also includes sales from the acquisitions we have completed to date. For 2024, we now expect non-GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. to be in the range of $4.70 to $4.82, which compares with previous guidance of $5.00 even to $5.16 and reflects growth of 4% to 7% compared to 2023 non-GAAP diluted EPS of $4.50. This guidance reflects an estimated non-GAAP effective tax rate of 25%. As a result of the timing of implementing our restructuring plans, we expect year-over-year growth in diluted EPS to be higher in the fourth quarter than in the third quarter. Our 2024 adjusted EBITDA is expected to grow in the low-double-digit percentages versus 2023 adjusted EBITDA of $984 million and compares with prior guidance of more than 15% growth. We expect adjusted EBITDA to grow faster than non-GAAP diluted EPS because of higher interest expense, a higher effective tax rate, and higher depreciation as a result of the investments we have made to execute on our strategic plan. Through the second quarter, our specialties products, technology and value-added services contributed to 38.5% of total non-GAAP operating income. We continue to believe that we will achieve our goal of exceeding 40% operating income contribution from these products and services for the full year. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Ron. So, as we lead into the Q&A, I want to reiterate, we are confident in the prospects for our business, even in the face of challenging economic conditions. Although, we do believe markets are stable and that we can continue to gain market share through the recovery from the cyber incident, which is going in the good -- in a direction, but not as fast as we expected when we gave last guidance a quarter ago. And we also are comfortable that we will benefit from the trends in increased specialty procedures. I think we've rounded out the implant offering we have. We had a big gap. We've got that in-place in the United States, and in Canada soon. And we're also confident that the movement of medical procedures to alternate care settings will continue. We are generating good synergies connecting our distribution businesses, specialty products and technology and value-added services. While we focus on these opportunities, we're also taking action to increase shareholder value, as we've noted in the restructuring plan. We need to right-size the restructuring plan. The sales have not grown as rapidly as we thought. Some of that is attributable to the fact that inflation does not exist at the moment. We believe in our markets, very moderate, and may actually be going down slightly, as our customers are more price-conscious and moving to some alternative brands and owned brands. But we think from a gross profit point of view, this will be fine, in fact, maybe slightly accretive. And, of course, we will continue to buy stock. We anticipate spending the $500 million. And so, with that in mind, please, let's answer some questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Block: Thanks, guys, and good morning. Maybe I'll just stick to the same topic. Ron, the 2024 sales growth expectation is now 5% at the midpoint, down from 9%. So, I think we're looking at roughly $0.5 billion of a step-down. Maybe you can just talk about what of that is coming from, call it, the more conservative approach to your distributor recapture versus that of the slower economy, that you also allude to in the press release. And I'll just stop there, and then I'll ask my follow-up on the same topic.
Stanley Bergman: Jon, thank you for that question. Let's start with Ron giving you the basics, and I'm happy to fill-in further.
Ronald South: Certainly. Hi, Jon. The -- from midpoint to midpoint, we came down 4 points, right, but it is -- the math works to approximately what you have enumerated. If you -- going back and thinking about our original guidance and our -- even our amended guidance on sales from the first quarter, our Investor Day assumption go back 1.5 years ago was that long-term growth for dental was about 2% to 4% in terms of market growth. And our assumption this year was at the low-end of that range. And, of course, part of that growth would be coming from anticipated price increases as well. As we've progressed through the year, our view has shifted to more flat year-over-year market growth, which still reflects stable patient traffic environment. And I think others in the industry have even indicated flat to negative growth in the market, right? As the pricing itself has also remained fairly flat to the prior year and we see customers are frequently moving to some lower cost options, including our own corporate brand in some cases, which in general is positive for us from a gross profit perspective. Those conditions, and you couple it with the Company specific challenge of recovering from the cyber incident, which have been delayed, but are still showing sequential growth quarter to quarter, are the primary drivers to the reduction in our sales guidance, right? So, the fundamentals of the business remain intact. We believe we are once again gaining market share, working our way back to pre-incident market share and we expect that to continue over the balance of the year.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Ron. I think you've covered it quite well, actually. If there are any specifics, Jon, or anyone has with respect to any particular market, any particular sector, I think we could answer that. But that's the broad overview. Thank you, Ron.
Jon Block: Okay. And just as a follow-up or tack on to that to push you guys a little bit. You talked about the recapture being slower than you would anticipated so far. But you still expect to get this business back. And, I guess, my question is, like, why? Why do you still expect to get that business back? Here we are, almost nine months, 10 months post-cybersecurity incident. I would think it's like a hot lead and either you get them back with incentives, or they might move, especially, if they're episodic to a different platform that they're somewhat content with. So, maybe you can talk about your conviction on getting those customers back and the strategy to do so? And thanks for your time.
Stanley Bergman: So, Jon, that is a very important question. I'm glad you did ask it. Look, our sequential month-over-month reduction of the gap has been quite good. It's going slower. We need to get our field sales force visiting again with smaller customers. They've been focused on the big ones, and that's been pretty good. They need to focus on the smaller ones. And we need to kick our tele sales team back into full action. They had a deal with the fall-out of the cyber incident. There were many issues that had get resolved. Yes, customers were okay, in the end that we resolved it. But our call centers have been very busy. And only in the last couple of the months, actually the last six or so weeks, are they doing outbound calls. So, we are well received. I just happen -- we happen to have an opening of our new distribution business in Texas, and I was with some of our FSCs, our field sales consultants, who had been -- who -- many of them have gone back now for the first time into the smaller accounts and they reported that the customers are very happy to see them. They just wondered why they were not there in the last couple of months. They were not there because people were focused on dealing with the larger customers and the customers that are the better customers, where they buy a bigger market wallet from us. So, we are confident that over time, we will continue to gain market share. We are gaining market share from where we left off at the end of '23. It's going to be hard to split exactly what's market share growth because of general market share growth, effectiveness of the sales force and what's the result of the recovery. But I think overall, we're confident that we'll be able to continue to gain market share. And the question is exactly at what pace? We've given you guidance of what we expect. And that's really the key facts. I mean, there's nothing more we can add to that. We have a pretty good track record, and we expect to deliver. Will we be off a couple of quarters, one way or the other? Hard to give you the exact number. But I think you're asking a very important question.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Bednar: Hi, good morning, everyone. A lot, definitely, we could cover here in the second quarter, the balance of '24. But I actually want to fast forward a bit to 2025. And apologies up front, I'm going to pack a few in here. We've got a lot of moving parts here this year. The story, though, should be a little cleaner exiting this year, as we'll have lapped the cybersecurity impacts and the PPE headwinds. Where do you see organic growth for the business once we emerge from all the noise? What's the right underlying growth rate and the margin profile we should be using as a jumping off point as we start thinking about 2025? And then, within all of that, can you give us a bit of color as to the phasing of the savings assumed in the restructuring program? It sounds like some of that's coming here in the fourth quarter of '24, some of the benefit. But how much of that should we expect to see in the fourth quarter versus the contribution in 2025?
Stanley Bergman: Jason, again, let Ron give you some thoughts on specifics that have been baked in to the extent we can give you that information baked into our assumptions. But in general, we believe the consumable market in the United States and Canada is relatively stable. Yes, there's been a shift, I think, to more price-conscious opportunities. I don't think that necessarily impacts our gross profit. It may depress our sales slightly. And we believe we can gain market share on the pure distribution of products. Adding to the profitability, I think, continues to be our specialty businesses, in particular, implants, bone regeneration, that's material. And we think we are well-positioned globally in that area. We don't really have exposure to China. We're selling very little there. There's going to be ups and downs there, Asia generally. But the market that we're the strongest in is the DACH region in Europe, and I think we're very well-positioned. We are, I think, well-positioned in the United States, specifically with the implant dentist that is looking for high value, but a branded product. We are hopeful and expect that as the year goes by, this year, we will be able to get some market share in that area. I think, the endodontics not as big as implants, continues to move in a positive direction. And the medical business, yes, there have been some anomalies there, the pharma side, the whole point of care switching between one quarter and another. But I think the movement to the alternate care side, the Ambulatory Surgical Center, the home care, those are all positive, good ways in which for us to sell our own brands. And I think we will recover in that area. We've done okay with the large customers. The smaller ones, the same as I noted in response to Jon's question, we just have to get our sales force in front of more of those smaller customers, our tele sales group, our e-commerce group. I think equipment continues to be an area that we're quite optimistic about in the United States. We did have relatively good equipment growth. There was an anomaly with scanners because of a big sale last year. But generally, we're in positive territory. I think we're gaining market share. We have some challenges on equipment abroad. We have a big market share in France. There has been a bit of an impact there on some legislation. Italy is not so great. Australia will -- we had a challenge this quarter because of some tax benefits that lapsed. I think, as the year goes by, into '25, we will do well in that market. And then, generally, I think, in the equipment market, we'll be okay, we'll grow. There is, I might add, though, a view on pricing. Dentists are looking at value. I think some of the manufacturers have understood this, others are adjusting. But the average unit price may come down slightly, but I think the profit will be fine, specifically, as our clinical workflow initiatives kick in. And on the Henry Schein One side and the value-added services side, I think, those are all going to be contributors to profitability this year and more in '25. So, Ron, I don't know if you have anything that you can share from a macro point of view in your guidance formulation.
Ronald South: Yes, Jason, I will say, too, you were kind of talking about balance of year and then kind of going into '25. We have announced a new restructuring initiative. We do expect, as you inferred, that we will get some benefits this year. I mean, that -- we can take some immediate actions that will provide some short-term benefits for us, as -- in this quarter as well as next quarter. There will be, I'll call them kind of other more complex actions that I think will take us over the course of 2025 to complete. I think it's important to note that as we -- we've done a lot of building under the B of our BOLD+1 strategy in the last year or so, 1.5 years, and there's going to be some integration opportunities there. And something that might fly under the radar a little bit this year is that we've also invested this year a little over $200 million in buying out shareholder partners in certain subsidiaries where we had a minority partner. And this kind of increased ownership also provides us with very good opportunities to combine certain operations, further leverage our One China approach with customers. And so, but those, as you can appreciate, are a little more complex, not the kind of thing you can do overnight. So, those will likely spill into '25 for some time. But that's the -- that's part of the plan, and that's -- and we've baked that into the balance of the guidance what we think we can achieve this year. And then, when we provide '25 guidance, we'll be able to address that.
Jason Bednar: Okay. All right. That's helpful. As a follow-up, I want to shift gears a little bit and discuss what came up on a conference call last week from one of your manufactured partners. I'm sure you've anticipated this question. But just wanted to see if you can discuss what your position is with respect to the relationship with your manufacturing partners and maybe address the status of your particular agreement with Dentsply Sirona? When specifically if you can share it as your contract come up for renewal? And can you discuss how you're proceeding now that you're aware that your main distribution competitor received a non-renewal notice on their contract?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Jason, first of all, we have never really spoken about specific relationships with Dentsply, but -- because generally, it's not a good idea. But yesterday, I did have a call with the CEO of -- Simon of Dentsply, and we confirmed to each other that our relationship is good. I believe we are the biggest customer. They're one of our biggest global suppliers. We work with them practically in every country; I mean, there's one or two that we don't. And they're very important supplier of ours. The company has had some management changes over the years. Seems like the current management team is in place, understands what needs to get done. I believe that they are working well with our team here, particularly in North America and Canada, also in Europe. It's a bit more complex in Europe, one of the biggest markets for them -- for us. We work well, by the way, I think in Germany, France, Spain, U.K. and Italy too. And, yes, they have committed to adding more sales power to their organization, which can only be helpful to us. They had products, and we'd like to get them in front of our customers. On the other hand, there are other suppliers that have competing products. And we will always do what's best for our customers. But at the same time, we have strategic relationships. I would view them as one of the strategic relationships. We do not have a formal contract with them. I think we have a memorandum of understanding in one way or another. I don't know when it -- whether it expires or not. I haven't -- actually, I was going to look at that. But, in general, it's a good relationship. And we have good relationships with all of our suppliers. And then, I'm sure the next question is selling direct, and that rumor has been going around in dentistry for years. Specialty products are sold direct, implants, orthodontics, to some extent, endodontics. We need to be in a position to offer the entire offering of all those products. We are in that position today where we had gaps, we couldn't get products. We entered into the manufacturing. Those are the specialty products we've discussed. And we're doing well. And like in any industry, there's owned brand, corporate brand products. And where manufacturers are ready to provide good pricing that meets the customers' needs, we're happy to take the manufacturers' products in, where we need to have a private corporate brand. We have that, like in any industry. And in general, I think we have good relationships with our suppliers. As it relates to their specific issue with a specific distributor, that's not for us to comment. So, I'm trying to be as transparent as possible.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Elizabeth Anderson: Good morning, guys. Thanks so much for the question. I was wondering, maybe Stanley going back to what you were mentioning before, could you comment specifically on the growth rate for implant in 2Q maybe in North America and then, specifically, globally? And sort of what your expectations are, particularly, for implants for the back half of the year?
Stanley Bergman: Sure, Elizabeth. Implants. So, the easiest, the purest, would be Europe. And the biggest market for us is DACH. That is Germany and Austria, and a little business in Switzerland. In general, we continue to do very well. We have a complete line. We have an outstanding sales force, built over many years. We have what's needed. We are not the biggest player in Europe yet on -- in Germany on bone regeneration, but we're growing very nicely. We only enter that market about three years or four years ago. But on implants, we're doing very well and continue to expect to do well. And in the other European markets, we will continue, I think, to do well. But we have relatively small market share, except in France, where we're the number one player. And with all the challenges in France. And just because you're asking such a specific question, I will answer, but generally, we're not going to provide specific information on specific countries, but we are growing in France. Biotech is growing organically and doing quite well with its implants. I think they are the number one. So, Europe is the easiest, the purest. As it relates to Latin America, our S.I.N. new joint venture, although it's viewed as acquisition growth, continues to gain market share. Fortunately, they were not hit by the sad situation in that part of Brazil that got a lot of rain, but overall, it's doing well. The BioHorizons part of the equation is a bit challenged because of a couple of the countries of instability in Latin America, but they were not a participant, really, in the Brazil market. And our view to Latin America is primarily through S.I.N. As it relates to the U.S., until last year, we were gaining significantly in market share. Our sales were good. This year, the market is a little bit frozen for us because of our introduction, our customers, our sales force are aware of the new product. We were supposed to get it around March, April, but we got the FDA approval in the middle of June. It's going to take a little time to fire up, but we're quite confident that we will do well in -- with our new product, which I think is also well received by DSOs, whether they are BioHorizons DSOs or Henry Schein DSOs. Bringing the S.I.N. product into the U.S. will also be helpful. So, we did go backwards in terms of our sales, but I'm not sure in terms of market share in the United States, it's hard to tell. Data is not readily available. We do extremely well in the bone regeneration field in the United States. Canada is kind of flattish. And just off of top of my head, that's where we are. And I'm quite happy and confident with the progress we're making in the implant arena as well as the biomaterials arena.
Elizabeth Anderson: Thank you for all that color. That was super helpful. Just maybe as a follow-up. Can you comment specifically, and this is maybe just not just related to implants, but more broadly how you're thinking about trends in July and sort of so far in the third quarter, sort of, are they similar to what you saw in 2Q, better, worse?
Ronald South: Yes. I mean, specifically, Elizabeth, I'll address the distribution businesses first, because I think that's probably of the most interest to people. We have experienced from Q1 into Q2 growth in our distribution businesses as we recapture some market share. As we said before, that recapture has not been as high or as at the pace that we had originally desired. But we are recapturing share and that has continued into July and we expect it to continue for the balance of the third quarter and then, of course, into the fourth quarter as well. So, that's with distribution. I think with the other products, it's a -- they can be a little choppier. You get into the kind of the European holiday season now with distribution there. But I would say within the -- especially within the U.S. distribution business, we feel very good about the ongoing trends there.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of John Stansel with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
John Stansel: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to dig in a little bit on the medical side. Can you just speak in a little bit more detail about the effects from some of your larger customers, potentially ordering away with the pharmaceutical distributors? And then what your expectation is for that return process over the back half? Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, John. Generally, our large customers have come back. We have one large customer that just came back for the pharmaceuticals, hasn't come back for the medsurg, although I think, the practitioners are going to ask why. On the other hand, we've picked up some larger customers along the way. So, it's a give and take. The area is not the large customers. I think, we're doing okay there. We're doing okay with the ASCs. In fact, I think we're doing very well with ASCs. We're growing. It's these smaller practices, the derms, that are in private practice, the aesthetic people in private practice, the ones where our sales people just have not had the time to go back, and our tele sales people have been mostly focused, in-bound, but are now being focused externally, too. Excuse me. So, overall, I think, the recovery is good. It's not what as fast as we wanted. There is some depression, as we noted in the price of injectables. As the market moves generic, I think, there's a movement also to corporate brands in medical, and the whole point of care diagnostics flips from one quarter to another, including flu vaccine shipments.
John Stansel: Great. And then, just on the potential kind of the shift towards owned brands that you've called out here, is that embedded in your guidance? Does that kind of persist through the back half? And is this kind of a more sticky shift to private label brands for you, or do you expect that to revert at some point?
Ronald South: No, I mean, we are taking a look at the run rate on corporate brands, John, it is considered in our guidance. It's a little difficult to talk to it in broad terms, because we are still seeing a little bit of price pressure on gloves, and gloves is a very important Company brand for us. So -- but outside of gloves, we're seeing relatively good demand because there is -- there does seem to be a greater kind of consciousness around costs in the customer base right now.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of -- my apologies. The last question comes from the line of Dane Reinhardt with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Dane Reinhardt: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the questions this morning. I guess just one to kind of follow-up even on Jon's first question here. I mean, I thought last quarter, you guys had kind of touched on a 96%, 97% recapture rate in the distribution business. And I guess if you're kind of trailing your original expectations, are you kind of already expecting to be back at 100%? And then, is there any variation in there between your medical and dental? And then, I guess just last one to follow-up on that. Within the dental business, I mean, if you are recapturing a slightly greater percent of that lost share from last year. I mean, it seems like on a comp adjusted basis, your North American distribution business did kind of slow with merchandise. So, is there anything else in there? I mean, you mentioned patient volumes, kind of, flat. So, has that mix shift to kind of lower-priced branded options really accelerated here more meaningfully than what you were expecting?
Ronald South: Hi, Dane, it's Ron. It's -- this is where it gets a little fuzzy because it is difficult to assess. Like you said, we -- based on [indiscernible] and based on other data we had, you get a feel for the, so-called, recovery from cyber. Those customers are very sporadic though, they're very episodic with their purchasing habits. And some that you recapture, you might not see again for a while. Then you get somebody else. So, they have not been as consistent. And that's where it gets kind of difficult to put a number behind the actual percentage of recapture there. For us, it's important that we not only focus on recapturing our old customers, but also gaining other new customers. So, the focus of the business really is on gaining market share, whether it be former customers or new customers. That's really the focus of the business, as it should be, under the just ordinary course of business. In terms of what we're seeing in dental and medical, I would say that the effect has been -- is relatively the same across the two. I don't think it's slightly -- it could be a little more accentuated with dental, but I would say it would only be slightly more in terms of that, so called, recapture rate. And again, we have to use a lot of assumptions to determine what is that real recapture rate, right? And I forgot the last part of your question. You had a three-part question.
Dane Reinhardt: Yes, sorry. I think, like, on a comp adjusted basis, your growth in North America distribution consumables, dental seemed to slow a little bit. So, is that just reflective of the more shift to the lower priced branded consumables products? And then, I'll just kind of add my last one here. I mean, I think with the EPS guide, I think your midpoint for the back half of the year is kind of in that $2.42 range. And I think historically, your second half EPS tends to be around 49% to 50% of the full year. So, just how do we think about that kind of $2.42 back half guide and think about that for a jumping off point for next year? Thanks.
Ronald South: Yes. So, in terms of the back half guide, it does -- we expect to maintain the momentum we have in terms of recapture of market share, although, again, not at the pace we had originally anticipated. But we anticipate regaining -- and gaining market share into Q3, into Q4, and that'll help drive some of that increase. We also expect the back half of the year to be better in specialty. We have the new product launch in North America on the implant. So, we also -- we do expect specialty to be better. And we expect the technology business to bounce back a little better in the second half as well. So, all of those would be contributors to that. In terms of your question around brand, I do think that the -- we are seeing -- like I said, we see some move towards corporate brands. Those are better margins for us. It doesn't quite show up on the top-line, so it does help contribute a little bit to some of that gross margin favorability you see out there.
Stanley Bergman: Let me -- Ron, thank you. Let me just add one other thing. The larger accounts are growing at a faster rate than the very small ones. The larger ones are more conscious of alternative brands where they can get better pricing. As I noted early on, it's not bad for our gross profit, it's actually quite good. So, just because large customers are growing at a faster rate than the smaller ones, alternate options of brands are featured to a greater extent in the buying patterns of our large customers. And this is shifting to certain manufacturers or to manufacturers that are prepared to give price discount for large contracts, larger contracts. And it does depress our sales a little bit, but it's certainly good for gross profit. Okay. Is that it? Yes. So, we are now four minutes late. Let me end by thanking everyone for participating. I realize it is a complex quarter from a math point of view. Ron, Graham, Susan are ready to meet with you. Of course, I will make myself available as well. The business is solid. It's been that way for decades. Have we had bumps along the way? Yes, we had. We had the cyber incident. Before that, we had the COVID period. Like 2008-'09, we had some challenges also because of the economy. Doesn't feel like it's as bad this time. But we have to make sure that we respond accordingly. Although our sales are not where we wanted them to be from the economic point of view. I think, there is a little bit more shopping on price. I don't think it's between us necessarily our competition between brands. We can, I think, cover that well, whether it's on the consumables or the equipment side. And we just have to make sure that our expense structure matches our gross profits, so that we can continue to grow gross profit and continue to grow our operating profits. We're pretty good at executing on this. Will we get it right by month? I'm not sure. I don't think so. But we will get it run right in the medium term, long term. We feel confident in the business. We felt very good about our strategic direction. We will give you more information on the '25 to '27 strategic plan, which has been finalized. It's not a change, but it's going to be an emphasis. It may be a lightning up of certain parts of the business and a heavy emphasis on other parts. We'll give you that information. But we're pretty comfortable with the business. We're very pleased with our senior management team, our management team in general. And again remain optimistic. We gave you our best ideas on where Company is going from a mathematical point of view. And this team has delivered in the past and we're very comfortable that it's the same team, lots of succession, but the team in place has been around for a while. Many functions removed because of retirement. People moved up. Ron, Graham done a good job in that area and in the businesses in general. So, I thank you again, and the team is ready to take questions. Just reach out to them and they will schedule time with you. Thank you very much, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Henry Schein's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Graham Stanley, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Financial Project Officer. Thank you. Please go ahead, Graham. 
Graham Stanley: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's financial results for the first quarter of 2024. With me on today's call are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Ron South, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  
 Before we begin, I'd like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that's forward-looking. Risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements, and the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such statements.  
 These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and included in the Risk Factors section of those filings. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. Today's remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business.  
 These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures are included in Exhibit B of today's press release and can be found in the Financials and Filings section of our Investor Relations website under the Supplemental Information heading. And also in our quarterly earnings presentation also posted on our Investor Relations website.  
 The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, May 7, 2024. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Lastly, during today's Q&A session, please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up.  
 And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman. 
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Graham. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our first quarter financial results reflect solid earnings, driven by gross profit -- gross margin expansion and strong recovery from last quarter's cyber incident. We estimate that the incident lowered merchandise sales growth by low to mid-single-digit percentages during the quarter.  
 On PPE products, sales continued to decrease primarily due to lower glove prices for the last year -- from the last year. We estimate a reduced impact on sales growth from PPE as the year progresses. We're very pleased with the progress we're making on executing our BOLD+1 strategic plan, and we are pleased with the contribution of our recent acquisitions. These acquisitions contributed to the profitability we achieved in the first quarter. We are affirming our expectations for 2024 non-GAAP diluted EPS and 2024 adjusted EBITDA growth and tightening our expectations for 2024 total sales growth. 
 Our projected sales growth reflects continued recovery from last year's cyber incident and a strong pipeline of new specialty products and software innovation.  
 So let me turn to the review of our business units and start with dental on the distribution side. In North America, patient traffic to dental offices in January and February was impacted by weather events and by seasonal viruses, including the flu, but improved beginning in March. 
 Overall, we see steady dental merchandise sales improvement throughout the quarter, reflecting this trend, which has continued into April.  
 In the U.S., our THRIVE Signature program is contributing to sales growth and membership continued to increase with about 2,000 new members added in the first quarter bringing the total number of THRIVE Signature members to approximately 5,000.  
 For monthly subscription, this program provides a package of services to customers such as free shipping, discount on product and services and THRIVE reward points, which, of course, in the aggregate drive customer loyalty.  
 International merchandise also experienced steady sales improvement in most markets as the quarter progressed. Sales growth was negatively impacted by 2 less selling days in most of the international markets. Global Dental equipment sales were consistent with the prior year and were favorably affected by a shift in sales in the United States from late 2023 into the first quarter. Equipment sales grew in North of America but decreased slightly internationally.  
 So now a few comments on our dental specialties, the global dental specialties business. We had a strong growth across oral surgical products, endodontics and orthodontics largely driven by acquisitions, and we believe we also gained market share organically in the Global Dental specialties market.  
 The North American implant sales were largely consistent with last year. And international sales under our leading BioHorizons Camlog brand were very good, and this was especially good in Germany.  
 In the first quarter, international sales benefited from the introduction of [ Easy 2.0 ], our value implant system in Germany, which is also designed for ease of use. We expect the launch of a new BioHorizons implant system in the U.S. in the second half of the year and early next year in Canada. This launch will be for a new bone-level implant with a deep conical connection and is based upon our proven Camlog technology. We expect this will expand our addressable market significantly in the United States, thus increasing implant sales growth in the second half of the year.  
 So along with the introduction of Simi Valley implants, this launch will position the company well in all market segments in North America. We achieved good growth sales during the first quarter as we launched our Edge branded products through the Henry Schein U.S. distribution business.  
 Although orthodontic product sales are relatively small part of our specialty product sales, the launch of our Motion Probe Bracket System is performing well and specifically addressing the exploration last year's motion product preference.  
 We also launched the biotech Smilers, Clear Aligner and clinical, digital workflow software at the American Association of Orthodontics meeting last week, both of which have already been successfully launched in Europe through Biotech Dental.  
 Let me now turn to the technology and value-added services businesses. We're the largest component is Henry Schein One, our dental software business. The customer base for Dentrix Ascend and Dentally, our cloud-based solutions continue to grow and increased 36% in the first quarter over the prior year, and now we have approximately 8,000 installations of our cloud-based systems.  
 We achieved solid growth in our revenue cycle management e-claims business despite the impact of Change healthcare impact of their cyber incident. This was due to the Henry Schein One team's prompt responsiveness to establish an alternative approach to processing customer insurance claims.  
 Within 48 hours, we successfully were processing claims and backlog through an alternative clearing house. We are very pleased with the team's approach on dealing with the Change Healthcare cyber incident. And this helped us navigate a challenge for our customers, and I might add many new customers that now have turned to Henry Schein One for help during this challenging period for Change Healthcare.  
 Although we believe overall technology sales were impacted by the Change Healthcare cyber incident, we expect sales in the second quarter to return to more normalized growth levels.  
 Turning to the Medical business. There was a strong contribution from sales of point-of-care diagnostics, including flu and multi, that's a flu COVID combination test and a shift in sales towards lower-priced generic pharmaceuticals in our medical business.  
 Our North American Rescue business, which provides first responder and military medical solutions as well as our Home Solutions businesses performed well during the quarter. We also completed our acquisition of TriMed in early April strengthening our medical group's deep and long-standing relationships with IDNs, ASC and orthopedic specialist customers as we expand our offering into the orthopedic marketplace.  
 Finally, we are pleased to share that late last week, we hosted our fourth Annual THRIVELIVE event in Las Vegas and had record attendance this year of nearly 1,500 attendees with significant support from our suppliers. This is primarily an education event where our customers gain continuing education credits through seminars in the largest -- in the latest innovation and clinical dentistry, including digital equipment and software. This year featured the launch of some new innovations to help our customers attract new business, such as our new Dentrix eligibility Pro module that automates the delivery of claims eligibility data directly into the practice management software system. We believe this is quite a unique software feature. 
 And I'm particularly pleased with the integration was Reserve with Google, a new product that we also launched at the THRIVELIVE event. This enables consumers who search on Google to make dental appointments directly from the pro -- from their Google business listing into our customers' practice management systems and schedulers. These advancements support our continued commitment to driving innovation in the industry with products and services that add value to our customers' dental practices, enabling our customers to operate in more efficient practice while actually providing better clinical care.  
 Let me now turn over the call to Ron to discuss our quarterly financial results in a bit more detail. Thank you very much. 
Ronald South: Thank you, Stanley, and good morning, everyone. As we begin, I'd like to point out that I will be discussing our results as reported on a GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis. The items excluded from our first quarter non-GAAP financial results for 2024 and 2023 are detailed in Exhibit B of today's press release.  
 A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP income statement is also available in our quarterly earnings presentation on our website, which includes the non-GAAP effects of adjustments on noncontrolling interest. Also, please note that for most international businesses, the first quarter had 2 fewer selling days than the first quarter of last year. With respect to sales, I will provide details of total sales related sales growth and LCI sales growth, which is internally generated sales in local currencies compared with the prior year and excludes acquisitions.  
 Turning to our first quarter results. Global sales were $3.2 billion, with sales growth of 3.7% and LCI sales decreased 1.8%. Please note that our sales growth for the quarter reflects the residual impact of the cyber incident, which we estimate reduced sales growth by approximately 300 to 400 basis points.  
 In addition, lower PPE sales, primarily due to lower glove pricing, reduced sales growth by 60 basis points. Our GAAP operating margin for the first quarter of 2024 was 4.72%, a 101 basis point decline compared with the prior year GAAP operating margin.  
 On a non-GAAP basis, operating margin for the first quarter was 7.11%, a 57 basis point decline compared with the prior year non-GAAP operating margin. Gross margin improved 32 basis points primarily due to the contribution of businesses acquired in 2023.  
 Operating expenses were higher as a percentage of sales, primarily due to lower sales at our distribution businesses.  
 First quarter 2024 GAAP net income was $93 million or $0.72 per diluted share. This compares with prior year GAAP net income of $121 million or $0.91 per diluted share. Our first quarter 2024 non-GAAP net income was $143 million or $1.10 per diluted share. This compares with prior year non-GAAP net income of $161 million or $1.21 per diluted share.  
 The residual impact of the cyber incident on our first quarter 2024 results was consistent with the expectations we set out in the guidance we provided on our earnings call in February. The foreign currency exchange impact on our first quarter diluted EPS was favorable by approximately $0.01 versus the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter of 2024 was $255 million, which is consistent with the first quarter 2023 adjusted EBITDA of $256 million.  
 Turning to our first quarter sales results. Global dental sales were $1.9 billion, with sales growth of 0.8% and LCI sales decreased by 2.9%. The Global Dental merchandise LCI sales decreased by 3.7% versus the prior year. Merchandise sales were impacted by lower purchases by episodic customers and by lower PPE sales.  
 Global Dental equipment LCI sales increased 0.2%. Our North American equipment LCI sales grew 2.9% and with some traditional equipment sales having shifted into the first quarter from last year.  
 International equipment sales decreased 3.8% with positive trends in Germany, driven by technical service. On a global basis, CAD/CAM equipment grew nicely with pricing on intraoral scanners having stabilized. Digital imaging sales decreased slightly. Dental specialty product sales were approximately $284 million with growth of 21.6% driven by acquisitions with low single-digit organic growth in implants and endodontics. 
 Global Technology and value-added services sales during the first quarter were $217 million with total sales growth of 13.8%. LCI sales growth of 3.2% included 2.3% LCI sales growth in North America and 8.9% LCI sales growth internationally.  
 In North America, sales growth was driven primarily by value-added services, while international growth was driven by our Dentally cloud-based solution.  
 During the first quarter, we exceeded our goal of generating 40% of total non-GAAP operating income from our high-growth, high-margin businesses, with that metric coming in at 40.9% for the quarter.  
 Global Medical sales during the first quarter were $1.0 billion, with sales growth of 7.3% and LCI sales decreased 0.7%. We have strong sales of point-of-care diagnostics but lower PPE sales as well as lower pharmaceutical sales due to conversion to lower-priced generics.  
 The cyber incident also impacted sales to episodic customers, which we are working to regain. Regarding stock repurchases, we repurchased approximately 1 million shares of common stock in the open market during the first quarter. Buying at an average price of $75.10 per share for a total of approximately $75 million. We had approximately $190 million authorized and available for future stock repurchases at the end of the quarter.  
 Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow. We continue to benefit from significant liquidity, providing our businesses with the flexibility and financial stability to execute on organic growth initiatives and strategic acquisitions, while continuing to return capital to our stockholders and reducing borrowings.  
 Operating cash flow for the first quarter was $197 million compared with $27 million last year, driven by a reduction in our receivable balances, which were elevated at the end of the year.  
 Restructuring expenses in the first quarter were $10 million or $0.06 per diluted share and were incurred as part of our previously disclosed restructuring initiative. These expenses mainly relate to severance benefits and costs relating to exiting certain facilities.  
 We reported other non-GAAP adjustments in the first quarter, which are detailed in Exhibit B to today's press release. 
 I'll conclude my remarks with our 2024 financial guidance. At this time, we are still unable to provide estimates for costs associated with integration and restructuring for 2024. Therefore, we are not providing GAAP guidance. We are affirming our guidance for non-GAAP diluted EPS and adjusted EBITDA growth. In addition, we are updating our guidance for total sales growth. For 2024, we expect non-GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. to be in the range of $5 to $5.16 per share. reflecting growth of 11% to 15% compared to 2023 non-GAAP diluted EPS of $4.50.  
 As a reminder, our 2024 guidance does not include any associated benefit from potential insurance claim proceeds related to last year's cyber incident. Our policy has a $60 million claim limit on an after-tax basis with a $5 million retention.  
 We have begun the process of filing a claim and believe it is covered under our cyber policy, although final resolution remains subject to insurer approval. We do not expect to begin recording any benefits from the claim recovery until later in the year.  
 Our 2024 adjusted EBITDA growth is expected to increase by more than 15% versus 2023 adjusted EBITDA of $984 million. Our 2024 total sales guidance is now expected to be 8% to 10% growth over 2023 versus our previous guidance of 8% to 12% growth.  
 This projected growth reflects continued recovery by our distribution business from the cyber incident and a strong pipeline of new specialty products and software innovation contributing to higher sales growth in the second half of the year.  
 We expect modest overall equipment sales growth for the remainder of the year, with traditional equipment sales in line with last year and strong growth in Technical Services and CAD/CAM equipment. This sales guidance also includes sales from the acquisitions we have completed to date. Our 2024 guidance is for current continuing operations as well as acquisitions that have closed does not include the impact of future share repurchases and potential future acquisitions.  
 Guidance also assumes that foreign currency exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels and that end markets remain consistent with current market conditions.  
 With that, I'll now turn the call back to Stanley. 
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Ron. As investors can hear, we continue to make good progress in restoring sales to pre-incident levels with specific focus on bringing back episodic customers and advancing several programs, of course, to reinforce to our customers the value and benefits Henry Schein provides to our customers.  
 Again, we have made steady progress in this area.  and are quite optimistic as we restore our sales on the distribution side to 3 incident levels and beyond. We are making good progress with the BOLD+1 strategic priorities, which are driving growth and further strengthening our business and value proposition.  
 You can see from the investor package posted on the website, that in each area of the BOLD+1, we are executing quite well. The new innovative products and software enhancements, clinical digital workflow for dental implants some good work in the endodontic and orthodontic areas should positively impact momentum as the year goes by.  
 These new innovations, coupled with sales growth we are seeing from our recent acquisitions, should enable us to meet both short and long-term expectations and are hopeful that we could even exceed that. So with the overview of the business and our financial results, we are ready to take questions. 
 Operator, we're ready if you are. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. 
Jason Bednar: Stan or Ron, I wanted to start on gross margin. That was really the biggest positive surprise in the quarter to us. By our model, you're at a record high, and that's in spite of volumes maybe being a touch lighter than we would have thought.  
 It doesn't seem like segment mix explains the entirety of that margin result. So just wondering if you can unpack for us the drivers here that pushed you to nearly 32% gross margin in the quarter? 
 And then could you also speak to the confidence in this line or the sustainability of this performance as we look over the balance of the year, can gross margins stay up near this level? 
Ronald South: Jason, I'll start and I'll let Stanley jump in if anything he wants to add on this.  
 I think it is largely mix. I mean we have had a little bit of a depression in the distribution businesses as we continue to come out of the cyber incident. We're happy with the growth we're seeing in value-added services. Very happy with -- while it has been a challenging end market on some of the specialty side, but some of the growth we're getting there.  
 So the mix on the top line is helping with that gross margin. But it is consistent with our strategy. That's why we did the acquisitions we did last year. These are higher-margin businesses. And as we said in the prepared remarks, these businesses will start contributing to growth on that gross margin. 
 Will it be the same for the balance of the year? A lot of that will depend on the ongoing recovery that we're seeing in the distribution businesses. But I do think that it is consistent with our expectations and with the strategic plan. 
Stanley Bergman: So thank you, Ron. Jason, as you know, we have been investing in high-growth, high-margin businesses for the past several years. We -- last year, we had quite a bit in that direction. Not all of those have been in place for the full year. But in general, the mix towards high growth, high margin has increased. Number one.  
 Number two, the margins on the distribution side are doing quite well. And we did offer quite a few discount programs in the fourth quarter, a little bit in the first quarter, but not much. And generally, we're restoring margins quite nicely on the distribution side.  
 So mix and the fact that our distribution businesses are doing well from a margin point helped drive the margin -- the gross margin up. And as Ron said, we're quite comfortable with the fact that we're going to continue in this direction going forward. 
Jason Bednar: All right. Very helpful, both of you. And then as a follow-up, I wanted to ask on dental equipment. I know the message last quarter was one of a shortfall in deliveries tied to the cybersecurity incident. A lot of that business would shift into the first quarter and eventually be realized dental equipment didn't show as much growth as what we were looking for. What was the shift out of the fourth quarter, maybe just simply not as large as we would have thought we were just over modeling that? If I guess, was that consistent with your expectations, what you saw in the first quarter?  
 And then just trying to understand, I appreciate the comments on the outlook for dental equipment this year. but really trying to see relative to where we were a few months ago, if you're seeing private practices or DSOs, taking any kind of different approach with their capital equipment budgets? Or is it really just status quo out there? 
Stanley Bergman: It was hard to gauge exactly how much business will flip from 1 quarter to the other, Jason. Remember also our equipment people in the fourth quarter last year we're very much engaged in providing support to customers during the incident period.  
 And that actually took up a lot of their time. So I'm not saying we lost that business to our competition, but our equipment people are used to going into dental offices to identify opportunities and harvest those opportunities. We were on a relative pause in the fourth quarter with the hunting for new equipment.  
 We've restored basically the equipment backlog to where it was pre-pandemic period. We think that the market is quite good. The traditional equipment has stabilized. It's not where it was during the peak in the post COVID recovery period but it's stabilized, and it's quite good.  
 The whole CAD/CAM area is doing quite well. The pricing has stabilized. I don't think the discounting we saw several quarters ago is in place any longer. It's pretty stabilized. It doesn't mean that there may not be a newer unit coming out less features, lower price in the future, but I don't think that will cannibalize the business today.  
 Where we were a little bit surprised is digital imaging, which decreased slightly I'm not sure if that is a temporary situation. Maybe there for a couple of quarters. We've seen this in the past. I don't believe it's a permanent issue. I think digital imaging continues to grow, but we did seem to see a bit of a pause. Like, by the way, we saw a pause in CAD/CAM equipment on the milling side a few quarters ago, and that's come back.  
 So overall, I think it's best to be a little bit cautious and project a modest growth. Hopeful that it will be a little bit higher than that, but we're taking a more cautious approach at this time.  
 I don't think private practices have pulled back a lot. There's a little bit because of the interest rates. A few of the larger DSOs have paused a bit. But on the other hand, there are a lot of DSOs that are actually in the market right now and buying equipment and actually installing equipment. So it's a mixed bag over there. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of John Block with Stifel. 
Jonathan Block: Stanley, maybe you could provide some more color on the implant market growth and how you're faring from a share perspective. I don't know, maybe that worldwide market is growing low single digits. It seems like you guys grew low single digits in implants in the quarter on an organic basis, but I think you're underindexed in China relative to peers where a good amount of growth came from in terms of the other players. So do you feel like you're capturing share more prominently sort of on an apples-to-apples basis where you guys actually compete? And then I'll ask my follow-up. 
Stanley Bergman: Yes. It's a very good question. I'm glad you asked it, which is a lot of confusion. First of all, we do not really participate in a significant way in the Chinese market. We do have -- our Medentis business does some work in China. We have a little bit of Camlog and that business has not really been impacted, it's relatively small.  
 While the implant end market is experiencing selective pockets of price sensitivity, and that's mainly in the full arch implants, I think it's very important to understand that this has not directly impacted our business. As our price points is lower than other premium brands, and our customers are generally less focused on the full arch procedure.  
 I think that's very, very important. There are small groups of customers that are focused on price, the value offering and that we have listened to compete with now.  
 Our product line has generally been well priced in the premium area. I think some of our competitors have had to come down to our pricing. But overall, generally, we're very well priced in the premium area. We've been viewed as a discounter if you will of premium products and the quality of our products are very good and available at relatively favorable pricing to both private practitioners and DSOs.
 So I think the part of the market we participate in has not really been as impacted from our point of view as perhaps some others. Of course, the favorable launch in Germany of the [ Easy 2.0 ] implant system, qualitatively, it's good. It's a good price. It's has helped us in Germany where we have a very strong market share. And when we introduce new products, they're generally well received in Germany.  
 The customers understand that the value is good and the product is well tested. And we actually think that with customers being focused practitioners on price, we are well positioned to expand our market share. Continue to expand, if you will.  
 And we have, in the United States, this new bone level implant with a deep conical connection, has proven technology that we believe will expand our market position and our opportunity quite significantly in North America, U.S. to start with, with this addressable market that we really haven't been able to address could be as much as 40% to 50% of the market that we haven't been able to address that we will be able to address with our new product launch later this year. 
Jonathan Block: Got it. That was great. That was very helpful. And maybe just a quick one, Ron, for you. The Street was 9% or even below that top line. We were at 8% for 2024 anyway. But I'm just still looking for a little clarity on where the top end of the sales guidance is, call it being locked off.  
 In other words, is it market related? Is it lower trajectory of cybersecurity recapture? Is it stronger dollar or all of the above when we think about things relative to February. 
Ronald South: Yes, John. It's not -- there's not a whole lot of fluctuation that we're expecting on FX. I think we can kind of carve that piece out, that might be a minor impact. We still expect acquisitions to have a similar contribution than what we were saying with the original guidance as well.  
 So it really comes back to that kind of end markets a little bit on -- more on the distribution side, whether that be cyber recovery or end markets, as you can appreciate, as we get further and further out from the cyber incident, that assumption gets a little softer in terms of which is which, right?  
 So we're really looking at the market as we like the progress we made during the quarter with sales -- so-called sales recovery of certain customers. We think we can maintain that momentum into the year. But there -- as we look at the different projections there, we kind of played it out and we thought 8% to 10% would ultimately get us to a more accurate revenue rating than the original 8% to 12%. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of John Stansel with JPMorgan Chase & Company. 
John Stansel: Just on the technology side, I appreciate that the change cybersecurity event impacted the business a little bit here. A, is it the right way to think about performance impact as kind of the difference between that 3.2% global internal growth and say, like a mid-single to high single-digit growth number that you would kind of have been producing over the last few quarters? 
 And then b, just what portions of the business were directly impacted. And kind of how are you seeing the help of dentists as they kind of manage through these kind of claims processing and benefit verification headwinds? 
Ronald South: Yes, John, on the Change Healthcare effect, what we did see with Henry Schein One is that we had a relatively steady revenue growth during the quarter that stagnated a bit in March. And that's -- we attribute it to what we saw with Change. 
 We have seen the company return to a more normal level of growth since then. So to your original question, yes, we would -- our expectations for Henry Schein One and on the technology side was that there would be better growth than that 3% plus you saw in the LCI. So we do expect that to be higher. 
 And as we come out of the kind of the disruption that was caused by the Change management cyber incident, we believe that we will achieve that projection. 
 It did -- the Change management issue was interesting in the perspective that it did create a bit of a cash crunch for some of our customers, we were able to help alleviate that through some assistance through revenue cycle management tools that we had. But we did also extend terms to some customers. 
 We also did seek -- they pulled back on perhaps acquiring new technology products for a period of time, and that's where we saw the stagnation in revenues in Henry Schein One. 
 But I do think that and quite frankly, we expected -- overall, we expected, for example, to have better operating cash flow in the quarter, but our receivable balances were still slightly more elevated than what we originally expected because of a lot of practices that we're kind of managing cash as they work their way through that disruption. But we're seeing things get back to normal with that. 
 So I do believe that our technology business and as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, there are some new products, some new software products that will be -- that we're launching that we're introducing to customers that we think will continue to support that growth going forward. 
Stanley Bergman: John, let me just add 1 more comment to what Ron said and Ron provide a very good outline. 
 Our ability to immediately within 48 hours process claims through an alternate methodology was very well received. Having said that, it took up a lot of resources that perhaps would be focused on sales, and we're focused on ensuring that our customers were able to process the claims. 
 But more important, answer problems that emerged as a result of the issues with Change. I would say that a huge number of dentists are most appreciative of Henry Schein's could response. They were involved in basic operational issues in their practices, took a lot of their resources. We helped them, it took a lot of hours. 
 And so they were also focused on managing their cash. I think we're largely out of that, although these claims are not being processed through Change but are being processed on an alternative provider that we have a relationship with. 
John Stansel: Great. And then just 1 on the medical distribution business. There's been a lot of discussion in the market, albeit more on the inpatient side or for medical distributors around kind of competitive balance and different net wins on contracts. 
 How are you seeing the competitive balance for -- between distributors in the alternative side of care market and how that's driving different competition? 
Stanley Bergman: I don't think that's an issue for us. There's a lot going on, I think, with some of the other parts of distribution on the drug side. Maybe on the medicine side, with acute care settings. 
 I think we're still doing pretty well on winning these awards. I think we've got -- our business is largely restored from a -- I mean it's fully restored, we think, from a large customer IDN point of view. 
 There is some generic pricing pressure -- generic drug pricing pressure. On the other hand, that's pretty good for profits. But if you take that out of it and you take out of it, the lumpiness of the test, I think you'll see our medical business is in pretty good shape. 
 We are continuing to win awards, new awards, and we're not really losing any existing customers. I don't think what's being experienced in other parts of health care distribution is impacting us. We're very isolated from what others are going through. 
 We have a very unique service, highly appreciated and our customers were very loyal to us on the IDN and group side during the incidents. We still have some of this business where customers are looking for pricing, that's in the smaller practice, we call it episodic. And we're recovering and working on that just like we're doing on the downside. 
 But the infrastructure is in place for service these larger customers, the IDNs and the group practices that is highly, highly appreciated. It's not the issue at all for us. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. 
Jeffrey Johnson: I wanted to talk about the North American dental consumables number that you put up, the down 5%, I think if we adjust for that cyber number, you said 300, 400 basis points down 1% to 2%. That fits pretty well with some of the independent industry data that came out in 1Q. 
 I think it showed the North American market on the merchandise side down a couple of percentage points on a revenue basis as well. 
 So one, is that your take on the market. The market is kind of down in that low single-digit negative range right now and you guys are kind of in line ex cyber. 
 And two, I think the other interesting thing in that independent data was that volumes were actually up a couple of points, but revenue is down a couple of points. So maybe what are you seeing your customers doing from a trading down for maybe premium branded to other kind of lower-priced branded or even your private label products? Has there been a change in that dynamic over the last 6, 12 months relative to historical? 
Stanley Bergman: Jeff, you're asking, again, another good question here. I think pricing is relatively stable. If you look at raw data and we look at that, of course, from our database, inflation is maybe 1% to 2%. 
 Having said that, there's also a movement towards corporate brands. And that kind of washes out a big part of that 1% to 2%. And there could be a few -- in some areas, a few even less take out the glove business, where there is definitely some pricing pressure, continues to be, I think, Ron described that a 60 basis points or so company-wide. 
 Dental within that range as well. I think pricing has stabilized. I think our margins are pretty stable. Manufacturers, some of the bigger ones are understanding they probably have to be more competitive and the little guys, the midsized practices are continue to do okay. 
 But I would say, this quarter, it's a lot more stable than a while, say, 2 or 3 quarters ago. So I think pricing has stabilized and margins have stabilized and our challenge is the recovery, these episodic customers, not the large group practices, not the midsized practices we actually, we think we're gaining. 
 So, we have to just continue with the episodic, those that buy through our website comparing prices. That's where we have to do. 
Jeffrey Johnson: All right. That's helpful, Stanley. And then, Ron, maybe just 1 quick follow-up, just on that 300 to 400 basis point cyber impact. 
 Would it be fair for us to split that kind of over your medical and your dental business combined? Is it about an equal impact there? You've mentioned both these episodic and larger customers, I think, in kind of your prepared remarks in both areas, number one. 
 And number two, do we look at that 300 to 400 basis points as being kind of stable? Is there anything you can say about kind of maybe the exit in March recapture rate versus kind of how you went into the year, just where to think maybe where that 300 to 400 basis points pressure from cyber goes over the next quarter or 2? 
Ronald South: Yes. To answer the first part of your question, Jeff, yes, the spread and the impact on Dental and Medical is pretty consistent, right? It's not the 1 bearing the brunt more so than the other. 
 I would say it's difficult to assess kind of going forward. Like I said, the further out we get from the cyber incident to determine how much of the revenue base and how much of the market share that we're managing is attributable to cyber. That gets more and more difficult. 
 But we have taken a look at this and any impact on revenues that we believe we have out there is contemplated in the revenue guidance and the related impact on earnings has been contemplated when we have in the affirmation of the EPS guidance as well. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. 
Elizabeth Anderson: I was looking on the medical environment. We have heard of higher sort of some outpatient utilization trends broadly in the market.
 How do we think about some of those trends continuing and sort of the ordering patterns between like procedures or some of your ambulatory surgical clients and then sort of the impact on their ordering as we move through the year? 
Stanley Bergman: So Elizabeth, I think the shift from the acute care setting to the alternate care setting for procedures continues. I don't think it was more profound this quarter than the past year or 2. 
 I don't think there's any shift -- significant shift in either increase or decrease in procedures in any 1 or 2 procedures, maybe there are isolated procedures, I don't know. 
 But in general, the major procedures are consistent, at least from our point of view, from quarter-to-quarter. And it's a growing area from our point of view, both in terms of some internal growth with existing surgery centers, ASCs and also we're gaining new accounts in that area. 
 So it's pretty much consistent that procedures are moving from the acute care setting to the alternate care setting and are relatively stable within a particular center. 
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. And then maybe as a follow-up, as we sort of think through some of the cost cuts, et cetera, as your moving on, one of the things it seems like SG&A was a touch higher than at least we were modeling here in the quarter. 
 And I just wanted to understand about the cadence as we think about the back half of the yea and sort of any of the impact of some of the cost restructuring as you've -- and how they materialize as we move across the quarters. 
Ronald South: Yes. Elizabeth, the SG&A, the whole kind of mix of the P&L of some of the businesses that we acquired last year are going to be a little different, right?
 With the higher gross margins, but then greater expenses as it might relate to R&D and other selling costs associated with some of those businesses. So that's you're seeing that show up in the consolidated P&L a little bit more. So some of the favorability we got on the gross margin side was the offset on the SG&A side. 
 I think in terms of cadence, it's going to be with these businesses having a greater importance in our P&L as we go forward, it could get a little lumpier, a little less predictive with the SG&A, but I would suspect that over time, it will be something fairly consistent with what we had in the first quarter as well. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Mike Petusky with Barrington Research. 
Michael Petusky: So Stanley, I'm wondering, you've had PRISM for a few years and Shield I think for a couple of quarters. I'm just curious, home health, obviously, large end markets, presumably opportunities for above-average growth. I'm just curious. 
 Is home health something that you now can sort of say, hey, we feel really good about this, we want to build this into something really big over time? Or is this a little bit different than you thought? And maybe you just sort of stick with the assets you have? 
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Mark. Thanks for that question. Home Care Solutions continues to be a big area for us going forward. We continue to expect to grow organically, make some additional investments. Our business is approaching $350 million annually, $20 million a month or so. And we expect that to continue to grow nicely from an organic point of view, and we will add to that platform. 
 At the moment, we are moving those businesses to a common platform so we can provide a national service with high customer service. We believe that the business complements our physician business very nicely, our ASC business, and we're very, very optimistic about our Home Solutions business as well as our North American Rescue business, which provides first responder and military medical solutions, these 2 are areas that are doing quite well in our medical portfolio. 
Michael Petusky: Okay. Great. And then just shifting to Dental. I guess one of the benefits of talking to anybody at Henry Schein or leadership at Henry Schein, there's a lot of folks, including yourself, Stanley, that have been in the chair for a long time. You've seen different markets and different challenges and all the rest. 
 And it just seems among investors right now, there's just a lot of skepticism around Dental and concerns about persisting high interest rates and how that sort of flows into capital equipment decisions and concerns about pricing compression with maybe consumables, imaging products and other things.
 I'm just curious, when you sort of think about the Dental space in general right now and Schein's position within it. Do you think the skepticism is sort of appropriate given the givens? Or do you think it's appropriate for others, but maybe not as much for Schein? Or can you just talk about historically the current challenges and how you see them, given your experience. 
Stanley Bergman: Yes. I think, it's a very good question, too. The dental markets are relatively stable. If you look at the U.S. patient dental traffic in January and February was impacted by weather and some seasonal viruses, including the flu, but improved beginning in March and again an improvement continued through the quarter into April. 
 I think there are seasonal issues we need to take into account, weather, but overall, the U.S. dental market is stable, maybe leaning towards some growth. I think the same would be the case globally, especially in those markets where you have government reimbursement. 
 So it's quite stable. It's a good market. I think one has to be very careful reading the tea leaves when it's some basis points down in 1 quarter, some basis points up in another quarter. I think the underlying stability remains. 
 Yes, there is a challenge with interest rates on high-cost procedures in 1 implant we spoke about $20,000, $30,000 procedures, interest rates impact that. 
 But basic traffic is good. And I think these are solid markets. Change that have a little bit of an impact here in the U.S., but not materially. We'll get out of that. Our customers have decent cash flow, maybe some of them had challenges of Change. We had to support them, arrange financing for them, extended some credit terms. 
 But overall, I would say the market is stable. And on the equipment side, we are taking a bit of a cautious approach. In that, we've talked about modest overall equipment sales. But the basic traditional equipment is stable. The whole digital world is growing. 
 And I think in the long run, it's a medium term, equipment is even a good area, too. So we're quite positive about dentistry and remain that way. And if you add to that, the medical business, where procedures are continuing to move from the acute care setting into the ultimate care setting.
 And there's no material movement in terms of reducing the number of procedures in any one particular area. I think generally, the businesses we're in are positive. 
 We are working on recovery of our cyber business that related primarily to these episodic customers and have made quite a bit of progress in that area, too. So we're quite optimistic about the future. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Justin Lin with William Blair. 
Justin Lin: Sort of a similar question to what sort of came up earlier, but slightly different. Your Technology segment organic growth, I think, came in lower than the Street, but the reported number was relatively in line. 
 Did the Street just kind of mismodel that? Or was kind of the acquisition contribution, particularly from North America, was that above your own expectations as well? 
Ronald South: Yes. Justin, the -- that segment includes other value-added services businesses, some of which we have acquired in the last year. So that showed up in the acquisition growth from those value-added services businesses who did have very good quarters. 
 They did have very good quarters. And while they exceeded our expectations, we expect them to continue to provide -- contribute good profits going forward. 
Justin Lin: Okay. Got it. And I guess more of a high-level question here. You obviously made a number of acquisitions. Anything you would call out. Surprising whether positive or negative relative to your expectations over the past few quarters? 
Ronald South: We've been happy with all of them, some do better than others in the early stages. We are busy integrating our large implant acquisitions we did last year, Biotech, which has now annualized. That will show up as internal growth beginning in the second quarter.
 We're also integrating S.I.N, the Implant manufacturer in Brazil. That will annualize 1st of July. So the second quarter will be the last quarter that shows up as acquisition growth. 
 So the back half of the year, we'll be reporting those numbers as part of our internal growth with the contributions we get from those 2 businesses. 
 Very happy with what we're seeing on the -- in the Home Solutions business. There was an earlier question there. Do we see that as an area for growth going forward? 
 I think the answer is definitely yes. So we're very pleased with the -- how we've been able to capitalize with the acquisition of Shield that we did last year as well as Mini Pharmacy. 
 And then also on the value-added services side, this is becoming a more and more important part of our approach to our customers in terms of helping them run more profitable practices, including when they want to exit their practices and large practice sales has been a very successful acquisition for us as well. 
 So I think when you go down the list, and I hate to keep listening them because you don't want to leave somebody out, but they have all done, we've been very happy with these acquisitions and the returns they're providing us so far. 
Operator: We have time for 1 last question coming from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS. 
Kevin Caliendo: A lot of comments around April and the back half of the year and new product launches and like there's so many moving parts with M&A and the like. 
 Ron, maybe can you just give us an update on cadence of what you expect revenue growth and earnings to be? Is 2Q trending as you thought? 
 Just trying to understand because there are so many moving parts, is this going to be a typical seasonality in terms of revenue growth, EBIT growth and especially EPS growth? 
Ronald South: Yes. So as we've said before in the prepared remarks, Kevin, that we do expect sales growth to be more significant in the back half of the year than what we see in the first half of the year. 
 And some of that is recovery from cyber. Some of that, too, is the launches of some of the new products we're anticipating on the implant side that we talked about as well in the prepared remarks, in addition to some new technology products we have that we're launching as well. 
 So those are all going to contribute. Our expectation is they will contribute to greater growth in the back half of the year. 
 And like I said before, some of this comes from ongoing recovery from cyber. We saw encouraging recovery over the course of Q1, good momentum into Q2, but there's still some work to be done there. 
 So we will -- but we're confident that as the year goes on. We'll be able to continue to gain some market share on the distribution side as well. So I think that from both a sales and an earnings perspective, my expectation is we'll see better growth in Q3, Q4 than what we had in Q2. 
Kevin Caliendo: Okay. That's helpful. And if I can just do a quick follow-up on the implant, the new products. What does this do to your portfolio of products? Is it improving what you had, sort of -- I've always envisioned that you're sort of between value and premium. 
 Are you expanding the sort of offering that you have or improving what you have? Or are you changing the positioning of any way, shape or form of your implant portfolio with the new product launches? 
Stanley Bergman: In the U.S., we're expanding and we're going into about half the market that we do not cover today. We're waiting for finalization of the approval. We expect that in the second half of the year. 
 In international, I think our value proposition is expanding with the [ Easy 2.0. Easy 1.0 ] was good, but there were a couple of features that we're missing. We've added that to it, and it's been well received already in Germany where we launched it in this quarter. 
 So on the one hand, we're entering into a part of the market that we really are not in, in the United States. And at the same time, we're providing better value products in Europe. 
 So generally, I would say it's an expansion of the product offering plus better pricing, better value in Europe.
 Okay. Operator, thank you very much. Thank you, everyone, for calling in. As you can tell, this year everyone is off to a solid start. We remain enthusiastic about the markets we serve, our position in the industry. The opportunities for growth and enhanced profitability lie ahead. 
 We're doing quite well on expanding our high growth, high margin portfolio. The portfolio of high growth, high margin is doing well. We expect to show some decent results also in the orthopedics section, where we're expanding our Henry Schein Orthopedic business. 
 And overall, we think our distribution businesses are in good shape, operationally fully restored. We have to deal with the episodic side of the business, which is growing, recovering nicely, but not fully back to where it was pre-incident.
 We're growing with our large customers in Dental and Medical. And Henry Schein One continues to provide significant value to our customers as you saw from the Change cyber recovery, where we played a key role in dentistry in general. 
 So, thank you for calling in. We remain most optimistic about the future. And thank you very much. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Henry Schein’s Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. And I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Graham Stanley, Henry Schein’s Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Financial Project Officer. Thank you. Please go ahead, Graham.
Graham Stanley: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein’s financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023. With me on today’s call are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Ron South, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I’d like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that’s forward-looking. Risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements and the company’s performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and included in the Risk Factors section of those filings. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share are based upon the company’s internal analysis and estimates. Today’s remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures are included in Exhibit B of today’s press release and can be found in the Financials and Filings section of our Investor Relations website under the Supplemental Information heading. For additional information, please refer to our quarterly earnings presentation also posted on our Investor Relations website. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, February 27, 2024. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Lastly, during today’s Q&A session, please limit yourself to single question and a follow-up. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Graham. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are rather pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year of 2023, which was in line with our expectations and reflects a solid recovery from last year’s cybersecurity incident. Our fourth quarter financial results included strong growth in our technology and value-added services businesses and in global sales of implants and biomaterials, largely driven by acquisitions, and were negatively impacted by higher than usual acquisition related expenses and adjustments. As we discussed last quarter, the cyber incident primarily affected our dental and medical distribution businesses in North America and Europe. These distribution businesses recovered well in the second half of the quarter. The revenue impact from the incident was at the low end of our expectations and the earnings impact was at the high end largely due to the success of our promotion activity, which drove sales and customer retention. Overall, we feel good about the pace of our recovery, driven by our durable customer loyalty and strong relationships our field sales consultants, our telesales representatives and service technicians have with our customers around the world. And of course, coupled with our most effective direct marketing and customer care capabilities, which includes a very strong e-commerce presence, particularly on social media. Today, our North American and international distribution businesses are experiencing merchandise sales that are running below pre-cybersecurity – below the pre-cybersecurity levels – pre-cybersecurity incident levels and we estimate that the incident is currently having a low-single digit percentage headwind to our merchandise sales growth, with some episodic customers not fully returned yet. We are doing a lot of work in this area and we expect the residual impact to be short-term and diminish over the first half of the year through our sales and marketing programs and as I noted, including our digital marketing. The 2024 guidance we are introducing today reflects our continued confidence in the stability of the underlying markets we serve, our recovery efforts from the cybersecurity incident, and the execution of our strategic plan. For 2024, while we expect to have some short-term residual impact from the cybersecurity incident, we believe we will continue to strengthen our leading market position. The markets we serve are expected to grow towards the lower end of the ranges we set out at our Investor Day last year, and we also expect some remaining impact from lower year-over-year PPE pricing, primarily impacting sales growth in the first quarter or the first third of the year. We are also introducing adjusted EBITDA guidance as we believe this provides investors with additional – with an additional metric that reflects the performance of the business as we pivot to higher growth, higher margin products and services. We believe we are well-positioned to grow the business in line with our financial goals of high-single digit to low-double digit operating income and earnings per share by continuing to execute on our BOLD+1 Strategic Plan. So let me now turn to a review of our quarterly highlights from each of our business units, beginning with the dental distribution business. In North America, we believe patient traffic the dental office picked up in November and December, although in January illness and weather impacted cancellations, but this has improved in February. We have seen in our medical business that point of care diagnostic sales are also strong, indicating that flu visits to medical doctors are elevated as a result of this year’s late flu season and which adversely impacted dental patient traffic. We expect the effect on patient traffic from the flu season to normalize by the end of March. International markets remain steady and consistent with the third quarter. Regarding North America and international dental equipment, there was a decline in sales both in traditional and digital equipment. Equipment sales is very important. Reflect a redeployment of our field sales consultants as well as our equipment sales specialists during the cybersecurity incident to focus on addressing immediate customer needs rather than initiating and processing new equipment orders, resulting in moving sales into the first quarter of 2024. Digital equipment sales also reflected year-over-year lower prices of intraoral scanners, but we expect to see good demand for intraoral scanners to continue and the impact of these price declines to be less significant going forward. We’ve had a lot of questions on this, but we expect equipment sales to be supported by the investment plans of many of our DSO customers who have in place – who have these plans in place and have continued to expand their operations, and this not only applies to the national DSOs, but to many of the regional DSOs too, who are investing in their practices both from an equipment point of view and a software point of view. The impact of lower global equipment sales was partially offset by overall good growth in our global equipment technical services. Our technical services capability is a strategic advantage for us as we believe we provide excellent response times and high quality service for our customers. We are known for this globally. Now, let’s turn to the Global Dental specialties businesses or products. Turning to the Global Dental specialty products, we believe we continue to increase our global market share in implants and biomaterials this quarter as we believe for the full year of 2023. We believe the implant markets we serve in the aggregate were generally flat in the fourth quarter against previous against the 2022 sales. Against that backdrop, and I’m referring to the market in general by the way, against that backdrop, our global implant and biomaterial sales grew by quite a bit more than 30%, mainly due from acquisitions but also some internal growth. We posted significant growth in the European, Latin American and Asian markets, mainly from the Biotech acquisition in France and the S.I.N. acquisition in Brazil, along with above market share growth in our leading BioHorizons, Camlog brand in Europe, primarily in Germany, while we had low-single digit growth in our U.S. implant sales. As a result of the cyber incident, our endodontic sales growth slowed somewhat last quarter. Our orthodontic sales were also impacted by the cyber incident and by the expiration of the motion product patents earlier this year. To address this, we launched a replacement product this quarter, which is being well received in the marketplace. We remain highly optimistic about the growth in our dental specialty products in 2024, as we have a robust pipeline of product innovations plan across various geographies in the first half of the year and we expect sales growth to continue to outpace the market growth. Let’s turn now to our technology and value-added services business. Excellent sales growth was driven by Henry Schein One with most core products posting double-digit gains including our practice management software, revenue cycle management, analytics, and our AI solutions. As we have seen all year, Henry Schein One growth was driven by Dentrix Ascend and entirely cloud-based solutions. The customer base of cloud solutions continued to grow well and increased by about 36% compared with the start of the year. We launched a number of digital clinical workflow solutions for our customers, including AI technologies, to provide our customers with highly effective diagnostic solutions. During the fourth quarter, we worked with one of the largest DSOs to introduce their AI solution. We are pleased to now have over 1,000 users subscribing to these solutions. Product enhancements introduced last quarter, including remote scheduling and payments are also contributing to growth. Claims eligibility and patient relationship management features will be areas of significant focus during 2024. We continue to see strong interest and good growth in Dentrix Ascend from our DSO customers and we are recently announced two new large multi-site Dentrix Ascend accounts. Turning to our medical business, growth during the fourth quarter was also impacted by the cybersecurity incident. In addition, the late flu season also negatively impacted point of care diagnostic sales and patient visits, which were down versus the prior year. However, the late flu season is driving higher quarter one sales. Our new $300 million plus homecare platform grew sales in the high-single digits during the quarter, with this market segment continued to grow faster than the overall healthcare market. Finally, in late December, we announced that we signed an agreement to acquire a majority interest in TriMed, which marks our entry into the upper and lower Extremity segment of the growing orthopedic market, this being a complement to our Brasseler saws and blades business, which is also doing quite well. This transaction, the TriMed investment fills a need particularly for our ambulatory surgical center and orthopedic specialist customers who expect to leverage our customer relationships and our contractual expertise to grow the business. We expect to close this transaction later this quarter. Concurrently, we entered into a strategic relationship with Extremity Medical, a medical device company focused on developing complementary products for bone infusion, fixation and motion prevention treatment. So, in summary, we are executing well against our BOLD+1 Strategic Plan and we made significant progress. Very pleased with us on our strategic priorities during 2023. We did complete a number of strategic acquisitions, investing almost $1 billion supportive of our 2022 to 2024 strategic plan. These acquisitions are growing well in the high-single-digits to low-double-digit percentages and we are on track to achieve our goal of generating 40% of our operating income from sales of our high growth, high margin products and services and we estimate that we would only have to be slightly below that threshold and that we only would have been slightly below that threshold in the fourth quarter and for the full year of 2023 if the cyber incidents had not occurred. As we look to 2024, our priorities include continuing to focus on customer experience. This is critical for us in all our businesses, and of course, the recovery of sales post the cybersecurity incident. We also will focus on and prioritize further enhancing technology and product development, including our integrated digital workflow and continue to grow sales in specialty products by integrating recent acquisitions and through new product launches. And we believe we have a good pipeline of product launches in both our dental specialties products area and our value-added services, including Henry Schein One. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Ron to discuss our quarterly financial results and our 2024 guidance. Ron, please.
Ron South: Thank you, Stanley, and good morning, everyone. As we begin, I’d like to point out that I will be discussing our results as reported, on a GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis. Our fourth quarter non-GAAP financial results for 2023 and 2022 exclude integration and restructuring costs, amortization expense of acquired intangible assets, certain asset impairment costs, as well as expenses directly related to the cybersecurity incident. This is detailed in Exhibit B of today’s press release. The fourth quarter of 2022 included one additional selling week compared with the fourth quarter of 2023. We report on a 52, 53-week fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in December, and the extra week in 2022 was the holiday week between Christmas and New Year’s Day. The next time our results include an extra selling week will be in 2028. With respect to sales growth, I will focus on LCI sales growth, which is internally generated sales in local currencies compared with the prior year and excludes acquisitions. To facilitate a more meaningful comparison, we’ve also excluded the estimated extra week of sales in the prior year from our LCI sales growth figures. Please note that our sales growth was adversely impacted by the cybersecurity incident and we estimate the reduction of fourth quarter sales was between $350 million to $400 million worldwide. Turning to our fourth quarter results, global sales of $3.0 billion reflected an LCI sales decrease of 12%, with the cybersecurity incident impacting sales growth by an estimated 10% to 12%. Our GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2023 was 1.28%, an 87 basis point decrease compared with the prior year GAAP operating margin. On a non-GAAP basis, operating margin for the fourth quarter was 4.86%, a 279 basis point decline compared with the prior year non-GAAP operating margin, and was primarily a result of the cybersecurity incident and the sales recovery initiatives we introduced in the quarter. We estimate that the cybersecurity incident negatively impacted our operating income by approximately $120 million to $130 million in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter 2023 GAAP net income was $18 million, or $0.13 per diluted share. This compares with prior year GAAP net income of $47 million or $0.34 per diluted share. Our fourth quarter 2023 non-GAAP net income was $86 million or $0.66 per diluted share. This compares with prior year non-GAAP net income of $184 million or $1.35 per diluted share. The fourth quarter 2023 non-GAAP EPS includes $0.05 of acquisition expenses and related adjustments, which compares to $0.02 in the fourth quarter of the prior year. Details for the quarter and full year are included in Exhibit D to our press release. We estimate that the cybersecurity incident impacted our fourth quarter 2023 non-GAAP EPS by approximately $0.70 to $0.75 per diluted share. The foreign currency exchange impact on our fourth quarter EPS was favorable by $0.01 and the impact on full year EPS was immaterial. Turning to our fourth quarter sales results. Global Dental sales were $1.8 billion and LCI sales decreased by 10.9%, with underlying sales growth being offset by the impact of the cybersecurity incident. Global Dental merchandise LCI sales decreased by 11.3% versus the prior year. Global Dental equipment LCI sales decreased 9.7%. As Stanley mentioned, there were delays in processing new equipment orders moving some sales into 2024. Dental specialty product sales were approximately $281 million in the fourth quarter with growth of 17.2%, driven by acquisitions and solid organic growth in implants and biomaterials. Global Technology and Value-Added Services sales during the fourth quarter were $212 million with total sales growth of 13.4%. LCI sales growth of 7.1% included 6.8% LCI sales growth in North America and 9.8% LCI sales growth internationally. In North America, sales growth was driven primarily by our practice management solutions business, particularly Dentrix Ascend, while internationally growth was driven by our Dentally, cloud-based solution. Global Medical sales during the fourth quarter were $1.0 billion and LCI sales decreased 17% as sales were also impacted by the cybersecurity incident. Regarding stock repurchases, we repurchased approximately 692,000 shares of common stock in the open market during the fourth quarter, buying at an average price of $72.32 per share, for a total of $50 million. For the full year, we invested $250 million to repurchase 3.2 million shares. At fiscal year end, we had approximately $265 million authorized and available for future stock repurchases. Additionally, to accelerate the implementation of our BOLD+1 Strategic Plan, we invested $287 million in business acquisitions during the fourth quarter and $955 million for the full year. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow, we continue to benefit from significant liquidity, providing our businesses with the flexibility and financial stability to execute on organic growth initiatives and strategic acquisitions, while continuing to return capital to our stockholders. Operating cash flow for the fourth quarter was an outflow of $32 million, compared with positive $254 million last year. This decrease is primarily due to delayed billings in the quarter relating to the cybersecurity incident, which resulted in abnormally high receivable balances at the end of the year. We expect improvements to cash flow in the first quarter as we make these collections and receivable balances return to normal levels. For the full year, operating cash flow was $500 million compared with $602 million in 2022. Restructuring expenses in the fourth quarter were $21 million or $0.08 per diluted share and were incurred as part of our previously disclosed restructuring initiative. These expenses mainly relate to severance benefits, cost relating to exiting certain facilities, and the planned exit of a non-core business. In addition in the fourth quarter, we incurred expenses of $11 million or $0.06 per diluted share that were directly related to the cybersecurity incident, mostly consisting of professional fees. We expect to incur some additional professional fees and other expenses related to the cybersecurity incident in 2024, but at a lower amount. During the fourth quarter, we also recorded a charge of $27 million or $0.15 per diluted share related to a non-cash impairment of capitalized assets in Europe and a charge of $7 million or $0.04 per diluted share related to a non-cash impairment of some intangible assets. I’ll conclude my remarks by introducing our 2024 financial guidance. At this time, we are unable to provide estimates for costs associated with integration and restructuring for 2024 and direct expenses associated with the cybersecurity incident. Therefore, we are not providing GAAP guidance. As usual, we are introducing 2024 financial guidance for total sales growth and diluted non-GAAP EPS. In addition, we are providing guidance for 2024 adjusted EBITDA. We believe this provides an additional metric reflecting the performance of the business as we pivot to more high growth, high margin products and services. For 2024, we expect our non-GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. to be in the range of $5 to $5.16, reflecting growth of 11% to 15% compared with 2023 non-GAAP diluted EPS of $4.50. This guidance reflects an estimated residual impact of the cybersecurity incident of approximately $0.15 per diluted share, which we expect to primarily impact the first quarter, and an estimated increase in the non-GAAP effective tax rate from 23% to 25% or approximately $0.13 diluted share. We expect to file an insurance claim arising from the cybersecurity incident and believe our claim will be covered under our cyber policy. Although, final resolution is subject to insurer approval, this policy has a $60 million claim limit on an after tax basis with a $5 million retention and we would not expect it to be recognized until later in the year. Our 2024 guidance does not include any associated benefit from potential insurance claim proceeds from this claim. As Stan said, we now believe that sales of COVID test kits and PPE have reached the point where year-over-year comparability has largely normalized and we do not expect to break out the related EPS impact. We do expect there to be some remaining impact from lower year-over-year PPE pricing primarily impacting sales growth in the first quarter. Our 2024 non-GAAP total sales guidance is 8% to 12% growth over 2023 with higher growth anticipated in the second half of the year, reflecting merchandise sales growth from the business recovery from the cybersecurity incident. This sales guidance also includes sales from the acquisitions we completed in 2023. Our 2024 adjusted EBITDA growth is expected to increase by more than 15% versus 2023 adjusted EBITDA of $984 million. As Stan mentioned, we expect market growth rates to be at the lower end of our long-term assumptions. Our 2024 guidance is for current continuing operations as well as acquisitions that have been announced and does not include the impact of future share repurchases and potential future acquisitions. Guidance also assumes that foreign currency exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels and that end markets remain consistent with current market conditions. With that, I’ll now turn the call back to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Ron. The 2024 guidance that Ron just discussed reflects somewhat of a transition year following the cyber incident. That said, we are incredibly pleased with the great strides the team has made in our recovery efforts. Actually, it’s quite remarkable how effective this team operated while actually advancing the execution of our strat plan. We look forward to continuing this momentum and delivering our long-term growth metrics that we established during our Analyst Day event last February. I know we’ve covered a lot of ground today, it’s a little bit complex, but we are here to clarify any questions or thoughts that investors may have. So please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the details on the outlook and the quarter. That was very helpful. I just think as I had a couple of questions about the equipment sales commentary, I was wondering if you could go into a little bit more detail on sort of the end market environment and sort of any way you can quantify what you’re expected push out into 1Q from the cybersecurity impact, specifically on equipment. Yes, that would be a great place to start. Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: I’ll give you some high level thoughts, Elizabeth, and then maybe – can provide you with specific information or numbers to the extent, we’re providing that. So our dental equipment backlog was generally flat with the end of the third quarter, to the end of the fourth quarter, they were about the same. With the North America backlog down mid-single-digits and the international backlog high-single-digits. Now you have to bear in mind that historically our backlog declined significantly in the fourth quarter due to the fourth quarter being the strongest equipment sales quarter. And of course, dentists and physicians wanting to get as much equipment installed in the fourth quarter as possible for tax purposes. So the equipment sales growth in the fourth quarter was impacted by the cybersecurity interest incident, of course, and that’s because we redeployed our sales consultants and particularly our sales equipment specialists in visiting customers and dealing with the cyber incident that occurred. And so they were not focused on generating sales. Our installation operation worked well. Our service operation, all of that recovered almost immediately. But the tradition – so there’s quite a bit of business that’s going to move into the fourth quarter, both in the United States and Canada and then globally. But overall, it’s our view that the traditional equipment market is approximately flat. The market I’m talking about, right, not our sales. And that the digital equipment sales did result in further erosion of the selling price, but – the average selling price, but we believe that we have now gone past that. Of course, there are potentially some opportunities to bring in another round of digital scanners at perhaps a lower price into the United States, perhaps even into Europe, that we think would expand the market even further. But even without that, we think the price has stabilized, number one. But number two, the demand is very, very strong for these intraoral scanners. Also pointed out in the script, and there were a lot of concerns last quarter that DSOs were stopping to invest, there may be some DSOs that have a challenge, but generally our DSO customers are investing both the national DSOs and the more regional DSOs. So we are quite optimistic about the equipment business in general. And there are also going to be some launches in the traditional equipment sales area that we expect a leading manufacturer to undertake this year that will stimulate demand. And as I said, the annualization of the intraoral scanner price decreases. So that’s sort of – maybe there’s more information if you have anything specific we can give you. I’m not sure, Graham, around exactly what numbers we’re providing at this stage, but perhaps you can address.
Ron South: No, Elizabeth, I think what we can say is that we do expect good equipment sales growth in the first quarter, and a lot of that is from some of these orders that got pushed from Q4 of 2023 into Q1 of 2024. We have contemplated the estimated impact of that when arriving to our $0.15 kind of residual impact from the cybersecurity incident. So that $0.15 in some respect, is a net number. It would take into account some of the favorability that we also expect to get from the pushback of some of these equipment orders or sales into Q1.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. That’s super helpful. And maybe as a follow-up, Stanley, you mentioned a bunch of some dental specialty product launches and some additional products and value added services. Can you give us a little bit of context around what those are and sort of how you’re thinking about the contribution of those organic launches? I understand, obviously, you also have the follow through from some of the acquisitions you’ve made in 2023 and 2024.
Stanley Bergman: On the launches, Elizabeth, I’ll give you highlights, if you want more, please call afterwards, because there’s a lot. On the endodontic side, Brasseler is expecting to advance the Pediatric Putty program, lower cost Pediatric Putty, Aquasil, in the K-Files direct endodontics portfolio. This is in Europe. There’s a new NiTi file coming out with edge, the bioceramic sealer launch in the U.S. further activity in that area with edge. On the orthodontic side, I covered this already. We had a significant challenge with the patent expiration of the Motion Pro, and for about three quarters our pricing collapsed. But at this time, the new motion portfolio, the clinical system that we introduced, achieved class one approval and bit delayed, and we’re seeing very good recovery there.
new : On the software side, I can’t go through the list. It’s huge. A huge amount of activity happening, particularly the AI revenue cycle management on the Dentrix Enterprise side, the whole job its analytics side, a lot of, lot of activity going on there. And as it relates to the acquisitions, we’re very pleased with the implant and biomaterial side of biotech. The software that we’re so excited about will be launching in the U.S., what’s actually launched in the U.S. as part of our clinical workflow. The S.I.N. acquisition, although the market in Brazil is quite tough right now, we’re very optimistic from an advancing of sales in the U.S. point of view, as well as introducing a number of the innovative products we have from the BioHorizons, Camlog portfolio into the Latin American market. So I would say, overall, the pipeline of new product introductions, some have already been introduced or will be introduced this quarter. And as the year progresses, you’ll see more and more activity on the specialty side and on the software, as well as some of the value added services products. And the acquisitions are really doing quite well, all of them. So, yes – I mean, if we have questions more on the product side, I think it’d be a good idea to speak to Graham. He has a lot of that information and is very close to these businesses.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Bednar: Hey, good morning, Stan, Ron. Wanted to start on the revenue guidance. Just really hoping we can peel apart a few of the moving pieces as we try to bridge to a core organic growth rate. You’ve got acquisitions that are contributing a few points, maybe a little bit more in 2024, the business recapture and easy comps from the cybersecurity incidents, probably another few points, maybe FX is adding a little bit. Am I right on those? Are we talking one to 5% or 2% to 6% local internal growth for the year? And then if so, can you help with what you’re assuming to get within that organic growth range? If we acknowledge that we’re starting in a little bit of a hole with the cybersecurity incident, what are you estimating for your core organic growth versus your end markets?
Ron South: Hi, Jason. Yes, your estimates are – I would say, are generally accurate. We expect about 3 basis points or 300 basis points of growth that would come from just the recovery on cybersecurity and to get to a more normalized level. And we do think acquisitions can get us pretty close to another 3 percentage points of growth as well. So that accounts for six points there of the 8 to 12, FX could get is somewhere between, say 0.5 point to 1 point. So that kind of narrows down what that internal growth piece would be, which reflects continued accelerated growth in our technology and value added services, some growth, obviously, in the core business as well as in the specialty businesses to kind of COVID that remaining GAAP.
Jason Bednar: Okay. But it accounts, I guess, what does it account for? Just as a quick follow up here, what does it account for in terms of where you’re starting at? I caught from the prepared remarks, you’re maybe 97% or 98% of the way back. But if we’re talking about low end of the guidance or the ranges you gave at your investor day, I’m just maybe having a hard time trying to figure out how we get maybe into that 4%, 5%, 6% range for core growth, unless I misunderstood on where you’re at on recapture.
Ron South: Well, I think the core growth you might be referring to would include specialty. So that’s going to be part of that. We did kind of direct to the low end of the market growth rates that we had communicated on Investor Day last year, but those are market growth rates. So it’s up to us to try to outperform that market, and that becomes part of our growth assumption.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Stansel with JPMorgan Chase & Company. Please proceed with your question.
John Stansel: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to look into some of the margin assumptions here. Now, I think just on a base level, you’ve got adjusted EBITDA margin, probably expanding, call it, 30 basis points at the midpoint. And then on growth, when we think about normalizing for cybersecurity with the numbers you’ve provided, we’re looking at kind of low-single-digit core adjusted EBITDA growth. Is that the right way to think about how you’re seeing the core profit dollars expand when we look to 2024?
Ron South: Yes, I think it’s a good general starting point, John. I think that – there will be – there is some margin pressure that comes from the recovery still from cyber. We did have to delay, for example, some projects in the back half of the year, for example, our global ecommerce platform. So some of those costs are now being incurred in 2024 other investments that we’re making that create a little bit of that margin pressure. But I think as we get to – as we continue to recover from the cyber incident and begin to ramp up the revenues a little bit more as the year goes on, we’ll begin to see improvements in those margins over the course of the year.
John Stansel: Great. And then just looking at capital allocation 2023, you probably were above the long-term guides for cash deployment on M&A. As we think about 2024, is there a shift in the way that you guide us to think about capital deployment, particularly around potentially debt pay down? Then it sounds like you’re not incorporating any share repurchase in the guide. Is there anything we should think about there as it relates to overall capital deployment?
Ron South: Yes, there will be – we’ll continue with some share repurchases. Traditionally, we have not included that in the guide. Last year was a little lighter year for us on share repurchases. We did less in Q4 than we normally would do just to kind of preserve some capital after the cybersecurity incident. I don’t expect us to do a billion dollars in M&A in 2024. I suspect we’ll be something closer to our historical run rates of $300 million to $400 million there. In terms of the general philosophy around capital allocation, we do have you, mentioned some debt pay down? We are carrying more debt than we have historically, so we will be contemplating that as an alternative to use of capital. If we believe that is better accretion than a share repurchase, then we’ll try to mix in some additional pay down on the debt if we think that is more accretive than the other options available to us.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Block: Great. Thanks, guys. Good morning. Yes, a lot of numbers, so maybe I’ll sort of stick to that theme. But, Ron, I get a $5.36 normalized for 2024. I’m taking your midpoint of $5.08, I’m adding back the tax at $0.13, the residual $0.15. And that’s sort of apples-to-apples to the $5.22, and my opinion, in 2023, the $4.50 plus to $0.7 to $0.75. So you’ve got low single digit year-over-year EPS growth, but the revenue growth to the prior question is arguably solid. I don’t know that internal might land you around 3% to 4%. You’ve got some acquisitions you did. That should be accretive in 2024. So can you just provide a little bit more context on why I’m sort of arriving at that low single digit year-over-year? Call it, normalized EPS growth in light of what looks like low to mid single digit solid internal revenue growth?
Stanley Bergman: Yes, John, I agree with your numbers. I agree with your math. As I mentioned before, the 2024 numbers do include some investments we’re making in the business, some things that had to be deferred from 2023, as well as ongoing investment that we believe is necessary for future growth in the business. And that’s reflected within our earnings estimates.
Jon Block: Okay. So then maybe I’ll ask a follow up and the second question all at once. But taking what – that answer into account, you’re providing 2024 guidance today, but I’ll ask about 2025. Some of that stuff is just specific to 2024, right? Like the $0.15 residual and these investments that sort of shifted out at 23 into 24. When we think about your LRP and just some of that longer term – the long term numbers, arguably, when we take that into consideration, I’m guessing 25 might be the beneficiary from a growth perspective, right, as you exit that in 2024. And then – sorry, the second question is, just want to make sure I get 1Q, right. You’ve got an equipment tailwind, but you got a big consumable headwind. And the net of that is the majority of the $0.15 2024 residual impact. Thanks, guys.
Ron South: Yes. I’ll confirm the latter part of your question, Jon. I will confirm, yes, your understanding of that is correct. And yes, we do look at the possibilities for 2025 as being what we said in our Investor Day a year ago that being that our long-term goals at that point in time were revenue growth of 6% to 8% and EPS growth at 8% to 11%. That’s what we’re working to position ourselves for as we get into 2024.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Johnson: Hey, thanks, guys. Let me ask kind of one, two parter just to follow up on two things that have been asked. And then I do have a fundamental question as well. But Jon just threw out a kind of a 3% to 4% organic, hopefully not groupthink here, but that’s kind of where our math was as well. Ron, does that what’s kind of 3% to 4%, I think Jason said kind of maybe a bigger range, but 3% to 4%, kind of the organic core growth rate you’re looking at this year when we take into account deals and the cyber stuff and all that. And then you mentioned a 0.5 point to 1 point on currency, I just want to make sure you’re talking a headwind or a tailwind there as you model it on currency. Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: We have a slight tailwind on currency, Jeff. And yes, 3% to 4% percentage points on internal is a – I believe is what we are shooting for in terms of our goals from an internal standpoint on the revenues. I mean, that’s – when you back out the – that’s kind of backing out a cybersecurity normalization. It’s also taking into account the acquisition. So the residual that is left in that revenue guidance would be in that 3 to 4 point range.
Jeff Johnson: Yes, fair enough. And then the fundamental question I just wanted to ask is, as you move some of the ace surgical stuff now out of the specialty sales force into the FSCs, same with some of the EdgeEndo stuff. Should we think of that as an incremental opportunity? I mean, I guess, obviously it is. But were some of those products already being sold to the GPs, and those sales just getting handed off from the FSCs to the specialty sales reps, and now it’s something that the FSCs can actually get comped on, or is this a big kind of incremental opportunity? Because those products weren’t even really being detailed in a big way at the GP level. Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: Very good question, Jeff. So on the endo side, the portfolio of endo products that is historically sold through distribution in the United States in particular is rather limited. That’s why we entered into the specialty field ourselves. And yes, selling of the EdgeEndo product through Henry Schein in the United States and in Canada will be a net very nice positive. On the A side, Henry Schein’s reps have had access to some of the biomaterials that we offer at Henry Schein, namely the ACE biomaterials. But I would not say that they were focused on this. By providing the specialty salesforce capabilities, I think we should make nice progress within the oral surgery community for the biomaterials, for equipment, and perhaps even some general sales. And then there will be collaboration of course with our implant company in the United States, namely BioHorizons, and also with the S.I.N. product line as that is launched further into the United States. So this is something very exciting. Sales have taken off somewhat, but I expect much more sales after our national sales meeting in the summer this year as the sales force is educated in how to create leads for the specialty sales team in both of these areas.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny with Leerink Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Cherny: Great. Thanks so much for taking the time to chat now. Relative back – going back to the equipment line as you think about not only 2024, but the jumping off point, Stanley, you’ve talked about traditional being at a kind of flattish overall market. How do you see your role, especially on the back of the recovery from the cyber incident taking hold in terms of where your best opportunities are to drive share and where could be the biggest point of variation both the up and downside, not only on traditional, but on high-tech equipment?
Stanley Bergman: Very good question, Michael. Also, I think we continue with our role of helping practitioners operate a more efficient practice so that they can operate a more efficient practice, and on the clinical side. So in order to do that, we believe that our clinical workflow, which I think is quite unique, we covered that at our Investor Day and have made quite a bit of progress in that area. So that leads to greater sales in digital equipment units for sure in the scanners, in the 3D printing arena, I think the chair [ph] side mill is relatively flat today, but particularly in those two areas, as well as 3D printing as well as imaging, 2D, 3D imaging, all connected to our software. I think all of that helps us advance our position on the digital side, where it’s already quite strong, both in the United States, Canada and internationally, particularly in the markets where we offer practice management software. So I think overall the digital side, we will continue, I think to gain market share in a rapidly growing market. On the traditional side, I think we continue to edge forward with our market share. We’ve been doing that for years, both here in the United States and abroad. There are a couple of international challenges, namely in parts of Western Europe where some of the national brands, because of pricing have lost some market share and we’re now selling more of the lower priced brands. So it brings down the selling price. I’m not sure it brings down the profits, but overall, we are quite bullish about our equipment business. It’s not what it was during the COVID – the post-COVID period, the market has stabilized and we are comfortable that we can grow market share. At the same time, our equipment service business is doing very well. We’ve invested in software in systems in that area throughout the world and that is paying off.
Michael Cherny: And just one quick related follow-up, if I can. You mentioned earlier about the IOS scanner pricing being a headwind on growth. I don’t think that’s a surprise to anyone. Do you feel like we’re at the bottom on pricing industry-wide? And if not, what gets us there?
Stanley Bergman: I thought we mentioned, but maybe we were not clear. I think we will see a little bit more in the beginning part of the year and I think we will stabilize. Having said that, there is a possibility of additional less feature friendly, feature full systems being introduced into the United States, but I think that will only expand the market. What we’re – I don’t know what are we 40% of dentists – half the dentists using one of these scanners. I think every dentist should use one. I think the patients want that. And so there’s a huge opportunity to expand the market, plus replacement business is also growing and systems that integrate with our software that is also growing space. You combine that with the 3D printing and the whole digital space is very, very exciting. And I think we’ve probably gotten to the bottom on the price erosion side or close to it, maybe a little bit more, as I said, first three, four months of the year. And if a lower price product is introduced less features, I think that will only expand the market.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Rich: Great. Good morning, and thanks very much for taking the question. I wanted to ask about the, I think you described it as a low-single digit kind of gap in merchandise sales that you’re still seeing related to the cybersecurity incident. What type of customer or purchase have you not seen come back yet? And how should we think about the company’s plans to close that gap? And it sounds like you don’t expect a residual impact to extend beyond 1Q. So do you, I guess expect to recover those kind of order volumes this quarter and sort of be back to pre-incident levels kind of going into the second quarter.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. So that’s awesome. These are good questions. So what happened during the cyber incident? For about a month or so, our website didn’t work, a little bit longer internationally, which resulted in customers who are impulse shoppers, customers that look for pricing when they buy, and customers where we have particular data on what business they are not giving us particular products or particular timing. We didn’t have access to all of that data and we couldn’t really market through our website and through our social media. Of course, that’s back again, and we’re quite active in that area. And I think we’re starting to bring that business back again. These are the customers that are not necessarily called upon by a field sales representative or for some of the products they go shopping or where a telesales representative doesn’t have a deep relationship, or even if the telesales representative had a deep relationship, they were busy taking orders, not calling out. That whole area is the area that we have to reinvigorate. Our Google ratings went down, obviously, because we were not – our customers were not going to Google to buy from us to do searching. All of that is being worked on. I have a tremendous confidence in our team that is involved in e-commerce, and I think that’s how we’ll get that business back again. And we’re already starting to see that. As it relates to the more, the larger customers, I think they’re more or less all back again. I mean, a couple of them may have gotten support from our competition during that period and feel they need to give them a little bit more business. But I think largely that business is back again. We had to satisfy the CISOs [ph] of many of our larger customers that everything’s okay, and by and large, those systems are turned on again. So I mean, it’s going to take at least a quarter, maybe four months, two to four months to get back to normal. I don’t think we’ve lost many customers. Our services are great, whether it’s the services that we offer for equipment installation or for claims processing. There was an incident recently where a big part of the claims processing in our industry was impact by cybersecurity incident through one of the providers didn’t impact us. We came up with alternative procedures very quickly. And so I think people will understand, just like in COVID, when they didn’t have mass, they knew who to call. And so I think our brand in the marketplace is very strong today, and we will recover. I think this business just can’t tell you exactly what day. It’s not going to be long.
Nathan Rich: Okay. Great. And maybe just a quick follow-up on, I think it was Jon’s question on first quarter expectations. Could you maybe just talk about how significant the weather and flu impacts that you mentioned seeing in kind of January, maybe in February were to the business? And just as we put that together, what the kind of residual impact of the cybersecurity incident on consumables, is the right way to think about what you’ll see in the first quarter, sort of like a mid-single digit type decline in that part of the business.
Ron South: Yes. Hi, Nathan. I think that January was a, there was some disruption to patient traffic in January related that we believe was somewhat related to weather, somewhat related to illness. As we – the flip side of that is we did see some increases on the – in the medical business in, for example, flu diagnostic kits, which is usually a precursor to us seeing increased cancellations in the dental offices. So there was some illness impact in January as well as weather. We have seen improvements in February, which leads us to believe that we’re approaching a more – what I would consider to be a more normal traffic pattern as we come out of February into March. I think that there have been – there are other factors we have to take into consideration, obviously, and sometimes there’s a lot of judgment involved in terms of how much of this is residual effect from cyber as we look at our activity versus weather versus illness. So it’s difficult to kind of specify the exact impact of each of those, but we’re reaching our – we believe we are going to reach our Q1 goals. There’s also going to be while we’ve said that PPE is not as going to be as pronounced, the effects of that in 2024 versus 2023. Q1 will have the most significant impact year-over-year for us because of the difference in the price point in Q1 last year versus Q1 this year. So there’s some headwinds year-over-year from PPE as well and other market conditions. So – but we do think that we can reach our first quarter goals in line with our overall guidance for the year.
Operator: We have time for one last question coming from the line of Justin Lin with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Justin Lin: Hi, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in here. Can you remind us what investments you need to make on the commercial execution front to fully realize your acquisitions? I think one example you’ve talked about was kind of bringing S.I.N. Implant to U.S., but any additional color and perhaps Shield and other acquisitions would be great.
Stanley Bergman: Hey Justin, I don’t think there are any major investments to bring S.I.N. to the United States. They already had approval at the time we acquired or invested in the actually acquired the business. Of course, there’s educating about salesforce in the United States. They already have a specialty salesforce. I don’t – S.I.N. has a specialty salesforce. I don’t think that they’re going to have to invest much more than the income that they generate from expanding their sales in the United States, expect that actually to be accretive. So I don’t think that will be an issue. There is some work going on that’s costing us money in the alignment of the aligners between Biotech and Henry Schein orthodontics. We’re going to be merging facilities. We’re going to be moving around the world, different sites for the manufacture of the aligners and going to be operating under one brand. So there’s some investment in that. There’s quite a bit of investment in the recovery of the systems from an operational point of view. But I mean that’s all baked into our numbers and not material in the context of the entire Henry Schein business.
Justin Lin: Got it. That’s very helpful. And just one follow-up…
Stanley Bergman: By the way, Shield, I think will just be – its totally accretive, that whole healthcare – home healthcare business is a very nice business for us and certainly not a drain on earnings. Sorry.
Justin Lin: That’s super helpful. Thank you. And how is the underlying demand for your specialty dental business versus maybe your expectations, right? You’ve touched on implants and endodontics a little bit, but also curious to hear about how clearliners is doing. I know that, that, that business is relatively small still. But I guess like what needs to happen outside of macro getting better to maybe see some accelerated growth in your specialty business overall?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Our – yes, first of all, it’s less than 10% of our specialty business. It’s doing quite well, particularly with DSOs where we provide very good value. I think it’s doing quite well in France, a number of European countries, but again, it’s relatively small and I wouldn’t expect this to move the numbers much from a corporate point of view, other than enables us to go into a customer and offer all the products and related services that the customer may need. So it’s a good product offering. But again, as I said specifically for DSOs, several large ones are quite happy with our software business and that’s with our aligner business and with the software in that field. And it’s growing quite nicely, but it’s really an adjunct to our specialty business. Okay. So let me thank everyone for calling in. I know these numbers are complex. Graham and Ron, stand by to clarify any of the questions you may have, answer the questions. We remain confident in the business, quite enthusiastic with the relatively quick recovery in the latter part of the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. Of course, we had some challenges with the flu in the first quarter. I think you heard that from a number of analysts, read the newspapers. You can see that dental visits were canceled in January, but it’s recovered in February. And our medical doctors did okay with additional flu visits so far in the quarter. I think the recovery is going well. We have to remember that our team was entirely focused on servicing customers and not on sales for most of the fourth quarter, and that our equipment team was really servicing customers but not really going out and selling much in the fourth quarter. I don’t think we missed a lot of business, but we now have to get back into the business of selling, which we are installing. And I think we’ll do fine in the equipment area as well both here and internationally. European business is stable. Australia, New Zealand is stable. Brazil, slightly challenged because of the economy, but we’re still growing. And our software businesses are great. In particular, we are very impressed with how quickly our team at Henry Schein One responded to the challenge of the major clearinghouse in claims, having gone down last Wednesday, and our ability to service claims through alternative methodologies so quickly. I think our customers will appreciate that and I would expect us to garner some new customers in that process. And these specialty businesses are doing well. We believe we continue to grow market share, particularly the implant side, in a market that is relatively stable to slightly growing. And we will be back with, I think some very positive growth on the endodontic side now that the equipment, the systems are fully restored. And, yes, the orthodontic side will grow. So with that, and with our enthusiasm for our digital workflow taking hold, and the medical business continuing to have a great position in that market, including the homecare, I remain very enthusiastic about a strong 2024. And again, Ron and Graham are ready to clarify questions you may have. So thank you very much for calling in. And we’ll be back, I guess, in two months. But I think we’ll be going to some investor conferences as well. And there are some calls that you can call into that some of the analysts have set up. So thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-13 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Henry Schein's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. And I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Graham Stanley, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Financial Project Officer. Thank you. Please go ahead, Graham.
Graham Stanley: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's financial results for the third quarter 2023. With me on today's call are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Ron South, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and included in the Risk Factors section of those filings.  In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based on the company's internal analysis and estimates. Today's remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business.  These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures are included in Exhibit B of today's press release and can be found in the Financials and Filings section of our Investor Relations website under the Supplemental Information heading. For additional financial information, please refer to our quarterly earnings presentation also posted on our Investor Relations website. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, November 13, 2023. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Lastly, during today's Q&A session, please limit yourself to single question and a follow up.  And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman : Thank you, Graham. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before reviewing our third quarter performance, I'd like to update investors on the cybersecurity incident that were discovered on Saturday, October 14, primarily affecting some of our distribution businesses.  That morning, we initiated our business continuity plan when we promptly took precautionary actions, including taking certain systems off-line and other steps intended to contain the incident, which led to temporary disruption of some of our operations. The following week, our distribution centers were processing orders with temporary interim processes and were generally delivering orders to customers within one to two business days.  In accordance with our business continuity plan, we activated a previously identified team of leading cybersecurity experts to assist in the investigation and recovery of the systems and to advise us through the recovery process. Over the past weeks, we have worked to create a clean network in a controlled manner from the backup data we maintained. Our distribution businesses are now operational and we are initiating our e-commerce platform early this week, and we're indeed hopeful that the website will come up tomorrow morning. We've also made significant progress resuming the high levels of service our customers expect from us.  Over the last week, orders from our distribution businesses were approximately 85% to 90% of what they were pre-incident. We expect orders to increase with the reactivation of our e-commerce platform. Of course, our field sales consultants and telesales representatives have deep relationships with our customers, and our complementary software and other value-added services bring value that we believe continues to make us the best choice for our customers in the areas of services we provide. As a reminder, this incident mostly affected the operations of our North American and European dental and medical distribution businesses. Our distribution operations in Australia, New Zealand, Asia and Brazil were generally not affected. Henry Schein One, our practice management software, revenue cycle management and patient relationship management business was not affected. And our manufacturing businesses and our equipment sales and service operations were mostly unaffected. We are now aware that a significant amount of information was obtained by an unauthorized third party in the cybersecurity incident. Bank account information for a limited number of suppliers was misused, and we have already separately addressed this with those impacted. More details have been posted on our Investor Relations website. We are continuing our investigation of the cybersecurity incident. In a moment, Ron will speak about the financial impact of the cybersecurity incident, which will affect our fourth quarter financial results. I would like to extend a heartful thanks to our customers as well as our suppliers and team members for their patience and the incredible support we've received from all of our constituents during this period. Our customers, our suppliers and our team understand that a cyber incident could occur to any business and has been particularly prevalent in the health care arena over the last six months. Turning now to the third quarter. We're reporting solid financial results for the third quarter. We achieved good total sales growth and non-GAAP diluted EPS growth despite continued lower sales of PPE and COVID-19 tests. Our internal sales growth slowed in the third quarter due to some market softness in September as a result of general macroeconomic weakness as well as lower sales of PPE products at COVID tests. However, we believe that the dental and medical markets that we serve are relatively recession-resilient. Sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits continue to decline but at lower rate compared to the earlier year. Increased customer demand for lower-priced corporate brand, merchandise and generic products, along with growth of equipment technical service revenue, also has helped our profitability this quarter. Profitability for the quarter benefited from our technology, value-added services and dental specialty products as we continue towards our goal of achieving 40% of operating income from sales of high-growth, high-margin products. We are now more than halfway through our three-year gold BOLD+1 strategic plan. Despite current macroeconomic conditions and the cybersecurity incident, we have confidence in the stability of the dental and medical markets and remain committed to our strategic priorities and long-term financial model, which includes high-single digit to low double-digit growth in operating income. Year-to-date, we have closed several strategic investments, and just last month, we were pleased to announce the closing of the acquisition of Shield Healthcare, a business that distributes medical products to patients in the home including continuous glucose monitoring. Overall, these acquired businesses are performing well. So let me turn to a review of our quarterly highlights from each of our business units, beginning with dental distribution. In North America, dental offices generally remain busy. However, dental patient traffic somewhat slowed in September. This seemed to be the result of an increase in patient cancellations, which we believe were partially due to the seasonal uptick of flu cases and COVID-19. And our overall consumable merchandise sales, excluding PPE products reflected this. Looking at our international dental business, overall volumes of consumable merchandise held steady across the regions.  Sales of traditional dental equipment in North America have largely reverted to pre-pandemic levels with growth in it mid-single digits. Dental equipment sales continued to be impacted by lower average selling prices, and we expect this to normalize in the first quarter of 2024. The equipment backlog was sequentially slightly higher and included strong orders taken at DS World Show held in September -- actually at the end of September of 2023. This increase reflects typical seasonality as we head into the fourth quarter.  International dental equipment sales reflect a slowdown in sales in large equipment, and this is in parts of the world outside of North America, not everywhere.  Our equipment sales vary quarter-to-quarter, of course, partially as a result of purchasing dynamics of large DSOs. But over the long term, we continue to expect equipment sales growth in the range of low to mid-single digits. Dentistry is undergoing a significant transition to integrate high-tech digital workflow systems in the dental practice. Henry Schein is well positioned to be the brand of choice for our customers who are seeking an integrated digital clinical workflow, and we remain confident in the long-term outlook for dental equipment in general. Turning now to the dental specialties. Overall, we believe we continued to gain global market share during this quarter. Our global implant business grew 40%, predominantly through acquisitions. BioHorizons Camlog to continue to perform -- outperform the market, growing sales in the mid-single digits. Our acquisitions of Biotech Dental in France and S.I.N., S-I-N, in Brazil are showing strong growth in implants and related products in the local markets. Our value brand, The Dentist, is also growing well. This is offset by somewhat slower -- in fact, a slowing market in North America. The performance of our endodontic business continued to be strong, and the clear aligner segment of our orthodontic business grew by double digits, albeit on a small base. So we're optimistic about the long-term growth prospects for the specialty markets as we continue to see adoption of specialty procedures among general practitioners the growing adoption by DSOs of specialty procedures and, of course, due to the macro trends of demographics. We're also optimistic about the dental specialty products in 2024 as we have a robust new product line with upcoming launches in various geographies. So we are really optimistic about our specialty businesses in 2024 driven by the macro demographic trends and our robust new product pipeline. Let's now turn to our technology and value-added services businesses. We had excellent sales growth in our technology and value-added service businesses, driven by the Henry Schein One practice management software sales and by Large Practice Sales, the practice brokerage business we acquired at the close of this quarter. Henry Schein One's growth continues to be driven by practice management software solutions and, of course, particularly by Dentrix Ascend and Dentally, our cloud-based solutions, which provides the opportunity for their practices to integrate clinical workflow, and it's very important throughout the dental office. Once again, the customer base of cloud solutions increased by about 40% this quarter compared to prior year.  DSO accounts in particular are seeking integrated platforms along with the tools that are enhanced by artificial intelligence. In this connection, we recently formed a DSO Strategic Advisory Council, which is strategically focused on growing practice revenues and solving operational issues for large group practices. We of course, have similar programs for midsized practices and for the smaller practices, where this advisory kind of service is provided by our field sales consultants. During the third quarter, we introduced new features and upgrades, including the launch of Lighthouse 360. This new platform facilitates integrated patient communications, reputation management and overall practice success. This feature rich product includes online patient scheduling, digital customized forms for patient intake and payment reminders and more. Henry Schein One's goal is to continue to grow our practice management customer base and to increase the breadth of solutions offered to our existing customers. Our priorities regarding software integration are critical to achieving this goal, and we are well on our way towards an integrated clinical offering for the clinical aspects of the practice with a focus on specialty procedures as well. Turning to our medical business. Third quarter growth was in the low single-digit, excluding sales of PPE and COVID-19 test, similar to recent quarters. This growth reflects high prior year comparison sales growth and higher sales on lower-priced products, including generics and corporate brands, albeit with higher margins. Of note, we are now distributing COVID-19 vaccines, although we do not expect this low margin product category to have a significant impact on sales or profits. In September, we saw an uptick of sales COVID-19 test kits, which we expect to continue into the fourth quarter. So in summary, the underlying fundamentals of our core business remain solid. We are executing ahead of schedule with our 2022-2024 BOLD+1 strategic plan.  So with that in mind, let me ask Ron to discuss the quarterly financial results and our full year guidance. Ron, please?
Ron South : Very good. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning, everyone. As you may have seen on November 2, we filed a notification with the SEC advising that we will not be filing our Q3 Form 10-Q until later in November. This delay is related to our recent cybersecurity incident. We were able to complete our consolidated income statement prior to deactivating our systems. However, we have been delayed in completing our consolidated balance sheet and statement of cash flows, which we normally include as attachments to our earnings release. These statements will be available when our Q3 Form 10-Q is completed. The third quarter non-GAAP financial results for 2023 and 2022 exclude integration and restructuring costs and amortization expense of acquired intangible assets. This is detailed in Exhibit B of today's press release. Note that there are no effects of the cybersecurity incident on our Q3 results as the incident occurred in October. With respect to sales growth in the quarter, I will focus primarily on LCI sales growth, which is internally generated sales in local currencies compared with the prior year and excludes acquisitions. Third quarter global sales of $3.2 billion reflected an LCI sales decrease of 1.2%. However, when excluding sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits, our LCI sales grew 1.1%. We sold $131 million of PPE products in the third quarter of this year, a decrease of approximately 19% year-over-year. And we sold $44 million in COVID-19 test kits, a decrease of approximately 46% year-over-year. Our GAAP operating margin for the third quarter of 2023 was 6.3%, a 52-basis point decline compared to the prior year GAAP operating margin. On a non-GAAP basis, operating margin for Q3 was 8.1%, a 12-basis point decline compared to the prior year non-GAAP operating margin with higher gross profit margins offset by higher operating expenses, primarily acquisition related expenses. Third quarter 2023 GAAP net income was $137 million or $1.05 per diluted share. This compares with prior year GAAP net income of $150 million or $1.09 per diluted share. Our third quarter 2023 non-GAAP net income was $173 million or $1.32 per diluted share. This compares with prior year non-GAAP net income of $177 million or $1.29 per diluted share. Details of acquisition expense and acquisition-related adjustments for the quarter and year-to-date are included in Exhibit C to our press release. The foreign currency exchange impact on our third quarter EPS was immaterial. Now turning to our third quarter sales results. Global Dental sales were $1.9 billion and LCI sales decreased by 0.2%. Excluding sales of PPE products, LCI sales growth for Global Dental was 0.3%. Global Dental merchandise LCI sales increased by 0.3% or 1.1% when excluding PPE products. North American dental merchandise LCI sales decreased 1.2% compared to the prior year and decreased 0.1% when excluding sales of PPE products. International dental merchandise LCI sales increased by 2.9% and by 3.2% when excluding sales of PPE products.  Global Dental equipment LCI sales decreased 2.0% with mid-single-digit growth in traditional equipment, offset by lower digital equipment sales, reflecting lower intraoral scanner prices as a result of new products introduced late last year. Our North America dental equipment LCI sales increased 0.2%. This was against a difficult comparison as North America dental equipment LCI growth was 12.8% in the third quarter of 2022. International equipment LCI sales decreased 5.9% compared to the prior year as a result of some macroeconomic uncertainty in Europe, which primarily impacted digital equipment sales. Dental specialty products include implants, bone regeneration materials, orthodontic products and endodontics products. Sales of these products were approximately $268 million in the third quarter with reported growth of 25% driven by acquisitions. Global Technology and value-added services sales during the third quarter were $210 million with LCI growth of 9.6%. In North America, sales growth was driven primarily by our Dentrix Ascend practice management business. Growth internationally was driven by our Dentally cloud-based solution. Our technology and value-added services and specialty products represented about 35% of total operating income in the third quarter. Global Medical sales during the third quarter were $1.1 billion and LCI sales decreased 4.6% due to lower sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits. In North America, excluding sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits, LCI sales grew 1%. This was against a typical comparison as LCI growth, excluding PPE products and COVID-19 test kits grew 9.7% in Q3 of 2022. Regarding stock repurchases, we repurchased approximately 660,000 shares of common stock in the open market during the third quarter, buying at an average price of $75.79 per share for a total of $50 million. At quarter end, we had approximately $215 million authorized and available for future stock repurchases.  We continue to benefit from significant liquidity, providing our businesses with the financial flexibility and stability to execute on organic growth initiatives and strategic acquisitions while continuing to return capital to our stockholders. As we stated last quarter, we have committed over $1 billion to the acquisitions we have announced so far this year, with $417 million invested in business acquisitions that closed in the third quarter and $668 million invested year-to-date.  Restructuring expenses in the third quarter were $11 million or $0.06 per diluted share and were incurred as part of our previously disclosed restructuring initiative. These expenses mainly relate to severance benefits and costs related to exiting facilities. We still expect restructuring activities to extend through 2024. Let me conclude my remarks with our 2023 financial guidance. At this time, we are still unable to provide estimates for costs associated with integration and restructuring for 2023 and expenses directly associated with the cybersecurity incident. Therefore, we are not providing GAAP guidance. We are updating guidance for 2023 -- our non-GAAP guidance to $4.43 a share to $4.71 a share, reflecting a narrowing of the range of our guidance for 2023 non-GAAP diluted EPS for the underlying business to $5.18 to $5.26 from $5.18 to $5.35 that was previously communicated, reflecting softening macroeconomic conditions and estimated $0.55 to $0.75 per share impact is due to business interruption from the recent cybersecurity incident. As Stan mentioned, we believe that our teams have contained the cybersecurity incident, and we have mostly restored our operations. Although we believe a significant portion of sales had been disrupted while certain systems were offline were deferred, we estimate the percentage of sales growth for the full year will be negatively impacted in the low to mid-single digits. Our estimated fourth quarter impact of $0.55 to $0.75 per share does not include certain expenses directly associated with the cybersecurity incident as we expect to report these as non-GAAP expenses in the fourth quarter. The financial impact does not include any future insurance claim recovery. We expect to file an insurance claim arising from this incident under our cyber insurance policy, although final resolution is subject to insurer approval. This policy has a $60 million after-tax claim limit after a $5 million retention, and any claim recovery will likely not be recognized until late 2024. Our 2023 net sales are now expected to be 1% to 3% lower than 2022 net sales, which is an update from prior guidance of 1% to 3% sales growth. This change in guidance primarily reflects lower sales as a result of the cybersecurity incident which, as previously mentioned, is expected to lower full year 2023 percentage sales growth in the low to mid-single digit range. As a reminder, our guidance also reflects one less selling week to 2023 and 2022. Our 2023 guidance includes higher interest expense than in 2022 as a result of higher interest rates and higher borrowing levels. We also expect an effective tax rate for the year in the 23% range, assuming no changes in tax legislation. Our guidance is for continuing -- for current continuing operations as well as acquisitions that have been announced and does not include the impact of future share repurchases and potential future acquisitions as well as certain expenses directly associated with the cybersecurity incident. Guidance also assumes that foreign currency exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels and that end markets remain consistent with current market conditions. We intend to introduce 2024 financial guidance when reporting Q4 and full year financial results.  With that, I'll now turn the call back to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman : Thank you, Ron. I appreciate that. Operator, we are ready to take any questions that investors may have.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Block : Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking questions. Maybe the first one, just high level. Stan, what are you guys hearing from the customers? The ordering frequency from a practice might be, I don't know, maybe roughly every two to three weeks. So some customers might have encountered the issues pretty minimal number of times, maybe one time, possibly twice at most. What have you guys heard regarding, call it, customer retention? Or do you think you don't have a better feel for that until the actual website is back up and running, which seems, to your prior point, tomorrow morning? And then I'll just ask a follow-up.
Stanley Bergman : Yes. So Jon, that of course is a very important question. We believe we are at this 85% to 90% floor. The larger customers that are more sophisticated from an IT point of view are buying -- using either the e-commerce systems that we offer or workarounds. I would say that is even with the smaller customers -- the midsized customers. The smaller customers are relying on visits from the field sales consultants to collect the orders, or they were until recently, and from the telesales reps. So the funnel for doing that is not as wide as of course, digital ordering.  So I think we will start seeing much more business from the smaller customers, which are a key part of our business as the website returns. But we have very good relationships with our customers, the field sales consultants, tremendous telesales connectivity and, of course, the value-added services. Generally, we've not heard of customers leaving us. Have customers made alternative decisions? Yeah, of course. Some of the buyers of pharmaceuticals couldn't wait, for example, for controlled drugs. We expect our controlled drug system to be up relatively soon.  So I would say, generally, we are heartened by the support we've received from our customers. Jon, as you know, unfortunately, cyber issues in health care have been quite prevalent. In fact, the first six months of this year, there were over 300 incidents in health care alone. So the customer base is quite attuned to this.  And obviously, it's going to be a lot of work on behalf of our field sales representatives and our telesales people as well as our e-commerce team to bring all the customers back. There will be some trailing, I would imagine. But overall, we remain quite enthusiastic about the level of support we receive. And by the way, not only from our customers, but the entire industry has been very, very supportive of us.
Jon Block : That's great color. Thanks, Stanley for that. And maybe I'll pivot, Ron, to you for the second question. Any really high-level thoughts around 2024? And not a specific number, but just maybe just the construct. Should we think about it as sort of growth on the core underlying EPS of $5.22, the revised midpoint, and then offset by, call it, the lag hit on the cybersecurity incident? And on that second point, I just want to make sure, the $0.55 to $0.75 4Q '23 cyber hit, that's all, call it, decremental low sales? I think you said no expenses in there. That would be excluded from non-GAAP. Is there any promotional stuff in there? Sorry, and last sort of question, tack-on, how do we think about the exit impact for December? Because you talked about the top-line impact for the quarter, but obviously December would likely be much lower than what you've experienced in October. So any color on the cadence for the trailing throughout the fourth quarter. Thanks, guys. 
Ron South : Yeah. Thanks, Jon. Yes, you're correct in that the $0.55 to $0.75 that we've called out as Q4 impact is attributable to business interruption impact. It does not include the onetime cost that we are incurring that are directly attributable to reactivating the systems. And right now, it's our intent that when we report the Q4 results, we'll be calling out those particular costs as part of our non-GAAP reconciliation. In terms of run-rate into '24, that will be something that really is largely contingent on the level of business that we see with One web being back up. That is a very important turning point for us. It's something we're very excited about in the organization this week. And I think that we'll have greater intelligence in terms of what's happening with customer retention with One web back up. I do anticipate we will likely have some, whatever you want to call them, customer retention programs or promotions in the quarter that may put a little bit of pressure on I4 margins. I wouldn't expect it to be real significant. But having said that, we do want to show some appreciation to our customers, and we do want to ensure that we go into 2024 with a solid of a base of businesses that we can possibly have.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Elizabeth Anderson : Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question. So as we think about the cybersecurity, you said the website's back up tomorrow, that's great to hear. Now if we think about just sort of like the broader operations that support that, is that something that you feel like is also kind of in a similar place? And obviously, you probably wouldn't put the website up if you're having a ton of internal issues. So I just want to make sure how you feel about sort of the rest of the systems that are supporting that ordering process. And then sort of as we think about 2024, you obviously have the BOLD initiative. I just wanted to see if given the cybersecurity situation or the current demand environment, how do you sort of think about that conceptually, whether there are places there you can accelerate cost cuts. Any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Stanley Bergman : Thank you, Elizabeth. Again also two very, very good questions. So let me just provide one more time the context which, I think, we tried to communicate our prepared remarks. So we experienced the cybersecurity incident, we got suspicious. And what we did was -- and our CTO made a brilliant move, he brought the whole system down immediately.  He knew -- he was quite comfortable that our backups were good. So our backups have turned out to be very good. And what we need to do now is turn on application by application. Before you can turn on that application, you have to do certain forensic work to make sure that there are no sleepers in there. And so that's what we've been doing.  I would say that at the moment, other than the website, we're more or less back to where we were. There are a few areas that require additional turning on, some involving invoicing, some involving the returns function. And the only area we can't really supply right now because we're super cautious is on controlled drugs, although we have an affiliate that was not impacted and they are shipping controlled drugs if need be. We expect all of these areas, and this is expect, to be up and running this week. There are some isolated areas where we have challenges. I would say they have less to do with the customer side. We have some parts of the world where we have WMS systems that are not fully functional yet. It's not impacting the customer because the E3 system, the basic buying system is working, has been working for a while. But it's just taking us a lot more human capital, human resources in receiving the products, putting them away, and picking. Those areas will come back, I think, in the next few weeks. So I think from a customer point of view, we're in pretty reasonable shape today.  Yeah, if a customer has an inquiry on certain purchases made some time ago, we may not be able to give an instant response. We may have to do some research through the backups. But in general, operationally, actually we were doing quite well a couple of days after -- two days after the cyber incident. The key here is to remember that our backups are in pretty good shape, and we feel very confident in the way we're bringing up these systems one at a time.  Our team on the IT side is remarkable, our investor -- our consults are just the best. And we feel pretty good that we are bringing up systems that are stable, and we just have to go through the cycle. But I don't think we're talking about that long. But I'm not sure -- but I'm quite sure that from a customer point of view, other than the items I mentioned, we'll be in pretty good shape tomorrow hopefully when the website comes up.
Ron South : Elizabeth, I'll take the second half of your question. I believe you were asking if in 2024, did I anticipate we would be accelerating any cost cuts. Did I understand you properly?
Elizabeth Anderson : Yeah. That's what I was asking. Thank you.
Ron South : Yeah. I think that we will really go about our business in 2024 as we had originally planned. As we said on the call, we have $1 billion committed to acquisitions, and typically in the year -- in the short-term following acquisitions, we look for synergy opportunities. Some of those acquisitions will stand alone as businesses, but others do provide us with some synergy opportunities that we'll be able to implement over the course of '24 and then just any other normal process that we would go through to identify cost efficiency. So I don't think this -- in the context of the cybersecurity incident, do we feel a need to go out and accelerate any type of cost savings in '24?
Elizabeth Anderson : Got it, thanks so much. 
Ron South : You're welcome. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Johnson : Thank you. Good morning, guys. Can you hear me okay?
Stanley Bergman : Yeah, Jeff. 
Jeff Johnson : Great. Thanks for taking the call so are the questions. So let me ask two questions. I guess they're both kind of intertwined, but just so kind of we level set all of us on how to conceptually think about your outlook from here. First, if we could just ignore the cyber for a second, and I'm sure that's not possible, and that will be my follow-up question. But if we ignore that for a second. Third quarter dental organic growth, right around flattish levels on a global basis, the company-wide 1%-ish. Would those -- if you were counseling us on how to think about kind of our 2024 models, would those be starting off points that you would recommend we think about conceptually and where we build kind of our organic ex cyber kind of growth rates into next year?
Stanley Bergman : So Jeff, obviously, we've provided a lot of thoughts around this, as have analysts and as the industry. So in broad terms, we believe our business is relatively recession-resilient. It goes down a bit, it will come back. Our North American dental consumable business, as you correctly point out, had flat internal growth.  We saw moderate softness in patient traffic in North America due to appointment cancellations, mostly in September. It's hard to tell how long that has continued. It was similar in the first two weeks of October. But thereafter, obviously, because of the cyber incident, it's hard to project. If you look at -- I'm talking about North America now, sales of traditional dental equipment have been largely reverted to the pre-pandemic levels. And we think that's growth in the mid-single digits. Digital equipment sales continued to be impacted by lower average selling prices and it's hard to again give you an absolute as to when we expect this to normalize. My sense is, and that's what our equipment people say, it will normalize sometime in the first quarter of next year. If you look at our international business, overall, volumes of consumer build merchandise held steady across most regions. If you project that into the international equipment sales, there is a slowdown in large equipment in parts of the world. But there are also some unique reasoning for that in places -- for example, in places like Australia, there was a tax incentive that ended. So yeah, I think there is some caution amongst our customers in parts of the world because of the macroeconomic issue in parts of Europe. I don't think it's necessarily bad in any one country. Overall speaking, I think health insurance is, in the U.S. typically provided through employment could be a lagging indicator. So this could impact activities, hard to tell. And if it does, it's probably mostly higher end procedures. I think we indicated that on the implant side in North America, we did see some softness on the premium side. Outside the U.S., of course, we have countries -- there's a lot more government payment to support. So it's hard to give you an indication of really how far down people's views would go of the economy having an impact on dentistry. But from the past, it's never been significant.  By the way, we are seeing similar trends between private practices and the large practices. But of course, equipment sales for the DSOs are not as strong as they were given the cost of interest. But we also have to understand that DSO sales could be lumpy, they always have been. On patient traffic, if you take a look at the ADA [ph] survey, it did indicate some patient traffic slowness in the third quarter, probably mostly in September. There's an argument that it's because of the flu, traditional flu, COVID-19 impact. And then you go and you take a look at implants in Europe where they were okay. So there's not a definitive downward trend, but there is a little bit of caution at the margin. And I think we have to take that position. At least, we have to plan for that.
Jeff Johnson : Yeah. That's helpful. Thank you, Stanley. And so that kind of helps maybe level set us on the core assumptions. Ron, just my follow up then is, as I see it, and correct me if I'm wrong, there's three variables on the cyber that we need to think about heading into next year. Do you continue to run any kind of customer retention programs on the spending side? Do you have any kind of just higher core spending on cybersecurity that you've got to put in place here that you have to put in place that's going to structurally take the OpEx side higher? And then three, is there any kind of customer loss? Do you lose maybe 1% or 2% of revenue or something like that? Because not everybody comes back either for risk-mitigating reasons or other reasons. So just any comment on kind of the two spending categories. Will those be higher next year? And the customer retention, I know it's hard to predict, but would it be safe to build in maybe just a little bit of bleed away of customer? Or do you think you get pretty much most of that back in? Thank you. 
Ron South : Sure, Jeff. I think I'll kind of address the first item around customer retention and the third item of customer loss somewhat together. And I think we will have a greater feel for that in the coming weeks. The -- as I was saying earlier, the restoration of -- or the reactivation of our website will bring us much more intelligence in terms of what that customer retention and what the potential for customer loss might be, and as a result, what the necessary investment may be to recover some of that business and some of those customers. And that will be taken into consideration when we communicate our 2024 guidance in February of next year. I think in terms of higher cyber spend, like everything else, we'll assess where we think is -- what is the appropriate investment if we believe it's necessary relative to anything else, we will do that. But I think right now, we're still in the midst of understanding the cause of this. The forensic investigation is ongoing. And we will invest accordingly according to that, if necessary. If it's necessary to increase that investment, we will.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of John Stansel with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
John Stansel : Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to talk about some of the swing factors that could move you from the $0.55 to $0.75 in the cybersecurity headwind. What are some of the factors that you could see? Is it really just a time to ramp back up to 100% of like pre-incident levels? Or is there anything else built in there that we should be thinking about as we look at that?
Ron South : Yeah, John, I would say there's really two primary things, one being the absolute volumes of customers that -- we have some customers who only use the website to order. And while the website is down, they're not ordering. And now that the website is up, we expect a significant percentage of those customers to return. To the extent that we have to -- that we want to provide incentives to those customers. And that kind of leads us to the second factor that we've taken into consideration, and that is the margins, to the extent we have some discounting in the quarter that would show up in the gross margins.  So I think those are the areas that really are impacting our models in terms of what we believe the Q4 impact will be. We've run multiple scenarios and we've really kind of have triangulated to that $0.55 to $0.75 at this point. We'll gain much more intelligence over the coming weeks -- with the website associated with that.
John Stansel : Great. And then just on the kind of the 85% to 90% of pre-incident volumes, can you give us kind of a sense qualitatively of how that's trended since that, I think, the 24th and onwards when you were generally operational? Has that kind of increased week-over-week? Has that been kind of static? And then, I guess, you kind of indicated there that a big portion of this may just be people who prefer to use the online portal. Is that how you're thinking about the remaining customers who kind of haven't been ordering with you?
Ron South : Yeah. So we're -- we've operated four weeks since we deactivated the system. Obviously, the most significant impact was that we've won. We saw a significant improvement in week two. That led into improvement in week three. And I would say week four was consistent with week three in terms of the volumes that we were processing.  I do think there is a ceiling on that 85 to 90 where we are now that we can get through with One web up. And that will be -- like I was saying earlier, that's the intelligence we need to gather over the next couple of weeks when we see which customers have returned to us to close that 85 to 90 to get it to 100. So that's really where we're operating right now.
Stanley Bergman : Just to add to Ron's comment, for a period of time, the only way our customers' good order with us was through a field sales representative or through telesales. A huge percentage of our orders, something like 70% of our orders, come digitally. That's the good news. We trained our customers that the best way to do business is digitally.  The challenge is that 70% of orders had to go through our field representatives and telesales. That funnel was not large enough for a few weeks. So customers couldn't -- not all customers could buy through us. As we expanded our digital ordering capability, as our field sales people got more efficient ways in which to into the orders and we have incredible work around that came up very quickly, but for a period of time they were not there.  And the telesales team had limited capacity. Of course, we were able to expand the telesales team's capacity. We had a model in place. We have a procedure in place that actually was tested during COVID, and literally overnight, we expanded the capacity. The challenge was the funnels for a few days were not big enough to accept all the orders. So now we can accept the orders. It will be much more efficient with direct customer entry through the website, and we expect that is going to result in customers coming back who had to maybe go elsewhere for urgent products. But I think a number of our customers, specifically some of the smaller ones held out. And I think they will come back and give us the orders that maybe they were holding on to. But it's going to take some time through the end of the fourth quarter for us to ensure that our systems are back to normal and in terms of the customers' thinking
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Bednar : Hey, thanks for taking questions. Sorry for the background noise. [Indiscernible] here. I wanted to ask, of the 85% to 90% that you're talking about, Stan and Ron, are there certain categories that have been slower to come back or certain geographies, maybe bifurcate North America versus Europe or dental versus medical, just anything there. And then I have a follow-up.
Stanley Bergman : I would say on balance, it's spread out reasonably. There are parts of the world where electronic ordering is not as large as, say, in the United States. So those customers have been more comfortable ordering through telesales representatives or field sales representatives. But it's more or less okay. Actually, on average, Europe is a little bit higher but then actually don't have all the systems we have in the U.S. So I don't think you can read anything into that. This is a period when we started out with minimal systems on first day. And by the end of the third day, we had a lot of systems working. And then as the month went by, more and more systems came up.  So it's been a period of the customers adjusting to what's available, some places that may be adjusted faster than others. But I don't think we can read anything in the first month of this incident, anything specific. And some products are more elective than others, aesthetic products or maybe products relating to like toothbrushes, et cetera. They're not necessarily that urgent. So we'll see how this materializes. But I don't think, Jason, I wish we could give you some conclusive information. But there's too many puts and takes here to understand exactly whether these trends are related to particular products or regions.  Let me remind you that our equipment business was operational throughout this period, did not have full support of systems. But mainly for customer needing service, they've got it. Not all the equipment orders that we received are being installed right now. There will be a catch-up in the next couple of months.  We went into the period with a pretty decent backlog of equipment, partially driven by the very successful [Indiscernible]. So not all of that has been shipped as fast as we would have wanted to, not because we don't have the ability to install new equipment but simply because it's just a bit more inefficient given the fact that certain of our equipment systems were not running and we're relying on a lot of manual systems.
Jason Bednar : That's really helpful. Thanks for that color. And then as you think about -- I think a lot of you trying to tease out the exit rate renewal what things look like in 2024. Out of that 10% to 15% where you're still operating the low pre-cyberattack levels, any sense of like of that 10% to 15%, how many of those customers are under contract like large accounts within dental or medical or have your practice management software in the elements that would make it more sticky and really, I think, exemplify how value industry reattain a lot of the business that you expect you will. Thank you. 
Ron South : Yeah, Jason, I think that we do have -- our larger customers have really stuck with us through this, which we're very appreciative of that. And so we don't expect any significant attrition there. The 85% to 90% on the ordering, like I said before and as Stanley added, these are -- a lot of these are customers who are -- don't rely on FSCs, don't rely on our sales reps on the dental side. And so I think that's really the run rate that we'll be looking to improve as we go into '24, and we'll be able to reflect whatever our assumption there is in our '24 guidance when we provide that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Rich : Great. Thanks very much for the questions. I just wanted to follow up there on the cybersecurity incident. Have you had any issues with getting supplier product? I recall you mentioned something in the prepared remarks about some supplier accounts. Just wondering if that's had any impact on inventory.  And from a balance sheet perspective, would you expect any impact on inventory levels in the near term or capital deployment in the near term just as you work through these issues?
Stanley Bergman : Yes, I think this is a good question, Nathan. We did not have E3 operating for -- I can't remember when it was, the first week. So we were buying based on historical data of about a month or so old. That system came up pretty quickly. There was some challenges in the receiving department because we didn't have the full software stored on the receiving side.  But I would say other than maybe one or two actually suppliers that had concerns about corrupting their systems, we're back electronically ordering, even those of, I think, one that I was involved with quickly removed any concern they had. And we've been buying product in an orderly way. I would say that on some manufacturers, we went into the quarter with very good inventory for multiple reasons. But essentially, our suppliers have been very helpful. We've gotten the product we need.  We may have slightly increased inventories in certain areas. But Ron can address the balance sheet, per se. But essentially, I have to say the support we've gotten from our manufacturers has been truly remarkable. Some that helped us with drop shipments maybe in the first week or two. We felt we wanted to lighten up our load in our warehouses, but it wasn't needed. We just took that as a precaution.
Ron South : Yeah. Nathan, just to add to Stanley's remarks, I don't expect this to have a significant impact on our inventory levels. The one area we could see a little bit of impact, and we've baked some assumptions into our Q4 guidance on this, is the -- it could reduce our rebates a little bit because our rebates are largely -- are primarily now, especially in North America, our sellout rebates as opposed to purchasing rebates. So to the extent that we do not recover some of the sales in the fourth quarter could impact our rebates in the fourth quarter. In terms of capital deployment, I don't really see any change. The balance sheet is strong, remains strong going into this incident and strong coming out of the incident. I don't see any significant changes in how we're deploying capital as a result of this.
Nathan Rich : Great. And if I could just follow up quickly, I think it was Jeff's question earlier, just on the outlook for the dental business. I think the revised revenue range didn't really incorporate a significant impact from the macro environment. And I guess I'm just wondering if we should interpret this as the variability that you saw, whether it was patient traffic or equipment sales in certain international markets just hasn't been significant enough to kind of change your view of the overall trajectory of the end market at this point.
Ron South : Yeah. Nathan, I think if you think back to our Investor Day last February, for example, our dental assumption then was, say, in the 2% to 4% range in terms of long-term growth. I think it's probably fair to say we're trending closer to the lower end of that range. And I think that in terms of dental specialties which is included within our dental merchandise numbers that we provide, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, there have been some -- there is some softness in the end markets on implants that I think is probably pushing some of that dental specialty growth that we would like to get more towards the lower end of that range as well.  So I would suspect as we get -- as we sit down and try to finalize our 2024 numbers, while we still feel good in the long term about those growth trends, we could see '24 trading to something that would be more towards the lower end of that range.
Operator: We have time for one last question coming from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Caliendo : Thanks for taking my question. And I appreciate it. How much -- prior to the cyberattack, how much of your revenues typically went through the e-commerce platform, just broadly speaking? I'm guessing it was more than 10% to 15%, right?
Stanley Bergman : Yeah, much more.
Ron South : Absolutely. Absolutely, Kevin. So if you take EDI plus the web combined, so essentially electronics type of ordering, it's in the 70% to 75% range. Well, I think the 85% to 90% on the orders we're talking about, kind of that missing 10% to 15%, we think, is largely attributable to customers who exclusively ordered electronically and did not have a rep. They didn't want a rep. They perhaps use multiple distributors. And so because they didn't have a rep who could assure that they were getting the product that they wanted, they simply ordered from someone else. So I think that's the question, is how much of that business can we get back. That's what we're working to get back.
Kevin Caliendo : Okay. That's helpful. I just wanted to understand the bend Venn diagram here, who we were talking about.
Ron South : Yeah. A lot of those others were able to, through their rep or otherwise, we're able to place orders through our telesales channel, or their rep was able to make sure that their order got put in accurately and completely.
Kevin Caliendo : And I appreciate the commentary around the lower end. That even sounds better than many of your peers have spoken publicly on the trends that they're seeing in October and November for the fourth quarter. What -- I sort of want to ask Stanley this question, just big picture. What do you think is actually driving the slowdown in demand in dental, even if you guys aren't seeing it as acutely as maybe some of the others probably because of mix, probably because of your own positioning? But how often have you seen this kind of macro environment, how long do you think it lasts? What do you think is causing at this time? Just love to hear your take on that and how long do you think it lasts for.
Stanley Bergman : Yeah. Certainly good questions here today. The third quarter, September in the U.S., we saw sales of consumables going down. There's patient data from the ADA, but it's very hard to pinpoint this exactly, how much of that amount going down was because of a switch to maybe some generics a little bit, how much was the result of price resistance because prices have gone up. There's a little bit of that in there, too. How much was because of flu and COVID. We're not talking about many hundreds of basis points. We're at the margin, yeah. And to conclude anything from September and the first two weeks of October is very hard for us to pinpoint a clear direction.  What we've seen in the past is the sales of consumables may go down for quarters, but doesn't last much longer than that. And it's a strange recession. It seems like, on the one hand, the consumer is resisting. On the other hand, retail sales don't seem like a disaster. I mean, they've not been great. But I think we're talking about at the margin.  In Europe, there is government support. So it's not going to be as elastic. But there is a little bit of concern with the geopolitical environment. Although when we look at Germany, it's not terrible. I would say there's been on the equipment side some resistant to the resistance to more expensive equipment and there's been a switch to less expensive equipment. It doesn't really impact that much -- have such a huge impact on us. The gross profit may be a little bit less. But generally, there are so many other variables on the equipment side that I can't say for sure that the trends in Europe on equipment are going to significantly impact our profitability of our equipment business. In fact, there's more -- much more money to be made on the efficiency of our service network.  So we're talking about at the margin here in terms of consumables. Equipment in North America is the one area I didn't cover. Traditional equipment is pretty stable. Digital, there is, of course, switching to some newer devices at lower price. So there's some volatility there, but there's also good demand for the digital equipment. I'm talking about the IO devices. On the mills, it's not 100% switch between mills and 3D printing, although 3D printing is doing very well. Expect that at some point, we will see 3D printing be adopted by more DSOs. Won't be necessarily a sequential increase, but there could be lumpiness in that.  So I'm just giving you a number of factors to draw a conclusive summation of all of that or a conclusive one consolidated number is very difficult to give you. But in my experience, been around a long time, these consumable trends on the negative side don't last long, and I'm talking about dental.  On the medical, the demand is still pretty good in the ultimate care setting, many more procedures moving from the hospital. I wouldn't read anything into our specific growth for the quarter other than to take into account last year, we had almost, I think, 9.5% or almost 10% growth. So you average it out maybe 4% to 5%, 5% to 6%. So the business is relatively stable, which is a good place to conclude the call. Is that correct?  So thanks for that question. Operator, let me just say a few things before we end. The business, in general, we have good branding. We have a good strategic plan. Our IT people and the team came through in a remarkable way. At some point, we're going to have to deal with cyber threats as a country, as a world. It's one of the top concerns on CEO's list, and we're going to have to put much more money into law enforcement in this area.  Law enforcement has been extremely collaborative cooperative. But this is a new area -- and it's not brand new, but the number of attacks is increasing significantly each month. And I think the way our team handled it, brought down the systems, the backups are working, built it up application by application, verified that the data that was being put live, activated live was good and was safe. Just unfortunately takes time. But I think we've dealt with it in a pretty expeditious way, and I believe, from a high quality point of view. Great advisers, the board that is quite experienced in this arena. Two board members that have direct experience in this area that, of course, have been advising us for several years. And our BOLD+1 plans are still in place. The Henry Schein One continues to do very well. Expect the clinical workflow area to do very nicely. Artificial intelligence is, I think, will gain acceptance within the DSO movement in the not-too-distant future. I think we have a winning product offering in that regard.  The equipment is stable. I've given you our thoughts on consumables. And we now just need to complete, bring up all of our systems and then ensuring that our recovery from a customer point of view is executed well. Our sales force is ready to go into the field and to advance recovery. And our telesales people are doing the same. And our digital team are also activating customers from that point of view. So I thank investors for your patience. I wish we didn't have to go through this, but the organization came through in an enormous way and the support we've received from our customers in the industry has really been phenomenal. So thank you very much. We'll be back with our fourth quarter numbers, I believe, report end of February?
Graham Stanley: Mid-February.
Stanley Bergman : Mid-February. And I think our filings with the SEC, although a little -- an aspect of it has been delayed for a few weeks, it will be on time. And thank you very much for your patience.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-07 22:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to Henry Schein’s Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is recorded. And I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Graham Stanley, Henry Schein’s Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Financial Project Officer. Thank you. Please go ahead, Graham.
Graham Stanley: Thank you, Operator. And my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein’s financial results for the second quarter of 2023. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Ron South, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I’d like to state that certain comments made during this call will contain -- will include information that’s forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company’s performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and included in the Risk Factors section of those filings. In addition, all comments about the market we serve, including end market growth rates and market share are based upon the company’s internal analysis and estimates. Today’s remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures are included in Exhibit B of today’s press release and can be found in the Financial and Filings section of our Investor Relations website under the Supplemental Information heading. For additional financial information, please refer to our quarterly earnings presentation also posted on our Investor Relations website. The content of this conference call contains answers to information that is accurate only as of the date of this live broadcast, August 7, 2023. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Lastly, during the Q&A session, please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Graham. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We are today reporting solid results for the second quarter, driven by our North American dental businesses with strong equipment and steady general merchandise sales, and with continuing strength in sales of our technology and value-added services, our implants, biomaterials and endodontic products. The underlying fundamentals in the U.S. dental market remains strong and demand for dental services and customer confidence continues to improve as, of course, evidenced by our -- by the ongoing investments our customers are making in their practices. In addition, we are seeing growing demand for our implant systems and endodontic products, as well as our integrated software and services solutions, which are generating strong growth by delivering greater efficiency and a better experience to our customers. In the alternate care market, that’s the medical market, electric procedures are close to normal levels, while second quarter visits to primary care physicians were down year-over-year, reflecting last year’s higher visits to physician offices and urgent care centers as a result of the extended flu season last year. As expected, sales of PPE and COVID test kits continue to decline. However, we are now seeing sales level off sequentially -- we are now seeing sales level off sequentially and we expect the year-on-year impact to be much lower in the second half of 2023. When excluding these product categories, local currency internal sales growth for the company was 3.3%. In general, our North American dental business performed better than we expected at the start of the year, offset by some incremental COVID-related headwinds facing our medical business, as discussed earlier on. Our outlook reflects overall confidence in our business and in the markets we serve, and accordingly, we are affirming our non-GAAP diluted EPS financial guidance for 2023. Our financial results and guidance demonstrate the strength of the business as discussed earlier and continued advancement of our 2022-2024 BOLD+1 Strategic Plan. We are successfully executing key initiatives -- the key initiatives actually, in the plan including expanding our specialty products and value-added services portfolio, optimizing our distribution businesses, leveraging key customer relationships and driving digital transformation. Year-to-date, we have committed over $1 billion to acquisitions that accelerate the implementation of our strategic plan, adding high growth, high margin products and services to our offering. With this clear focus, we believe we are well positioned to further enhance Henry Schein’s leadership in the markets that we serve and to deliver long-term sustainable shareholder value. Among the larger transactions are our strategic partnership with Biotech Dental, which we closed in April, the acquisition of S.I.N. Implant System, which we closed in July, and the recently announced acquisitions of Shield Healthcare and Large Practice Sales, which we expect to close in the third quarter. With these transactions, we have significantly expanded our implant, bone regeneration and clear aligner product portfolio, digital workflow capabilities, presence in distributing products directly to the patient in the homecare arena and value-added services. Continuing our strategy of following the patient to provide healthcare services where it’s being delivered, we expect our recently announced agreement to acquire Shield will create an offering with more than $300 million in annual revenue that distributes medical supplies across the United States directly to patients in their home. On completion of this acquisition, this business will be led by Adam Hughes, who joined Henry Schein as Vice President, General Manager of Homecare Medical Products and has significant experience in this area. We are excited about the fundamentals of this market, which supports a growing aging demographic experiencing more chronic disease beyond added convenience to the patient, the trend of moving care to their home is expected to provide efficiency in the overall healthcare system. And most important, many of our customers have asked us to provide the service. We have been providing it in a moderate way up to now, but now we are committed to advancing our position in this market to support our customers, who have requested us to move into the homecare arena as a continuum of care. Our homecare medical product offering will now include enteral, ostomy, incontinence, wound care and diabetes products, and we plan to leverage our physician relationships, as noted earlier on, product distribution expertise and corporate brand assortment to further grow this area. Also for many years, we have had a successful practice transitions group dedicated to existing smaller and midsized dental practices. And I am enthus -- most enthusiastic about the acquisition of Large Practice Sales, a leading transition advisory services business which expands our capability to advise dental practices on Larger Practice transitions, of course, being of service to our DSO customers as well. We are also advancing the integration of our digital -- of our dental digital workflow software with our practice management software to create a unique digital solution for dental practitioners. In this connection, we have asked Andrea Albertini, CEO of our International Distribution Group to lead the cross-company One Schein solution and accelerate out what we have internally called our three-click integrated software solution for our customers. This simplified open architecture process begins with the capture of any image from an intraoral scanner or 2D/3D Digital Imaging unit through our practice management software, followed by the application of embedded artificial intelligence solutions to help in diagnosis, case acceptance, planning and design and ending with direct -- with the direct connection to fabricate the prosthetic through either [inaudible] mill, a 3D printer or the transmission digitally of the file to the dental lab. Let me now turn to a review of the quarterly highlights from each business unit, beginning with the dental distribution. In North America, dental offices were generally busy and this helped our second quarter dental merchandise growth, of course, excluding sales of PPE products. A driver in equipment sales was a broad equipment -- was, of course, our broad equipment offering, which enabled our customers needing solutions to increase productivity to meet demand, and of course, drive up the efficiency of the practice, and of course, better clinical care. North American dental equipment sales were up double digits, sales of traditional equipment continued to be strong and we are pleased that sales of digital equipment returned to growth this quarter. International equipment sales were relatively flat to the prior year. The equipment backlog in North America has held steady and our international equipment backlog is returning to pre-pandemic levels. Now turning to our dental specialties. Sales of dental implants and biomaterials were key drivers in the second quarter, complemented by endodontics and clear aligner businesses. We are seeing implant demand increasing in North America with sales of our BioHorizons Camlog premium implant delivering mid-single-digit growth, a sequential improvement versus the first quarter, internationally, demand for implant systems remains very good. Generally, demand for implants continues to favor value-priced products. We believe that our Camlog -- our BioHorizons Camlog product offering is well positioned. But also the moving of demand for value-priced products is reflected in our double-digit growth achieved by our Medentis provider of dental implants and bone generation products. Looking at recent deals, our transaction with Biotech Dental brings a market-leading portfolio of dental implants at clear aligners to Henry Schein and digital workflow software. Similarly, on the other hand, that S.I.N. Implant Systems provides us an entree into the large Brazilian implant market and complements our successful Brazilian general dental consumables and equipment business. Both Biotech and S.I.N. offer high quality implants at an attractive price and we have exciting opportunities of expanding these cost-competitive products to other geographies, including the United States, providing, of course, a more comprehensive offering and enabling us to be even more competitive in the implant and bone regeneration space. This quarter, growth in our endodontic business continued to be driven by our Brasseler and Edge brands in both North America and internationally. Our orthodontic business is making steady progress with our aligner business, although this is still a relatively small component of our global revenues. We are seeing growing demand for our specialty products from DSOs and that’s from -- specifically from our DSO customers, and recall, we have a pretty decent market share in the DSO market and we see continued adoption of specialty procedures among dental practitioners. We have grown our global implant bone regeneration and related products and services into over $800 million in revenue and our specialty products to approaching $1.2 billion in revenue in the aggregate on an annualized basis. We now offer a broad range of premium and value alternatives to North American and international practitioners. We expect dental specialty growth to accelerate in the second half of the year due to these acquisitions, but also due to year-over-year comparisons easing. Now let’s turn to the technology and value-added services business, where the largest component, of course, is Henry Schein One. Global growth in Henry Schein One is being driven by ongoing migration to our cloud-based practice management software solutions, Dentrix Ascend and Dentally, and by growth in our revenue cycle management business resulting from increased patient traffic driving a higher volume of e-claims. Dentrix Ascend and Dentally grew to approximately 7,000 customers and this today represents approximately 40% year-over-year growth. Customers and prospective customers are partially -- particularly enthusiastic about incorporating our artificial intelligence solution into their practice management software product. We believe our embedded solution is certainly best-in-class. We have grown our technology and value-added services businesses into an almost $900 million revenue portfolio on an annualized basis. In addition to Henry Schein One’s technology solutions, we now offer a broad range of value-added services through our businesses such as eAssist, which provides revenue cycle management, and Unitas providing advice on PPO agreements with insurance providers along with other services including financial services, practice transitions, staffing services, education and remote patient monitoring for office-based dental and medical practitioners. We expect the technology and value-added services sales growth will accelerate during the second half of the year. Turning now to the medical business. During the second quarter, our medical business achieved low single-digit growth, excluding PPE products, and of course, COVID-19 test kits. This compares with mid-double-digit growth last year. It’s really important to us then, when results benefited from some late season sales at point-of-care flu diagnostic tests. This year, excuse me, was a more typical flu season, and as a result, we had much lower sales of flu COVID-19 and multi-assay diagnostics and related products. Sales growth was also affected by the conversion of certain pharmaceuticals and other products to lower priced generics and corporate brands, of course, with a higher gross profit margin. This is a trend that is taking place throughout healthcare. Sales of medical equipment were relatively soft in the market. The market took a temporary pause to assess likely future demand. However, we have subsequently seen investment interest return in July. So, in summary, the fundamentals of our core business remains solid, in fact, very good, and the team is executing well on our 2022-2024 BOLD+1 Strategic Plan. With that, I will turn the call over to Ron to discuss specifics relative to our quarterly financial results and provide full year guidance. Thank you. Ron, please.
Ron South: Thank you, Stanley, and good morning, everyone. I will be discussing our results as reported on a GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis. Our second quarter non-GAAP financial results for 2023 and 2022 exclude integration and restructuring costs and amortization expense of acquired intangible assets. This is detailed in Exhibit B of today’s press release. With respect to sales growth, I will focus on LCI sales growth, which is internally generated sales in local currencies compared to the prior year and excludes acquisitions. Second quarter global sales were $3.1 billion or an LCI sales decrease of 0.2%. However, when excluding sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits, our LCI sales grew 3.3%. We sold $138 million in PPE products in the second quarter of this year, a decrease of approximately 28% year-over-year and we sold $26 million in COVID-19 test kits, a decrease of approximately 62% year-over-year. Our GAAP operating margin for the second quarter of 2023 was 6.5%, an 81-basis-point decline compared with the prior year GAAP operating margin. On a non-GAAP basis, operating margin for the second quarter was 8.2%, a 14-basis-point decline compared with the prior year non-GAAP operating margin. Excluding the impact from lower PPE and COVID-19 test kit sales, we estimate that non-GAAP operating margin expanded 27 basis points. Second quarter 2023 GAAP net income was $140 million or $1.06 per diluted share. This compares with prior year GAAP net income of $160 million or $1.16 per diluted share. Our second quarter 2023 non-GAAP net income was $173 million or $1.31 per diluted share. This compares with prior year non-GAAP net income of $179 million or $1.30 per diluted share. These results were impacted by a decreased contribution from lower PPE and COVID-19 test kit sales, estimated to be $0.08 per diluted share relative to the prior year period. The foreign currency exchange impact on our second quarter EPS was immaterial.  As Stanley mentioned, we have committed over $1 billion in the acquisitions we have announced so far this year, with $250 million invested in equity investments and business acquisitions in the second quarter of this year and we have subsequently signed agreements committing another $800 million. The increased capital deployment for acquisitions has impacted quarterly financial results more than in previous years. The second quarter 2023 GAAP and non-GAAP financial results included high acquisition activity that resulted in acquisition expenses of $6 million or $0.04 per diluted share, which were offset by net acquisition related fair value adjustments of $16 million or $0.09 per diluted share, including a related re-measurement gain resulting from the purchase of a controlling interest of a previously held equity investment. This resulted in a net favorable impact of $10 million or $0.05 per diluted share for the quarter, as illustrated in Exhibit C to our press release. On a year-to-date basis, the favorable net impact of these acquisition expenses and acquisition related fair value adjustments, including the related re-measurement gain resulting from the purchase of a controlling interest of a previously held equity investment was only $0.01 per diluted share. We are confident that these strategic investments will drive enhanced growth and value creation over the long-term as we accelerate the implementation of our 2022-2024 BOLD+1 Strategic Plan. Turning to our second quarter sales results. Global dental sales were $2.0 billion and LCI sales increased by 2.0%. Excluding sales of PPE products, LCI sales growth was 3.7%. Global dental merchandise LCI sales increased by 0.7%, but increased by 2.8% when excluding PPE products. North America dental merchandise sales were flat compared to the prior year and grew 2.6% when excluding sales of PPE products with good underlying growth offset by lower growth in our dental lab business as a result of digitalization and in our traditional orthodontics business. International dental merchandise LCI sales increased by 1.9% and by 3.2% when excluding sales of PPE products. Global dental equipment LCI growth was 6.4%. Our North America dental equipment LCI sales increased 9.8% as we continue to see strong sales growth for traditional equipment and sales of digital equipment in North America returned to growth. International equipment LCI sales increased by 1.6%. Dental specialty products include implants, bone regeneration materials, orthodontic products and endodontic products. Sales of these products were approximately $270 million in the second quarter, with growth of 15.7% driven by acquisitions and good implant sales in both North America and internationally, particularly in Austria, Switzerland and in Germany, where we have a leading market position. Global technology and value-added services sales during the second quarter were $193 million, with LCI growth of 5.5%. Sales were again negatively impacted by a government contract which expired early in the third quarter of 2022. LCI sales growth was 6.9% when adjusting for this contract. In North America, sales growth was driven primarily by our Dentrix Ascend, practice management and revenue cycle management businesses. Growth internationally was driven by our Dentally cloud-based solution. Global medical sales during the second quarter were $950 million and LCI sales decreased 5.3% due to lower sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits. In North America, excluding sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits, LCI sales grew 2.0% and were impacted by lower flu cases versus the prior year, which resulted in lower point-of-care diagnostic tests and related product sales. Keep in mind, this was against a very difficult comparison as LCI growth, excluding PPE products and COVID-19 test kits grew 14.3% in the second quarter of 2022. Regarding stock repurchases, we repurchased approximately 638,000 shares of common stock in the open market during the second quarter buying at an average price of $78.36 per share for a total of $50 million. At quarter end, we had approximately $365 million authorized and available for future stock repurchases. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow. We continue to benefit from significant liquidity, providing our businesses with the financial flexibility and stability to execute on organic growth initiatives and strategic acquisitions, while continuing to return capital to our stockholders. We further strengthened our balance sheet by recently extending the maturity date of our $1 billion revolving credit facility to July of 2028 and also closed on a new $750 million credit facility. Operating cash flow for the second quarter was $274 million, compared with $157 million last year, primarily as a result of lowering inventory levels. Restructuring expenses in the second quarter were $18 million or $0.10 per diluted share and were incurred as part of our previously disclosed restructuring initiative. These expenses mainly relate to severance benefits and costs related to exiting facilities. We now expect restructuring activities to extend through 2024. Let me conclude my remarks with our 2023 financial guidance. At this time, we are still unable to provide estimates for costs associated with integration and restructuring for 2023, therefore, we are not providing GAAP guidance. We are affirming our guidance for 2023 non-GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. of $5.18 per share to $5.35 per share, which is down 1% to 4% compared with our 2022 non-GAAP diluted EPS of $5.38 and includes the previously announced $0.05 to $0.10 dilution from 2023 acquisitions, which is consistent with our prior guidance and has been updated to include second quarter results and the impact of all acquisitions that have been announced so far. The net impact of acquisition expenses and acquisition related fair value adjustments, including the related re-measurement gain resulting from the purchase of a controlling interest of a previously held equity investment is expected to be insignificant for 2023 and has been included in guidance. We expect these acquisitions to contribute to earnings growth beginning in 2024. It is important to recognize that we expect year-over-year growth in diluted EPS to be higher in the fourth quarter than in the third quarter of this year. Our guidance for 2023 assumes total sales growth of approximately 1% to 3% over 2022. As a reminder, our guidance reflects one less selling week in 2023 than 2022. Our sales growth reflects a larger decline in sales of COVID-19 test kits, which we now expect to decrease by approximately 70% to 80% from 2022 versus our previous guidance of a 65% to 70% decrease. Additionally, PPE product sales are expected to decrease about 25% to 30% versus our previous guidance of a decrease of 20% to 25%. Despite the expected lower PPE and COVID-19 test kit sales, the impact on 2023 non-GAAP diluted EPS from PPE products and COVID-19 test kits is still estimated to be $0.35 per share to $0.40 per share due to higher-than-anticipated gross margins on PPE sales relative to our original guidance. We are driving strong earnings momentum in our underlying core businesses and we still expect non-GAAP operating income will grow in the high single-digit to low double-digit range when excluding the contribution from PPE products and COVID-19 test kit sales. We continue to expect non-GAAP operating margin contraction of 10 basis points to 15 basis points from the 2022 non-GAAP operating margin of 8.2% and this was largely a result of lower PPE products and COVID-19 test kit sales and profits. Our guidance reflects non-GAAP operating margin expansion when excluding income from PPE products and COVID-19 test kit sales. Our 2023 guidance includes higher interest expense than in 2022 and as a result of higher interest rates and borrowing levels. We also expect an effective tax rate for the year in the 23% range, assuming no changes in tax legislation. Our guidance is for current continuing operations as well as acquisitions that have been announced and does not include the impact of future share repurchases and potential future acquisitions. Guidance also assumes that foreign currency exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels and that end markets remain consistent with current market conditions. With that, I will now turn the call back to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Ron. We are here to answer any questions which investors may have. So, Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question. I have maybe one shorter term question and one long-term question. In terms of the shorter term question, obviously, the fair value adjustment was new this quarter. And I just wanted to sort of make sure I understood, was this something that you knew sort of last quarter when you updated your guidance or because I am just trying to understand whether the guidance moved down ex that? And then for my longer term question, it’s obviously very interesting with you adding all these new capabilities and geographies in. How do we think about, like, for example, for S.I.N. and like how long that might take or what your plans are in terms of bringing those implants into the United States? And then similarly, in terms of the medical, the ability to sort of push those sort of more broadly across -- the new products across your portfolio? Thank you so much.
Ron South: Certainly, Elizabeth, I will take the first question and Stanley will respond to your second question. So the re-measurement gain was something we contemplated in our guidance. We didn’t have a definite amount for it, just like we weren’t sure how much our acquisition costs were going to be either. So, ultimately, those -- as we have kind of demonstrated in that exhibit to the press release, those amounts once we realized the higher expenses and we also realized the net re-measurement gain have largely offset on a year-to-date basis. So, yes, our guidance does contemplate the effect of those items. And Stanley, if you want to take the second question.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you. Elizabeth, the S.I.N. Implants, not the whole line, but significantly important part of the portfolio already approved in the U.S. are selling to some extent and are being well received by our particularly DSO customers where we, in fact, by coincidents last week were able to land a pretty decent DSO that is interested in the S.I.N. Implant System. It puts us whole S.I.N. transaction puts us in a very competitive position now, because to some extent, in the U.S. and maybe some other markets, although Camlog -- BioHorizons Camlog is a premium product selling at a slightly lower price than some of the major brands, if not all of them, we still were missing a piece in our portfolio on the more economic side of implants and now I believe we are well positioned with S.I.N. and I believe in the next year or so, we will be able to also launch the Biotech line in the United States. Different market segments, but I think we are definitely in a very competitive position now and are actually starting to see some sales.
Elizabeth Anderson: Very helpful. And then for Shield as well, that’s sort of a similar time line and you can sort of push that across your broader portfolio later this year or is that more of a -- we should think about that as more of a 2024 type of occurrence?
Stanley Bergman: No. I think we acquired Prism about a year or so ago or two years ago, which was mostly an East Coast business with a relatively limited portfolio. Shield puts us into the West Coast with a broader portfolio. And Shield was missing the wound care offering that Prism had. So we believe we will create synergies relatively quickly. There are costs, of course, on the integration, which we have taken into account in our guidance, mostly one-time costs. But I think in 2024, we should be able to start adding accretion in a nice way. This has really been an area that our customers, our big IDN customers have wanted us to perform and we didn’t undertake these kinds of services. We have one DSN -- IDN in New York area that we service in the homecare area, but we didn’t really have the full capabilities between these two acquisitions and another small one which we hope to announce soon, we will have a pretty good offering in products for the home and will be a great extension to our physician and urgi care business.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Brandon Vazquez with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Vazquez: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe first on one high level question just on the macro backdrop. Can you guys talk about where you are seeing some strengths and weaknesses in the environment today? I think maybe equipment looked pretty strong in the U.S., but maybe a little weaker international and then consumables globally looked kind of stable low single digits. So curious how all these segments on the dental side are playing out from the macro side?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Thanks for that question. On the macro side in North America, I believe there is stability on the dental side. That’s what our team believes in general. Consumables, people are -- patients are returning to the dental office if data is not perfect. But if you look at the latest ADA survey and some recent analyst reports and studies, it suggested that patient traffic picked up throughout the second quarter after the steady volumes in the first quarter of 2023, and so we -- and we also -- of course, we had some volatility in the first quarter of 2022. And so it appears that patient flow is good. July, from our point of view, was a good month. Our e-claims data also suggests that, what I have just described is backed up again by e-claims data from Henry Schein One. If you peel on in a little bit further, at least from our point of view, implant sales continue to grow well in North America, same for endodontics. Our small aligner business is showing similar times of trends. If you look at international, it’s slightly more tepid in international. It’s hard to tell, because we are now in the summer month that when -- the summer months when Europe is largely closed. Having said that, we did suffer in the second quarter because of the strikes in France. I would say Germany is okay. We had pretty strong numbers in 2022 from a comp point of view, because we had the trade in in the second quarter of 2022. Patient traffic in Germany, which is our biggest market outside of the U.S., seems to be steady. There is somewhat of a staff shortage. But again, it’s really hard to tell. This is the vacation month now, July, August and it’s very hard to tell exactly what is happening in Europe, Germany. But from our checks, it’s pretty steady. We don’t see much of a deterioration at all. In fact, it could be on the positive side. So, generally, dental and medical are okay. on the medical side a little bit more. We did have high comps last year, a 15% almost growth. So the medical is not going to -- as we did caution at the time, present that kind of growth going forward. There is some trading to more generic products, specifically on the pharmaceutical side doesn’t impact the absolute dollar profits. But I think medical is at least with the ASC business is back to where it was before COVID. And I think if you take out the unusual visits that we experienced in the first half of last year because of flu, I think, medical is stable as well. I think on the other hand I believe our market share is growing. On the specialty products side, again, I think, we have covered this in our call, and at least from our point of view, we don’t see any major impact from the units’ point of view. It is trading to lower priced products, specifically from our DSO customers. But in general, our markets are stable and I think we are quite comfortable at this moment. Our backlog on equipment year-on-year in North America is pleasing, similar to where it was at the end of last quarter and on the international side is building up again to pre-COVID level. So I would say stability all around that would be our view at this moment. Thank you.
Brandon Vazquez: Perfect. Thank you very much. One -- and maybe one other quick one for Ron. We are trying to -- can you clarify, you may have given this already on the call, but just to be clear. Can you kind of talk about what EPS growth is in 2023 and based on that guidance ex the PP&E COVID and part of why I am asking is just to make sure we understand what underlying dynamics are as we are kind of looking at our 2024 models where maybe PP&E and COVID sales can kind of stabilize and we can return to some more normalized growth rates? Thank you.
Ron South: Yeah. Our full year guidance is still $5.18 to $5.35 and that includes an expected $0.35 to $0.40 headwind versus the prior year of impact on EPS from contributions from PPE sales and COVID-19 test kit sales. So those -- that remains unchanged from a guidance standpoint. While we have adjusted the some of our revenue assumptions on those products because of the better-than-expected margins on the PPE sales, we haven’t had to adjust the $0.35 to $0.40 expected headwind that was built into our original guidance.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Stanley, maybe I would like to dig a little deeper on your North American comments. Consumables, you described that market as fairly stable, I think, that fits with a lot of our survey data as well. The consumables number, though, did come down to 2.5% on an organic basis ex-PPE this quarter, last quarter it was 6.5%. Do you think that’s just the comps from the Omicron stuff in the first quarter last year that really helped inflate that first quarter number, was there any change in the pricing dynamics? Any other factors kind of bridging from the 6.5% first quarter to the 2.5% consumables this quarter? Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Very good question, Jeff. Thanks for asking. I think you need to take the fourth quarter of 2022 and the first quarter of 2023 and more or less average out because of the cut-offs. It leans a little bit higher in the first quarter, but it certainly was a 6.5% growth of apples-to-apples. I think we have covered that in the past. I would also suggest that inflation in the consumable world, in the dental arena has muted. Maybe some products individually of certain brands have gone up. They are not necessarily sticky from the manufacturer pass-through. We are not -- the manufacturers are not necessarily able to hold all these consumable price increases. At the same time, there is a movement towards corporate brand/generics, and some of the smaller brands are doing well, where some of those manufacturers are prepared to keep prices or even reduce prices. So it’s very hard on a one quarter basis to give you the perfect measurement of mix. But I would take into account the cut-offs for 2022 for the fourth quarter and I would take into account the fact that generally there’s been some deflation in merchandise prices. And I would say this is particularly coming from the larger DSOs and the midsized DSOs who are to-date a lot more educated consumers than in the past. This is not really impacting our margin per se, the general mix of our margin to DSOs. So there’s a lot of nuance in what I just said. Let’s see what happens in the third quarter and fourth quarter. But my sense is the trend that I just described is not going to change much.
Jeff Johnson: All right. That was going to be my follow-up, Stanley. So is there more deflation to come or have we kind of taken that step down and you think we can hold steady from there? And then, Ron, just a follow-up on your -- on the non-recurring below the line, well, I think, it was above the line actually this quarter on the one-time gain. The 5% to 10% -- $0.10, I am sorry, of dilution is unchanged that is on a gross amount. You are talking about a net been impact from acquisition activity being close to flat this year. If you had provided that net guidance last quarter, would that have also been flat? So, essentially, you are not changing your gross or your net acquisition guidance for the year? Just wanted to understand that? Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: Jeff, it’s hard to tell, as I -- maybe I wasn’t clear, exactly what the impact is going to be of deflation, whether it’s price reduction on specific branded products or switch to generic or other manufacturers for specific kinds of products. Yeah, I doubt, we are in more than 100-basis-point, 150-basis-point swing, maybe 200-basis-point, but I am not sure it’s much different to that. So I don’t think inflation is going to be significant in the dental consumable business. I think it may go down slightly to deflation, but we are in that range. Units are holding more or less steady. Of course, from our point of view, we are growing our specialty business, although the business may be growing, that doesn’t have an impact really in a material way on our total sales of dental consumables because it’s not material in the context of the whole consumable offering. Having said that, specialty products are impacting our margin in a positive way and so our corporate brands and some of the smaller manufacturers.
Ron South: And Jeff, to answer the second part of your question, the $0.05 to $0.10 that we referred to after the first quarter when we amended guidance was specific reference to the expected dilutive effect during the year from biotech. The -- we are holding that $0.05 to $0.10, but it now is for all the acquisitions that we have announced so far this year. Apart from that, we have higher-than-expected acquisition expenses, which are largely offset by the re-measurement gain that we recorded in the second quarter as well. So we kind of have set those aside and that was the purpose of Exhibit C to the press release, so people could see the components of that and we are holding to the $0.05 to $0.10 of dilution, but now it captures all of the acquisitions that we have announced today.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Bednar: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I will actually follow-up there on kind of the track that Jeff was going down. But maybe so, Ron -- just maybe first starting on gross margins. I mean, those are still hanging around multiyear highs despite what I think are maybe some inventory step-up costs from the Biotech Dental transaction. So could you quantify how much inventory step-up may have hit in the quarter in terms of hitting that gross margin and earnings? And then with absorbing the dilutive S.I.N transaction and your reaffirmed guidance today, can you give us some detail on how to think about what the dilution is from that deal that you are absorbing, even rough numbers, is it a few pennies, a nickel, a dime? Anything there would be helpful.
Ron South: I will start with the quantifiable one first. The step-up charge that we have and it will be disclosed in the 10-Q as well, in the second quarter for Biotech was $2 million. So not a real significant effect on gross margin. In terms of S.I.N, it is absorbed within that $0.05 to $0.10. There’s also going to be a step-up on S.I.N, but they don’t turn their inventory as quickly. So we don’t expect it to quarter-to-quarter have as dramatic of an effect. So S.I.N without kind of disclosing the modeled dilution on that, I can tell you that it is absorbed within that $0.05 to $0.10.
Jason Bednar: Okay. And then on the $2 million, I guess, just a quick follow-up there, is that $2 million steady as we go forward for the next quarter or two for 3Q and 4Q or does that need to move higher just as we think about how to model gross margins…
Ron South: Biotech…
Jason Bednar: … for the back half of the year and...
Ron South: I am sorry, Biotech -- just to answer you quickly, Biotech churns our inventory about twice a year. So we have about another quarter of that inventory step up left. So it will be another $2 million in Q3 and then we will be able to move on from that.
Jason Bednar: Got it. Perfect. And then as we think about the composition of the equipment backlog, you mentioned it’s holding steady, but it sounds like maybe that’s starting to shift back towards high-tech equipment. Could you drill down into what areas of high-tech you are seeing that recovery leading? I would assume it’s mostly in iOS. But just wondering if you are starting to see any better results on the digital imaging or anything on the milling or 3D printing side that’s maybe influencing some of your comments today?
Ron South: Yeah. We are very pleased with the equipment growth we had. I mean, North America equipment growth on an LCI basis of 9.8%, especially in this environment on some of the high-tech equipment traditional remains very high at -- our LCI in North America on traditional equipment was growth of 14.6% and that was with virtually no movement in the backlog. It’s almost identical from the beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter. So it’s very indicative of ongoing strong demand for traditional equipment. On the high-tech side, we still have some headwinds on scanners, but it’s price related. We are getting good values on scanners, but the revenues are down, some on the scanners. We do have -- I think they are down 12.1% on, well, I am sorry, digital restoration sales were down 12.1%, but the scanner revenue is still down 40% for us year-over-year and that’s really a pricing matter. Having said that, on high-tech equipment, we did achieve very -- a little bit of growth. It’s single-digit, low single-digit growth, but we did get some high-tech growth, which we are pleased with and that’s coming from some growth really kind of across the Board. You mentioned a lot of the categories, some growth in mills, some growth in 3D printing. Those are all coming off relatively low basis, but nevertheless they are providing us with some growth and that’s helping the category.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Block: Great. Thanks, guys. Good morning. Maybe just the first question on dental specialties. I think the reported was up 15.7%. I don’t know if I missed it, but do you have a precise internal number for that division? And then just to go a little bit further down the road, how implant growth shook out within whatever that internal number was? Was it above overall internal below and just maybe your thoughts on ongoing share gains or implant share gains, pardon me, now that you have got some of those investments in the more robust implant portfolio to work with going forward? And then I will ask a shorter follow-up. Thanks.
Ron South: Certainly, I think, with reference to our specialty growth. I mean we have kind of elected to stick to total sales growth in order to be consistent with the message we had around specialties in our Investor Day. So we are really -- we are focusing on total sales growth as opposed to LCI sales growth. We think it’s more reflective of our strategy for that portfolio of products. We remain very bullish on implant sales. I think that we have gotten -- we had growth in North America, as well as internationally on implant systems. Endodontic sales on the specialty side remain very strong for us, both inside and outside the U.S. Stanley, anything you wanted to add on the specialty side?
Stanley Bergman: Yeah. Jon, that was -- thank you for that question. If you look at just North America, sales of our BioHorizons Camlog premium implants, remember that -- it’s a premium implant at a slightly lower price than, perhaps, our competitors in the premium area, delivered mid-single-digit growth and that’s a sequential improvement versus the first quarter. Internationally, implant demand remains good. Remember, we have a very small business in China. Generally, demand for dental implants, again, favored the low price part. Although I must say, for BioHorizons Camlog, we did very well in our biggest market, which is Germany, Austria and Switzerland. But Medentis did very well also in Germany, which is on the lower end. So, overall, we are quite comfortable, actually, very excited about our growth in the implant business. Hard to tell you how we are doing compared to others. The data from the association that reports premium implant sales is not yet available for the second quarter. But my sense is we have gained market share, both in terms of units and in terms of euros, dollars. So as it relates to the competitiveness of our product line, Elizabeth asked a question earlier on, we were missing a piece in the lower end of the mix in North America. I believe S.I.N will enable us to be highly competitive in this area, specifically with DSOs, large ones and midsized ones. I just want to go back to the ID, the sensor DI question earlier on. I think we reported this time last year that our sales that include a large sale of DI equipment to substantial DSO and so if you take that out. The units are more or less returning to where they were and there still is some deflation, but not a significant amount. And on the DI side, it’s not really deflation relative to a particular brand, but there are lower priced brands that we are selling more of relative to the larger brands.
Jon Block: That was helpful. Thank you. And maybe I will try to ask a tight second question. Just for medical, ex-PP&E -- ex-PPE and COVID was up 2%. And I know flu was a year-over-year headwind. But just the past couple of quarters, that’s come up a little shy versus our expectations. I know you talked about the long-term thoughts at the Analyst Day. But in the more intermediate term, is there a way that we should think about that division, maybe with the balance of 2023? You are still standing on a couple of comps maybe, but maybe just talk to us on how you see that unfolding for the balance of 2023, again ex-PPE, COVID. Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Yeah. It’s very hard to give you specifics. I think we are doing well in terms of units with our existing customers. We are gaining customers. But the whole area of visits unrelated to steady visits relative to urgi centers and normal type medical visits is hard to gauge, because of the impact of the seasonality of flu and we sell quite a bit of flu-related products, be it the test or the related products that go with the test. At the moment, it seems pretty steady. It’s -- I wouldn’t want to say this, really, I wouldn’t want you to view this in the wrong way, but COVID is growing a little bit. So people are going more to the physician offices to check things out. So July was a lot better. But you can’t draw conclusions. There was a lull in equipment sales. We had a lot of good inquiries in July. But it’s hard to give you a specific number. The impact of generic pharmaceuticals is quite a bit on the injectable side, not the vaccine side. We don’t sell many tablets and capsules, not our business. So overall, it’s a good business and whether it’s 3% or 5% or 6%, I don’t think that impacts the overall profitability in a meaningful way. There are so many puts and takes in our medical business. But we feel very good about our medical business and continue to believe that on a unit basis we are growing market share.
Operator: We have time for one last question coming from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question. Hello, A.J. your line is live. Our final question will come from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Rich: Great. Thanks for fitting me in at the end. I will ask both upfront. First, I wanted to go back to the commentary around traditional equipment and the equipment backlog in North America stabilizing. It has obviously been coming down, I think, as we cycle through some of the supply constraints. I’d just be curious outlook for demand, though, how you are thinking about that over the balance of the year and what you are seeing with respect to kind of practice formation and remodels just in the current environment that we are in? And then, Ron, maybe a clarification on the margins, any commentary on the margin outlook between 3Q and 4Q, I guess, especially as it relates to potential timing of acquisition and expenses between those two quarters? Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: So, Nathan, on the equipment, I believe that demand is quite good and steady. Some of the larger DSOs continue to invest. There may have been a bit of a pause a few months ago when some of these DSOs, perhaps, highly leveraged, we are looking to determine whether they really should invest or not. But there is a demand for dental care and I believe that our bigger DSOs are growing, one or two of them had some operational issues, which I think are largely behind them. But I believe that they are investing. I am talking about the largest size and the midsize are growing as well, smaller practitioners not so much. But, overall, I would say, the demand for traditional equipment is there. The -- on the digital side, the DI scanners are growing in terms of units. Yes, there’s -- to some extent, movement to the lower priced units, but not discounting of any particular unit in a material way, just to switch as more people look at this area, very important to realize the high comp we had in one area in the DI area last year, we disclosed that on our call. And the mills, I would say, are steady. There’s a demand. It’s not as hot as it was, sort of a trade-up, that helped a bit. And 3D printing is quite hot, tick up back a little bit. If you look at our numbers, in general, we are a big player on the dental lab side. There is a movement away from consumables into digitalization. So that movement is also impacting, to some extent, the sales of consumables and resulting in an increase in equipment. But overall, I think, our equipment backlog in the United States, which is pretty similar to what it was at the end of last quarter, I think, is indicative of the desire of dentists to invest in their practices, to make the practices more efficient and provide better digital outcomes. A nice way to even look at that is -- another way is to look at the investment in AI. We have -- and it relates primarily to our Henry Schein One software where we have I believe the most integrated solution, embedded AI in our software and the units of those are growing there. This is all tied to the desire of invest -- practitioners to invest in their practice. So I think the market is stable to growing and international is quite complex and different issues in different countries. But in the countries where there is large government support like Germany, from our point of view, it’s stable, although there is a shortage of dentists, and hopefully, France will sort itself out after Labor Day. The rest of the markets are stable. There’s some ups in Australia because of a little bit of incentives for this quarter. Brazil is pretty stable, and overall, Canada is stable. So I would say, the dental markets are pretty stable, solid overall.
Ron South: And Nathan, just one thing to add on the backlog. The -- like I mentioned before, our backlog in North America has stayed pretty constant over the course of the quarter and we saw a very good sales growth. Yeah, I would -- quite frankly, I would like that backlog come down some, not just for the revenue lift it would give us, but it’s just better for our customers to reduce the timing of that backlog so they get their equipment more quickly and it increases capacity in the end market, quite frankly, for -- in those situations where that backlog is for equipment that is new to the business as opposed to replacement. So we would like for that backlog to come down. But right now, we still up in North America, we are experiencing a fairly consistent backlog. In terms of your question on Q3, Q4 margins, I do think that, especially at a gross margin level, we can continue at the levels we are at. I think that it’s indicative of the growing importance of the dental specialty products in our overall portfolio, as well as the growth in our technology business and I think we can continue with that as we get into the back half of the year. Of course, there’s always -- it’s a broad portfolio. There are things that can impact that. For example, Q4 tends to be a heavier quarter for equipment sales than other quarters and those sales tend to be at slightly lower margins than what our overall margin is right now. So that can bring down margins a little bit, but in exchange for the additional sales, we will clearly take that. So I don’t know -- I think that that’s -- my general expectation is we will be able to continue with the margins that we have seen in the first half of the year into the second half of the year.
Stanley Bergman: So, thank you. I know we have gone over, 8 minutes over a lot of time. Thank you everyone for calling in. Again, we are very pleased with the progress we are making in the business, both the core business, our specialty businesses, our software businesses. The markets are steady, lots of ins and outs, subtle points. But generally, we are comfortable with where we are today. We have reaffirmed guidance. Sorry about the complexity on PPE and test and the acquisitions, expenses and related costs and income generated in that area. But this will I think, we will try to make it clearer for our investors to make it as simple as possible for the remainder of the year. But I think next year should be a relatively clean year, and hopefully, you will see that we -- our confidence in the business is justified. So thank you all for calling in, of course, Graham and Ron are available to speak with investors over the next days and thank you for calling in. We remain confident in our team. Thank you to the team for the tremendous work that has been undertaken as we come out of the other side of COVID and implement our strategic plan. So thank you all and have a great remainder of your summer. Thank you very much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-09 10:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Henry Schein's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. And now, I would like to introduce you to your host for today's call, Graham Stanley, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Financial Project Officer. Thank you, Graham. Please go ahead.
Graham Stanley: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's financial results for the first quarter of 2023. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Ron South, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and included in the Risk Factors section of those filings. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. Today's remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe that non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures are included in Exhibit B of today's press release and can be found in the Financials & Filings section of our Investor Relations website under the Supplemental Information heading. For additional financial information, please refer to our quarterly earnings presentation also posted on our Investor Relations website. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that secrete only as of the date of the live broadcast, May 9, 2023. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Lastly, during the Q&A session, please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Graham. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning. We are most pleased to report very good financial results for the first quarter of 2023 that are in line with expectations we provided at the beginning of the year, and reflect the good earnings momentum in our underlying core businesses. Market trends stayed consistent with those we discussed during the previous quarter's conference call compared to the fourth quarter of last year, where we saw a high number of flu cases patient traffic to dental offices around the world has recovered and is at or nearing pre-pandemic levels. Patient traffic through the physician practices has also normalized. As we anticipated, our results continued to be impacted by decreasing sales of PPE products and COVID test kits. Within the PPE credit category, the pricing focus was lower. Again, as we discussed, but pricing at this stage has stabilized on a sequential basis. COVID-19 test kits volume was lower. Excluding these product categories, we achieved strong internal growth companywide of 6.3% in local currencies. Our financial results were also adversely impacted by acquisition-related expenses as well as foreign exchange. With respect to acquisitions, our pipeline remains robust. In early April, we closed our acquisition of a majority stake in Biotech Dental a business with a market-leading portfolio of dental implants and clear aligners, and we also recently announced our plans to enter the large Brazilian implant market with the acquisition of S.I.N. Implant System, one of Brazil's leading manufacturers of dental implants and a complement to our successful resilient general dental consumables and equipment business. And we also announced the acquisition of Regional Healthcare Group entering the medical market in Australia and New Zealand and leveraging our dental infrastructure in the region very successful business we have today in the region. I'll discuss these in more details in a moment. Today, we are updating our non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance, financial guidance for 2023 to include the impact of Biotech Dental, the acquisition of Biotech Dental. The outlook for the underlying business is consistent with prior estimates, including expectations for operating income growth in the high single to low double-digit percentage range when excluding the contribution from PPE products and COVID test kits and acquisition-related expenses. Let me now turn to a review of the highlights from each of our business units. So let's begin with dental, the dental distribution business. Overall, the underlying fundamentals of our dental end markets remain solid, fueled by an aging global population, low unemployment levels and global -- and a growing global awareness of health care benefits of preventative care and oral hygiene. First quarter dental sales growth, excluding PPE products, reflect stable patient flow. Dental merchandise sales, when excluding PPE products, was very good, partially driven by lower prior year merchandise sales comparison that was impacted by the higher level of flu cases and some COVID -- Omicron COVID-19. Our dental equipment sales were solid. Traditional equipment sales grew very well, while digital equipment sales comprising of 2D, 3D digital imaging, mills, intra-oral scanners continued to be lower than the previous year. In North America, the traditional equipment growth included some price increases introduced in the second half of last year as well as good growth in our parts and service business. We've been focusing on this area for a while. This growth was offset by a decrease in sales of digital equipment. The market for intraoral scanners is healthy, as demonstrated by increased unit sales in the quarter. However, as we commented last quarter, our sales decrease reflects declining average selling price for intra-oral scanners, plus we also had a significant sale in the previous quarter -- in the previous year of scanners to a DSO. Unit sales in other digital categories are lower, and we believe are now normalized compared to the last year. We also posted good sales growth in dental equipment in Europe. International dental equipment price inflation has not been significant, and the growth was supported by the equipment backlog, which is reverting to a more normalized level in Europe and also, our parts and service business is doing quite well. The biennial IDS show in Cologne in March was once again a good event for Henry Schein. And from a sales perspective, the overall impact was consistent with previous IDS meetings. Our global equipment order book, which is mainly comprised of traditional equipment, remains robust and it's up year-over-year. Let's take a look in a bit more detail on our Global Dental Specialty business. Our Global Dental Specialty product sales growth increased from the fourth quarter. We continue to expect modest year-over-year growth to the first half of the year given the strong first half of 2022. Implant sales growth was driven by meaningful growth in our premium Camlog product line in Germany, Austria and Switzerland, where we have our biggest strongest market share in the category, and we continue to achieve double-digit growth in our Medentis value price line. In North America, we are seeing an increase in dental specialty practices being acquired by larger DSOs. Importantly, we have excellent relationships with a growing number of DSO accounts and are committed to driving specialty product conversion at practices within those networks. We also continue to see growing adoption of specialty dental procedures amongst general dental practitioners and as demonstrated by enrollment in Henry Schein's continuing education courses in these categories. As mentioned earlier, recent highlights in our Global Dental Specialty business was the acquisition of a majority stake in Biotech Dental and an announcement of our entry into the Brazilian implant market with S.I.N. Implant System -- through the acquisition of the S.I.N. Implant System business. Biotech Dental provides Henry Schein with a comprehensive integrated suite of planning and diagnostic software as well as a fast-growing portfolio of dental implants and Clear Aligners. Together, these products resulted in revenue of approximately $100 million in 2022. We are particularly excited about bringing the Biotech Dental software products to our customers, along with our existing portfolio of practice management software and clinical software we will offer a seamless digital workflow solution to a growing number of customers worldwide, very, very exciting. Last week, we announced a definitive agreement to acquire S.I.N. Implant System, which is one of Brazil's leading manufacturer of dental implants with revenues of approximately $60 million in 2022. This agreement marks our planned entry into the large Brazilian implant market. Brazil has been a very good growth market for Henry Schein, where we have brought good value to Brazilian dentists and dental laboratories over the last five or six years since we became active in that market. S.I.N. recently expanded distribution of the value price dental implants including United States and other geographies. We expect this transaction to close later this year, subject to, of course, regulatory approval. Both the S.I.N. Implant System and the Biotech Dental transactions represent progress we are making to advance our BOLD+1 strategy, which calls for us to focus internal growth and, of course, business development activities on the high-growth, high-margin opportunities and particularly with innovative products and services. This quarter, our endodontic business continued to grow nicely, primarily through our [ Brasseler and Edge brands in North America. Our orthodontic business is quite small, but we're pleased with the continued positive development of our Clear Aligner business, particularly with DSOs. So now let me turn to our Technology and Value-Added Services business, where the largest component, Henry Schein One, which had an excellent quarter. Investing in growing these businesses a key pillar of our BOLD+1 strategic plan and we believe our customers are recognizing the advantages in technological innovation that we bring to the marketplace. Growth in North America continues to be driven by Dentrix and Dentrix Ascend cloud-based solutions and customers upgraded from our Easy Dental product with the Easy Dental lifecycle ending later this year. International growth was supported by the entirely cloud-based solutions for customers outside the United States, particularly in Australia and New Zealand, where it was recently launched. The number of customers on Dentrix Ascend and Dentally, these are our cloud-based solutions, has increased approximately 30% over the last year. We are very, very pleased and excited with our customers moving to our cloud-based solutions. We also saw growth with our revenue cycle management insurance claims product with growth driven by the number of e-claims reprocessed and enhanced functionality by electronic invoicing and reimbursement solutions. Sales of this product are a strong indicator of the underlying markets as evidenced by the higher number of e-claims we processed. In short, our practice management solutions provide a competitive advantage to our dental business. Our highly integrated software is at the core of the operatory and supports clinical workflow while improving practice efficiency. Our practice management software also provides opportunities for us to sell products and solutions into the practice, including digital devices demand generation analytical software as well as our growing AI-enhanced product portfolio. Towards the end of the first quarter, we announced the full integration of Detect AI powered by Video Health and Bola AI into Dentrix Ascend. This software automatically analyzes digital images to identify and localized carriers allowing for faster evaluation of x-rays and effective treatment recommendation. Products -- this AI product offering has been well received. Additionally, our new voice technology feature improved speed and efficiency for dentists and hygienists when completing periodontal exams and clinical nodes. While it is still early in the launch, we have already seen good adoption of this new AI-driven solution, and we are excited to extend our reach and support dentists in providing the best possible patient care. So in our medical business, the distribution business, during the first quarter, our medical business achieved growth of 4%, excluding PPE products and COVID-19 test kits. As I mentioned last quarter, we expect the internal sales growth in our underlying medical business to continue to grow quite nicely, but at a somewhat slower pace this year than last year, given the prior year comparison resulting from significant growth we achieved last year. We remain highly bullish also on our medical business. Unit sales for COVID tests were down significantly. And within the PPE category, drug pricing has stabilized, albeit at a lower price than last year. Looking at specific product categories, once again, pharmaceutical and equipment sales were strong, while sales of point-of-care diagnostic products decreased to some extent because of the high flu diagnosis last year this quarter. We were also pleased to announce our acquisition of Regional Healthcare Group in Australia and New Zealand both growing markets that have contributed to the growth of our dental business. Through this acquisition, we will be able to further leverage our Australian and New Zealand infrastructure and expand our global medical products footprint. In summary, the underlying fundamentals of our core business remain solid, and we are executing well as anticipated with our BOLD+1 strategic plan. So we're very comfortable with where we are. We're bullish about the business and are excited as we advance our BOLD+1 strategy. With that in mind, I will turn the call over to Ron to discuss our first quarter financial results and our full-year guidance. Thank you very much, everyone.
Ron South: Thank you, Stanley, and good morning, everyone. As we begin, I'd like to point out that I will be discussing our results as reported on a GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis. Our first quarter non-GAAP financial results for 2023 and 2022 exclude restructuring costs as well as amortization expense of acquired intangible assets. This is detailed in Exhibit B of today's press release. With respect to sales growth, I will focus on LCI sales growth, which is internally generated sales in local currencies compared to the prior year and excludes acquisitions. First quarter global sales of $3.1 billion reflected an LCI sales decrease of 3.7%. However, when excluding sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits, our LCI sales grew 6.3%. This sales growth benefited somewhat from the timing of our fiscal reporting calendar whereby the December 2021 holiday week was included in the first quarter of 2022, but Q1 2023 did not include a holiday week as it fell in the fourth quarter of 2022. In the first quarter of 2023, we sold $149 million in PPE products, a decline of approximately 35% year-over-year and $52 million in COVID-19 test kits, a decline of approximately 80% year-over-year. On a combined basis, PPE and COVID-19 test kits declined approximately 60%. As a reminder, our first quarter sales in both PPE and COVID-19 test kits were especially strong last year. Our GAAP operating margin for the first quarter of 2023 was 5.7%, a 196 basis point decline compared with the prior year GAAP operating margin. Our non-GAAP operating margin for Q1 was 7.7%, a 102 basis point decline compared with the prior year non-GAAP operating margin. This decline was mainly a result of lower gross profit dollars from PPE and COVID-19 test kit sales, which helped to cover our fixed costs as well as higher acquisition-related costs, partially offset by gross margin rate improvement. First quarter 2023 GAAP net income was $121 million or $0.91 per diluted share. This compares with prior year GAAP net income of $181 million or $1.30 per diluted share. Our first quarter 2023 non-GAAP net income was $161 million or $1.21 per diluted share. This compares with prior year non-GAAP net income of $200 million or $1.44 per diluted share. Several factors adversely impacted our GAAP and non-GAAP results this quarter. Specifically, the contribution from PPE products and COVID-19 test kit sales to diluted EPS decreased by an estimated $0.24 per diluted share relative to the prior year period. Acquisition-related costs impacted diluted EPS by $0.04 per diluted share this year compared with approximately $0.015 per diluted share last year. And note that these acquisition costs are operating expenses that we do not add back for non-GAAP reporting purposes. Additionally, foreign current exchange negatively impacted our first quarter diluted EPS by approximately $0.02 versus the first quarter last year. So turning to our first quarter sales results. Global Dental sales were $1.9 billion, and LCI sales increased by 4%. When excluding sales of PPE products, LCI sales growth was 7.4%. Global Dental merchandise LCI sales increased by 4%, but increased by 8.4% when excluding PPE products. We expected strong merchandise sales growth as last year's sales were impacted by the Omicron variant and timing of the reporting calendar, as I previously mentioned. North America dental merchandise sales increased 1.3% and by 6.6% when excluding sales of PPE products. International dental merchandise LCI sales increased by 8.1% or 11% when excluding sales of PPE products with strong sales growth in Central Europe, Australia as well as in Brazil. Global Dental equipment LCI growth was 3.9%. We had strong LCI sales growth for traditional equipment, and this was offset by a decrease in digital equipment LCI sales. Our North America dental equipment LCI sales increased 2.6%. International equipment LCI sales increased by 5.8% and were bolstered by tax incentives in Italy and the UK, which ended this quarter, and in Australia, which are due to expire at the end of the second quarter. Dental Specialty products include implants, bone regeneration materials, orthodontic products and endodontic products. Sales of these products were approximately $233 million in the first quarter with LCI growth of 4.4%. Global technology and value-added services sales during Q1 were $191 million, with LCI growth of 6.5%. Sales were again negatively impacted by a government contract, which expired early in the third quarter of 2022. LCI sales growth was 12.4% when adjusting for this contract. In North America, sales growth was driven by our practice management and revenue cycle management businesses. Growth internationally was driven by our Dentally cloud-based solution. Global Medical sales during the first quarter were $971 million, and LCI sales decreased 17.1% due to lower sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits. In North America, excluding sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits, LCI sales grew 4.2%, led by strong medical equipment and pharmaceutical sales offset by lower point of care diagnostics revenue. Keep in mind, this is against a difficult comparison as North American medical LCI sales growth, excluding PPE and COVID-19 test kits was approximately 15% in Q1 of 2022, driven by higher office visits related to the Omicron variant. Regarding stock repurchases, we repurchased approximately 1.2 million shares of common stock in the open market during the first quarter buying at an average price of $81.70 per share for a total of $100 million. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow. We continue to benefit from significant liquidity, providing our businesses with the financial flexibility and stability to execute on our organic growth initiatives and strategic acquisitions, while continuing to return capital to our stockholders. Operating cash flow for the first quarter was $27 million compared with $93 million last year, with the decrease primarily due to lower income from PPE and COVID-19 test kits as well as restructuring expenses incurred in the quarter. Those restructuring expenses in Q1 were $30 million or $0.16 per diluted share and were incurred as part of our previously disclosed restructuring initiative. These expenses mainly relate to severance benefits and costs related to the exit of facilities. We expect to continue to record restructuring charges during the remainder of 2023. Let me conclude my remarks with our 2023 financial guidance. At this time, we are still unable to provide estimates for costs associated with integration and restructuring for 2023. Therefore, we are not providing GAAP guidance. We are updating our guidance for 2023 non-GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein to a range of $5.18 to $5.35 per share, reflecting growth of negative 4% to negative 1% compared with our 2022 non-GAAP diluted EPS of $5.38. This guidance now includes $0.05 to $0.10 of estimated dilution for the Biotech Dental acquisition, primarily due to acquisition accounting adjustments for inventory and integration-related expenses. Our outlook for the remainder of the business remains consistent with our prior guidance. Our guidance for 2023 assumes total sales growth of approximately 1% to 3% over 2022, with sales of COVID-19 test kits now expected to decline by approximately 65% to 70% from sales in 2022 as compared to our previous 2023 guidance of a decline of 35% to 40%. Additionally, PPE product sales are expected to decline about 20% to 25%, consistent with our original 2023 guidance. Note that our sales growth guidance reflects one less selling week in 2023 than in 2022. The impact on 2023 non-GAAP diluted EPS from lower sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits is still estimated to be $0.35 to $0.40. We expect the impact of the steeper-than-anticipated decrease decreases in COVID-19 test kit sales in 2023 to be offset by slightly higher-than-anticipated gross margins on PPE sales relative to our original guidance. These headwinds are anticipated to be largely offset by earnings momentum in our underlying core businesses, and we expect non-GAAP operating income will grow in the high-single-digit to low double-digit range when excluding the contribution from PPE products and COVID-19 test kit sales and acquisition-related expenses. We expect lower non-GAAP operating margin of 10 to 15 basis points below the 2022 non-GAAP operating margin of 8.2% and this was largely a result of lower PPE products and COVID-19 test kit sales and profits. Our guidance reflects non-GAAP operating margin expansion when excluding income from PPE products and COVID-19 test kit sales and acquisition-related expenses. Our 2023 guidance includes higher interest expense that in 2022 as a result of higher interest rates and higher borrowings along with higher minority interest from our higher growth businesses such as Henry Schein One. We also expect an effective tax rate in the 23% range, assuming no changes in tax legislation. Our guidance for 2023 diluted EPS is for current continuing operations as well as completed acquisitions and does not include the impact of future share repurchases, other announced or potential future acquisitions or integration and restructuring expenses. While the recently closed Biotech Dental acquisition is now reflected within our guidance, our recently announced acquisition of S.I.N. Implant System is not. Guidance also assumes that foreign currency exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels and that end markets remain consistent with current market conditions. To summarize, although we are updating our financial guidance for the year, we are maintaining expectations for the underlying business and continue to anticipate steady growth trends in both dental and medical markets. And we do expect that the second quarter will continue to have some headwinds from PPE and COVID-19 test kits, but we do expect good income growth in the second half of the year as some of the year-over-year comparatives already covered on this call should normalize. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Ron. Graham, if we can now open the call to questions. We'll be happy to answer any questions investors may have. 
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Bednar: Hey there, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Ron, wanted to start on the margin performance in the quarter, really a couple entertaining questions here. First, the gross margins hit a multiyear high in the first quarter. Hoping you could expand upon maybe the drivers of the margin performance in the quarter, especially considering your higher-margin high-tech equipment sales were down year-over-year. And then I'm sure there's questions out there regarding the lack of drop-through from that gross margin upside looks like some maybe above normal SG&A spend and as fixed cost absorption wasn't as great because of the PPE dynamics you mentioned. Just wondering if you could talk about any other puts and takes that impacted SG&A spend in the quarter is really, we think, through gross and operating margin cadence for the rest of 2023?
Ron South: Hi, Jason. I think the -- on the margin question and as you mentioned, the specialty businesses perhaps did not grow as much, but they did grow, and this is a year or a quarter, I should say, were year-over-year we actually had some contraction in reported sales. So that growth still takes on a greater mix, right? So we're getting the benefits of a greater mix from our specialty products and the growth that we experience on the technology and value-added services side. And that mix is favorable to the gross margin. I think, too, that while within the distribution sector, we tend to get slightly better gross margins in dental and the growth we had in dental versus medical and the growth we had in dental versus medical I think also contributes to that particular margin performance being as high as it was. On SG&A, I think that we have a fair number of expenses that are fixed. So the operating margin itself is going to come down some as those gross profit dollars are lower from the lower contribution from PPE and COVID test kits. So I think that's what we're seeing primarily the drag on the operating margin. I think -- from an SG&A standpoint, we had -- we did have a little bit of an increase in costs, but some of those are related to the acquisition costs that we incurred during the quarter. We've got a very robust pipeline, the nature of these transactions that we've been doing, as you can see from the last couple of implant transactions that we announced require a little more work on the acquisition side. And so I think that, that was a bit of a drag on SG&A as well.
Jason Bednar: Okay. That's helpful. Maybe I'll actually use your response there as a bit of a segue to the next question. If we look at the guidance adjustment, modest reduction you're making today for EPS, you were pretty transparent with the Biotech deal that was going to be dilutive from some of those one-time costs. How should we think about the recognition of that headwind throughout the year does that higher cost inventory from inventory step-up, mostly flow through your model of the 2Q and 3Q. And then I know the recent S.I.N. transaction is a bit smaller than Biotech, but maybe just to be clear, we should expect another kind of one-time impact from inventory step-up once this deal closes? And then can you confirm each of these deals are accretive in year one when excluding these inventory accounting adjustments? Thank you.
Ron South: Yes. So I'll start with kind of the effect of the inventory adjustments. And your typical implant business will turn inventory, say, a couple of times a year. So that means it's going to take us about six months to work through that inventory step-up value that will kind of be a drag on the gross margin for that period of time. So yes, Q2, Q3, as we work through the inventory step-up. And we're still working on finalizing what that actual. We have some estimates. We don't have a final number on that inventory step-up. In terms of the remainder part of Biotech, there are going to be some costs incurred this year that are what I'm calling integration-related costs, it's really -- we bought a company that has multiple sites, multiple locations, and it was a privately run business. So you have to spend some money to get it ready to be part of a public company, right? So we're going to incur some expenses in that respect. But we do expect Biotech to be accretive post 2023. We think once we get into 2024, it will definitely be accretive for us. With reference to S.I.N., the deal that we just announced, that deal has not closed yet. And it's going through the process of being reviewed by the Brazilian regulatory body. So we're not sure when that's going to close. I think in our press release, we just basically said the latter half of 2023 because we don't have a strong estimate of when that will close. So we don't really know the effect on the current year because, again, of that inventory step-up that we'll have to manage, but we also believe S.I.N. once we get through those inventory adjustments, and we get into -- and hopefully, we can close it earlier in 2023 rather than later because then when we get into 2024, it should be accretive for us in 2024 as well.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Rich: Great. Good morning. Thanks for the questions. Ron, maybe just a clarification. Have you sized the sales benefit of 1Q not having -- not starting with that holiday week in terms of impact on the dental consumables business? And then maybe more at a high-level, it sounds like you feel like patient demand has been pretty stable through the first quarter. I guess kind of any puts and takes that you're seeing from an end market standpoint, especially since the international consumables number in particular, continue to look pretty strong.
Ron South: Yes. I think I'll start with the fiscal calendar question, Nathan. I think that it's probably worth -- it's worth a couple of points to us of growth in the quarter, right? It can kind of vary market-to-market. It's more pronounced internationally than it is in the U.S. You do -- we had some international markets where dental practices, they close that week between Christmas and New Year's, right? So you get very limited sales. So it's more pronounced in some markets than others, but I think overall, globally, it's worth probably a couple of points on that merchandise. When I say a couple of points, I'm talking about specifically on the dental merchandise number. In terms of patient traffic, I think we're seeing pretty steady patient traffic at this point. I think it's a fairly normalized market in that respect in that we're not seeing the fluctuations in patient traffic. We're not hearing about this from our customers as much as we have historically. So I think that -- and I think that continued into April as well where patient traffic was fairly consistent with what we saw in the first quarter.
Nathan Rich: Great. And then can you talk maybe about how you expect the specialties business to trend throughout the year? Because I think if I caught the number right, it was about 4% in the quarter. I think you had talked about maybe mid to high-single-digit growth for the year. I know comparisons for that business get a little bit easier. But just from a demand for implants and orthodontic procedures, can you just maybe talk about what you're seeing and how that -- you expect that to trend over the rest of the year? Thank you.
Ron South: Yes. I mean as you mentioned, we think the comps will get a little easier for this dental specialty products in the back half of the year versus the first half of the year. But even like within implants, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, in Europe, we had double-digit growth in implants. But in the U.S., it was a much tougher comp. Last year, the U.S. had double-digit growth in implants. So it was a tougher comp when we saw -- as a result, we saw lower growth there. Endodontic products are still doing very well; very steady for us and growing kind of in high-single-digits. So that's -- there are pockets of really, really good performance. And we think that as we progress into the back half of the year and those comps get easier, we expect that growth to become a little more robust.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. First, I thought I'd ask you about the conference in Cologne. I know that's a big event. Did you -- and you mentioned last quarter that you were watching to see whether it had any impact on sales? Does that -- is there any impact that you've seen in Q1? Or do you think there would be any spillover benefit in Q2? And then obviously, you've got a European market where there's some concern about the economy. Did you walk away with any takeaways regarding the equipment market because of what you picked up at the conference?
Stanley Bergman: Yes, thank you, A.J. Cologne -- the Cologne Show was good for us. Remember, it's primarily focused on Germany and Austria from a selling point of view. And overall, it was as good as previous years. The equipment market in Europe is quite stable. And yes, there's a slight issue in France. There was a strike in April, but that doesn't really have significant impact on the whole business. We'll call that out if it is. But generally, I would say the European and international equipment market from our point of view is stable. There are puts and takes. The traditional equipment is a little bit better. And there is some deflation in units pricing for the DS -- the DI products. Mills are starting to be stable again. And there's some growth you can expect from 3D printing. But I think generally, the market is pretty stable now.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Maybe just a follow-up on the medical ex the test in PPE, you did about 4% -- a little better than 4% this quarter. Is that what's sort of embedded in your expectations for the rest of the year? I know there's this whole debate about people coming back to the health care system, et cetera, and maybe that's adding some incremental demand? Are you seeing any of that? Do you think you might see more of that as we progress through the year?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. There are some device companies that were much more impacted by the ups and downs. We were only slightly impacted because there were a lot more visits last year because of -- early part of the year because of whether it was COVID or flu, different kinds of flu. But we had pretty high comps there, but I think it starts getting better as the year goes by. And our businesses continue to be steady when you really take out the test. I would say that PPE is -- we're pretty normalized now. But the test, obviously, for -- COVID tests are going down. And I don't know if that will continue. We've tried to give you best guidance, but the medical business is quite stable and doing quite well, actually, growing nicely.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Let me start, I guess, just to see if I can get any more color out of you Ron or Stanley, on the specialty business, the 4.5% growth in the quarter year-over-year. One, did that get the benefit, the same 2-point benefit from the timing? Just wondering on that. But more importantly, it sounds like you said, I think, Ron, endo was up high-single-digits. If I kind of assume away the ortho business, which I know is growing in the Clear Aligner space, but it's still probably the smallest of the three. Would that put implants closer to flat year-over-year in the quarter? Just trying to kind of gauge between those three business lines within the specialty business. Thank you.
Ron South: I think on the implant, it's really -- you got to look at the kind of the specific markets. Like we were saying before, in Europe, our implant business grew quite well, actually grew about double-digits. And in the U.S. we had growth, but it was much more tepid than that. It was just a click of growth that we got in the U.S. But again, the U.S. was coming off, I think, a much tougher comp than what we had in Europe last year. Yes, endo has been -- that's been steady. I mean endo quarter-to-quarter has been steady in that mid to high-single-digits. Ortho is really hard for us to pick out a trend. It's just such a low base for us that we have had some -- we felt like we had very good growth in Clear Aligners in the quarter. That's mostly through our relationship with some DSOs there, but it's still off a very low base.
Jeff Johnson: All right. And I guess just to help me out here, if U.S. was kind of flat to up a bit in implants, Europe up strongly. I think you said upper single-digits and endo up high-single-digits. I mean your Camlog business in Germany, obviously, the number one, number two player there is a big business. I would think that means your Global Implants were somewhere at least kind of 3% to 4% and endo high-single-digits, how does the whole specialty business end up just 4%, 4%? I still can't reconcile that math.
Ron South: Well, I think that keep in mind; implants are about 60% of that category, right? So they carry the most weight when doing that math. And while ortho -- while they had decent sales, ortho is about 10% of that category, endo being the balance of 30%. So I think that it's the -- you're right. I mean, the implants had about a 3% to 4% global growth, and then that tends to drive the overall number because of the weighting of them in the -- within the category.
Jeff Johnson: Fair enough. And then just one clarifying question on the model. So when you started excluding amortization, at the start of this year on deals, you don't include -- or don't exclude, I'm sorry, any kind of inventory step even if you have to go and do some restructuring yourself, that stuff stays in your model. So those are costs on future deals that we'd assume to stay in the EPS, we don't exclude those, just to clarify that.
Ron South: Yes. Well, let's clarify your question, though, because inventory step-up will be -- is very different from restructuring, right? So to the extent we have to incur restructuring costs in our transactions, as we incur those restructuring costs, we will add them back. Inventory step-up, we will reference inventory step-up. So people are aware of the impact it will have on earnings, but we are not adding back inventory step-up as a non-GAAP adjustment, nor are we adding back the costs we incur when doing our deals. We see it as an integral part of our business, acquisitions is a very important part of our strategy and the costs we incur doing the deals, we do not add back of non-GAAP adjustments. But when we have a quarter such as this quarter, when we have an unusually high volume of acquisition expenses, we want to make sure we reference it, so people understand the impact it has on operating income as it is a component of operating expense.
Jeff Johnson: Yes, that's very helpful. Thank you.
Ron South: You're welcome.
Stanley Bergman: Jeff, just to be clear, our North American implants sales were flattish, and that's because we had significant growth last year. Our implant business outside of the United States, outside North America had high single-digit growth.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Block: Thanks, guys. Good morning. Stanley, maybe for you, just any more details on the U.S. Hi-Tech equipment environment. I know you had some commentary. But maybe at a high-level, what's working well and less well. And then the pricing pressure in iOS? I'm just curious, I feel like that's been going on for a couple of quarters now. So I get it. It's a year-over-year headwind, but has that stabilized of late and it is starting to level off the pricing pressure more Q-over-Q?
Stanley Bergman: A very good question. I'm glad that was asked. Yes. I think the year-over-year pricing on intraoral scanners and iOS has stabilized. When you look at our numbers, you will see that iOS sales and units went up quite nicely in the first quarter. What was down was the DSO business because we had some significant sales in iOS in the first quarter of 2022. So I would say the iOS units are good, the pricing has stabilized. And I think the mills now have also stabilized. Of course, the 3D printing is being viewed at as an option. But I think we've gotten back some momentum in the mills and expect to do well with the 3D printing for the remainder of the year as well.
Jon Block: Great. Thanks for that color. And then the second one is just a quick clarification. Ron, the revenue guide unchanged, I believe, reported. So COVID comes down. I don't know your exact FX assumption. Biotech comes in. Sometimes, there's other small little deals. But I guess just to clarify; did anything change organic maybe to help offset the COVID sales step down? Or is that just Biotech and some other nickels and dimes? Thanks guys.
Ron South: It's more the latter. It's more that we pick up a little bit of additional acquisition growth. But I think that the -- we still think the core underlying business can grow kind of mid-single-digit in sales up towards approaching high-single-digits in sales.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi guys, thanks so much for the question and all the details. I appreciate what you -- all the details that you're giving us on sort of the equipment growth in the different categories. It was nice to see on a stack basis that the equipment comps actually improved sequentially. Can you talk about sort of -- for people who are worried about kind of like that continued demand environment? Can you talk about sort of how the backlog stands? I know you've given us some helpful details on that in the past? And then also sort of how has the environment been if we think about the end of the quarter and maybe into April, if you can comment?
Ron South: Yes, certainly, Elizabeth. I think with reference to the backlog, I mean, during the quarter, we actually saw a bit of a tick down in backlog sequentially, but the backlog at the end of the first quarter this year is still greater than the backlog at the end of the year last year. And it's still quite a bit higher than the backlog levels we had pre-pandemic. And that is principally traditional equipment, right? And so that's helping with the growth and gives us, I think, some optimism in terms of our ability to continue to sell traditional equipment at pretty good growth rates going forward. Now that's in North America. Internationally, we've seen the backlog come down a little bit. And -- but it still is ahead of pre-pandemic levels. So while the backlogs are working down a little bit more internationally, there's still a fairly healthy backlog there.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. And sorry. And just in terms of the comment of how sort of the end of March, if you can comment on April, trended sort of post some of the recent financial turmoil?
Ron South: You said -- I'm sorry, I didn't quite understand what you said at the beginning of that, Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Anderson: Oh, sorry. So I was just talking about if you could comment on sort of the demand environment in equipment. If we think about the end of March post the start of some of the financial turmoil and if you could talk about April as well, if that's possible?
Ron South: Yes. I think the trends we have in April have been really a continuation of what we saw in the first quarter. I wouldn't say there's been anything that's coming out of the financial markets. That's been a significant disruptor to that.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Caliendo: Thanks. In the context of just the cadence, if you had this benefit in Q1, is there any falloff at the end of the year or anything else we should contemplate? And just thinking about cadence in terms of earnings for the year, any color or guidance you can provide us?
Ron South: Kevin, when you say benefit in Q1, can you be more specific which benefits?
Kevin Caliendo: Oh, I'm sorry, the calendar benefit.
Ron South: Oh, the calendar benefit, okay.
Kevin Caliendo: Is there any falloff in Q4, anything that we should think about the rest of the year from a calendar perspective that might be off or different --?
Ron South: No, I don't think -- I think the balance of the year should be -- other than the fact that our Q4 this year will be 13 weeks versus 14 weeks last year, right? But outside of that, I don't expect the calendar to have a significant effect on the cadence. I do think where you could see some lumpiness still in our quarterly numbers is that the headwinds that we are dealing with as it relates to PPE and COVID test kits are more pronounced in the first half of the year than they are in the second half of the year and most pronounced in the first quarter as was evidenced by the $0.24 headwind we reported this quarter. But that headwind will be greater, just the math of it is that, that headwind will be greater in the second quarter than it is in the third and the fourth quarter. So we'll continue to have a little bit of a hill to climb in Q2 that we think levels off for us as we get into Q3 and Q4.
Kevin Caliendo: And just a follow-up on the backlog question, if I just want to make sure I understand. Is backlog like quarter-over-quarter flat or down on the equipment side? And would that be related to core equipment or digital equipment? Like how should we think about that?
Ron South: The backlog is principally standard equipment, right? So it's chairs, units and lights, and we really kind of analyze it more sequentially what was it at the beginning of the quarter versus the end of the quarter. And that's what I was saying before that the North American equipment backlog remains -- it did come down some over the course of the quarter, but it's higher than where it was last year at the end of the first quarter. So it's still a fairly healthy backlog and well higher than where the kind of backlog levels we had prior to the pandemic. Internationally is kind of the same story. We're seeing a bit of a work down quarter-to-quarter. But their backlog versus last year's first quarter is also a little lower. And that's how it differs from North America.
Kevin Caliendo: Thank you very much.
Stanley Bergman: And we also think that the digital side from a pricing point of view has stabilized, and we're seeing good growth on the units. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Brandon Vazquez with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Vazquez: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I'll just ask both of them upfront since they're somewhat related. The first is just you guys have obviously been more acquisitive, curious if there's any notable pipeline or -- sorry, any notable gaps in your portfolio that you're kind of focused on going forward from an M&A standpoint? And the follow-up kind of related question is, as you become more acquisitive and I'm looking at Biotech Dental, for example, there might be areas where you have a little bit of overlap in portfolio, right? You have a Reveal and now you have another Clear Aligner. What's kind of the thought process do you kind of keep both of those running separately? Do you combine them into one brand greater efficiency as it grows? Curious your thoughts on integrating businesses like that. Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Brandon, thank you for that question. As we indicated early on, our pipeline remains quite good. Our bold strategic plan calls for us to continue to advance those businesses that are high margin, high growth through organic growth and through acquisition growth. There are parts of the portfolio that we could add to, of course. I don't think we have much overlap. But we are very much committed to advancing our high-growth, high-margin businesses, and there's no deviation from that. We outlined that quite clearly in our Investor Day, and we're executing. As it relates to brand alignment, I think we've always been pretty good at that. We will, over time, align brands. We've done that with Camlog and BioHorizons, I think, quite well. We never lost any business when we aligned the brands. We have a combined BioHorizons Camlog brand today in many parts of the world, certainly all the big markets in a few parts of the world where each of the particular brands is distributed through different distributors. We may keep it. But generally, in the big market, we keep them separate in the big markets, we're aligning have aligned for the last two or three years in a single brand. We will keep both the line of brands going. It goes to different markets. But I would imagine, over time, we will align brands. But more important, we're aligning the production, the -- all the administrative activity, which should be accretive, of course. So we are very, very careful with brand alignment. We've done a good job of that over the years, and we'll continue to do that.
Operator: We have time for one last question coming from the line of Erin Wright with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Erin Wright: Okay. Thanks. I just have one question here on the DSO side. Are there any anticipated changes in DSO relationships in the 2023 guide? And have you been -- or how have you been performing across the DSO market segment? And any growth rates you can give us across that segment that you're seeing and anything to call out there? Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. That's a good question also. Our DSO business remains a good grower. It's pretty stable. We've continued to add DSOs specifically in the mid-market area. A couple of our larger DSO customers have made some good acquisitions and taken us along and included our -- the purchases of products from us. I think we're making good progress on the specialty side in the DSO world. Of course, on the equipment side, it can be lumpy. I mentioned earlier on that on the iOS side, we had a very good significant sale in the first quarter of last year. So it impacted us in terms of units a bit. That will occur. I don't think we've lost any, I'm sure we've lost some smaller ones, but I think, on the big side, we're doing well. And on the midsized ones we're gaining as well customers. So overall, it's a growing business. And of course, the goal is to advance the high-growth, high-margin products, specifically our software, where I think we are appreciated and our additional value-added services. So the growth continues quite nicely is pretty stable, and we have very good relations with our large and midsized DSOs.
Stanley Bergman: Okay. So thank you, everyone, for calling in. I realize there are a couple of complexities in this quarter. But if you peel out the PPE and the tests and you understand that the accounting regime for acquisitions on inventory step-up, takes those expenses relating to the step-up and runs them through the operating income against operating income, likewise, some M&A expenses are run through operating income. If you take all of that out, you'll see our core business is doing quite well, good internal sales growth. Gross profit is doing quite well, moving it a bit higher, all on with our strategic plan. And I think you will see that the business is quite stable. We anticipate operating income to continue to grow as Ron outlined in our guidance and we're happy with the business. So of course, if you have questions, Graham and Ron are available. And we're optimistic about the business. So I appreciate all the questions and look forward to our next call in a couple of months' time. And I think we're going to be at some conferences and happy to provide more color on the business. But overall, we're very pleased with the performance of the business and nothing really unexpected at this time. So thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. And have a great day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-16 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Henry Schein's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Graham Stanley, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Financial Project Officer. Please go ahead, Graham.
Graham Stanley: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's financial results for the fourth quarter of 2022. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Ron South, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. And as a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and included in the Risk Factors section of those filings. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. Our conference call remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information and the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement of the corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures can be found in the Supplemental Information section of our Investor Relations website and in Exhibit B of today's press release, which is also available in the Investor Relations section of the website. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, February 16, 2023. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. We prepared slides summarizing our fourth quarter financial results, and these can also be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. During today's Q&A session, please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Good morning, and thank you, Graham, and thank you all for calling in today. We closed our 2022 with a very good fourth quarter in which we continue to execute effectively on our 2022 to 2024 strategic plan goals, achieving strong growth in earnings for the fourth quarter and, of course, for the full year of 2022, despite the macroeconomic concerns and of course, the foreign exchange headwinds. We overcame significant headwinds from lower sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits. Our sales were affected by a decline in sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits. Excluding sales of PPE products and COV19 test kits, and taking out the 53rd sales week for 2022, we achieved very good internal growth of 5% in local currencies, that's internal. There was a negative impact on dental visits for seasonal flu and COVID-19 last quarter. And this was both in North America and internationally. So dental visits were down because of the impact of flu, both the seasonal and the COVID. On the other hand, this was offset by a positive impact at least from a product sales point of view of visits to our physician customers. We experienced growth in each of our business units across the board. And overall, we generated some financial results for the quarter, reflective, I think, of a stable market -- in the markets that we serve. So we made excellent progress in advancing our 2022 to 2024 BOLD+1 strategic plan. So first year of the plan was '22, where we advanced our one distribution strategy to enhance the customer experience and improve operational efficiency, very important, by creating our North American distribution group led by Brad Connett, and our international distribution group led by Andrea Albertini. We had good results across the board, both in North American distribution and in our international distribution group. We strengthened our dental position with national DSOs One new accounts and have an excellent success with our technology solution and specialty products within the national DSO segment. And on the medical side, we did expand our position with IDNs and large group practices. On the digital side, the BOLD plan calls for a significant effort in this area. We created our global digital team, including the appointment of experienced veterans in this area: Trinh Clark as Chief Global Customer Experience Officer; Sara Dillon, as Chief Data Officer. We are working closely with Lee Benowitz, Chief Global Digital Transformation Officer and Mark Hillebrandt, chief Digital Revenue Officer. We made excellent progress designing and building our global e-commerce platform, and this is an advancement of our current platform, which we expect to start rolling out in the latter part of this year, and that's -- we start to roll out the upgrades to the current platform. At the same time, we had some exciting news on the AI side, where we launched our Detect AI and AI-enabled x-ray analysis tool powered by Video Health. And last week, we were advised that Video Health has received 510(k) FDA clearance for its periodontics solution, which we expect will further advance the use of AI as a tool dentistry. We were active on the M&A front. We acquired Midway Dental in the U.S. and Condor Dental in Switzerland, thereby expanding our reach into underpenetrated areas in the market. We acquired a majority stake in Unitas and announced plans to acquire a major -- majority stake in Biotech Dental. Both of these investments will address in a moment. We have begun implementing our restructuring plan to reduce our global real estate footprint to reflect TSM, that's Team Schein Members, preference for flexibility in work locations. In this connection, we have closed 1 of our 2 buildings in our headquarters on We intend to invest in our remaining real estate footprint around the world to provide modern and flexible office space, and we will also continue to invest in technology to ensure that we maintain and build on our strong competitive position from a technology point of view, in other words, the tools that we provide our team to operate and, of course, the tools we offer to our customers to interface with us. This past quarter, we disposed of an unprofitable business so we can redirect our resources to operations that are priorities in our 2022 to 2024 strategic plan. The costs associated with this exit are included in our restructuring costs for the quarter. So if you look ahead a bit, we are introducing guidance for 2023, which Ron will discuss in a moment. We expect operating income growth in the high single digits to low double-digit percentage range when excluding the contributions from PPE products and COVID-19 test kits. We anticipate the impact of lower selling prices of PPE products and reduced demand from COVID-19 test kits will largely be offset by earnings momentum in our underlying core businesses. And the good momentum we have, as we enter 2023, this gives us confidence in the 2023 guidance. And the -- specifically the growth in our operating income when you exclude PPE products and COVID-19 tests. So a little bit of specifics on our dental distribution business. Merchandise sales in North America grew slightly when excluding sales of PPE and taking out sales from the 53rd week. In North America, we have a relatively stable market. And our market share, we believe, remains stable to slightly positive. We believe global dental consumable merchandise growth, as noted earlier, was impacted by the high incidence of flu and COVID-19 cases, which caused increased rates of patient appointment cancellations and accentuated the staffing shortages. Now what's important is the rate of patient flow appears to have returned to more normal levels in January -- this past January of 2023. The impact from manufacturing merchandise price increases, we believe, lessened as last year's increases began to annualize. The depth and breadth of the Henry Schein product portfolio, of course, allows us to support our customers' needs when we have customers that are concerned with pricing as we have offerings of alternative national and corporate brand products, that's our own brands, as well as alternative national brands where we experienced customers resistance to price increases. But having said that, price increases, we believe that are speaking in the marketplace are relatively stable now and not anywhere near what they were at the beginning of last year. Our demand for dental equipment in North America remains healthy, and our North American equipment order book is stable. Although we saw good sales from traditional equipment and steady sales for digital imaging equipment, which we had challenges in the past because of pricing issues, but this seems to be stabilized now. And there was a decline in sales of digital restoration equipment compared to corresponding -- the corresponding period in the fourth quarter. And of course, we had good sales in the fourth quarter of the year. But the challenge has been customer demand is shifting from chairside mills, quite expensive, to 3D printing, much less expensive, and a mix shift to lower-priced intraoral scanners. There was also a supply chain issue with one of our important intraoral scanner suppliers that introduced a new scanner this in the last few months. So all in all, the demand for digital restoration, that market is pretty hot, but there are these mix challenges that I've just described, and we can go into in greater detail if anyone has questions. The value of our North American order book for equipment is stable. We continue to see construction delays to some extent and a slight reduction in the number of planned new office openings amongst specifically some of our larger DSOs. On the international general merchandise sales side, the same impact as in the United States, North America that COVID patient flow challenges we experienced also as well as the lockdowns in China that were offset on the international side, but those were largely offset by good growth in the U.K., Eastern Europe and Brazil. Towards the end of the quarter, dental office staffing absenteeism and patient appointment cancellations will begin to ease likewise in our international business. Demand for equipment internationally held up quite well, with sales moving to lower-priced intraoral scanner units as well and the overall equipment sales essentially were in line with last year. The fourth quarter equipment sales and our outlook was slightly impacted by purchase delays in anticipation, this is on the international side again, with the biennial IDS show in Cologne, where customers expect new promotions to be introduced new products, and that show takes place at the end of the first quarter. The fundamentals in our end markets remain solid. Of course, the aging population and the growing global awareness of the health care benefits of preventative care and oral health, all play into our strategic benefits for Henry Schein, short, medium and long term. So demand for dental service is also generally correlated, we believe, with unemployment rates. And in the developed world, these remain relatively sort of consistent historically low, if you will. So we think the underlying base is okay, supporting oral care. And let me now turn a little bit to the dental specialty products business, where we were impacted, particularly in our largest sector, implants and bone regeneration products, with significant prior year growth prior year comparisons. The BioHorizons premium value implant segment continues to grow in North America and Europe. And we have some offset here with the decline in China, although I'll point out that our China business is not material, but it did impact the gross line to some extent. Sales for DSO customers in the United States for the BioHorizons line remains solid, and our value brand, Medentis, primarily in Germany but also to some extent in China, achieved double-digit sales growth. But this was mainly coming, as I said, from Europe and a little bit from Asia. When I refer to Asia, specifically talking to Japan, where our implants are doing good and oral surgery products are doing quite well. In December, we announced planned, subject to regulatory approval, to acquire majority ownership stake in the French dental solutions provider, Biotech. We look forward to bringing Biotech Dental's high-quality software that is so important. It's the whole digital flow that is so important that Biotech Dental will contribute to Henry Schein, but also the general products and services that dental labs are important for new geographies with respect to Biotech, specifically in France, where we believe we will be close, if not the leader in implants at some point in the near future. These will also have a line of product that is well received in that market. So dental products implants, biomaterials, all are high-growth, high-margin products, and Biotech will contribute to that as well as providing support -- additional support for our leading digital workflow solution in dentistry, of course. On the orthodontic side, sales growth remained strong, driven by new products introduced earlier in the year. Recent data suggests that the percentage of general practitioners in the U.S. who perform root canal procedures is increasing. That plays right into our sweet spot as well. We believe that this trend, combined with an aging population bodes quite well for the Henry Schein in orthodontic business. Now turning to our technology and value-added business. The largest segment, of course, is Henry Schein One, our software business. Growth was strongest in the international business due to the strength of our entirely cloud-based solution, which is doing very well outside of the United States. Growth in North America was driven by sales of our practice management software. Also the -- specifically the cloud-based software that we offer Dentrix Ascend. And we see customers upgrading to Dentrix Ascend as design life cycle of our Easy Dental product ends. So we're very pleased with the progress are progressing from Easy Dental to our Dentrix and Dentrix Ascend products. What is very important is we now see close to 6,000 customers on our cloud-based products, Dentrix Ascend entirely. We have noted in the past, these cloud-based systems drive demand for other Henry Schein One products. We also had nice customer wins during the fourth quarter with our Analytics business. He assisted well as well. This is the business that helps with revenue cycle management made a significant investment in Unitas, a PPO solutions provider and generally puts us in a very, very good position to help practitioners operate a more efficient practice while, of course, they provide good clinical care. We've enjoyed a relationship with Unitas since 2014, and we're now delighted to be able to integrate these value-added services into our product offering at Henry Schein One. So you'll see that the dental specialty products technology value-added services business did well, record year this year, up against some tough comps towards the end of the year. And this is where we're placing a lot of emphasis on an important part of our '22-'24 BOLD+1 strategic plan, which we'll talk about in greater detail at our Investor Day. The medical distribution business continued to see excellent growth. This did reflect higher patient traffic to ultimate partially driven by the incidence of flu and COVID-19. But generally, the trends are there moving from the acute care setting to the alternate care side. We had good sales, of course, as you would expect, in point of care diagnostics and other products associated with the flu. When excluding sales of PPE products, COVID-19 test kits, we experienced double-digit growth in local currencies adjusting for that extra week and really absent any public health outbreaks, new ones, medical sales should return to more normal mid- to high range single digits. We are pleased with the continued growth of new accounts across the independent and large group practices as well as surgical centers and urgent care facilities. Strong pharmaceutical sales were driven by pneumonia treatments, and equipment sales also continued to do quite well as practitioners invest in their practice and as the offering of office space practitioner equipment expands in terms of availability to treat and diagnose more treatments with more diseases and other ailments in the office-based practitioner environment. Over the last several years, Henry Schein has been able to shift priorities and provide solutions needed to help our medical and dental customers. And the public, of course, during the COVID-19 crisis and last year's flu season and even with -- during last -- and during the crisis and of course, last year's flu season. And even with this change, the impact of COVID-19 and flu, which required huge support from our team to deal with these currently significant inflows of orders to realize that we delivered a compounded average sales growth even with these inflows, unusual inflows of PPE, COVID tests of about 6-point -- just over 6% when you take out the PPE and COVID. So Henry Schein's internal growth in general, excluding PPE and COVID, is quite solid. And so we also believe that the PP&E and COVID efforts that we undertook helped us generate more customers, help our customers understand that for health care products is better to go to a reliable source. And so I want to thank the team for doing a remarkable job getting out the billions of dollars of unusual onetime in respects COVID tests and PPE products, which help generate customer loyalty. So with that, I'll turn over the call to Ron for a review of the fourth quarter results and our 2023 guidance.
Ronald South: Very good. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning, everyone. As we begin, I'd like to point out that I'll be discussing our results as reported on a GAAP basis and on a non-GAAP basis. Our fourth quarter non-GAAP financial results for 2022 and 2021 exclude restructuring and integration costs as well as acquired intangible asset impairment charges. This is detailed in Exhibit B of today's press release and in the supplemental information section of our Investor Relations website. As Stanley mentioned, the fourth quarter of 2022 included 1 additional selling week compared to the fourth quarter of 2021, which was the holiday week between Christmas and New Year's Day. We report on a 52-, 53-week fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in December. The next time our results will include an extra selling week will be in 2028. With respect to sales growth, I will focus on LCI sales growth, which is internally generated sales in local currencies and excluding acquisitions. To facilitate more meaningful comparisons, the estimated extra week of sales will also be excluded from LCI sales growth figures. A detailed breakout of the components of our sales growth, including LCI growth, is included in Exhibit A of today's press release. Fourth quarter global LCI sales decreased by 1.8% versus the prior year. However, when excluding sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits, our LCI sales grew 5%. We sold approximately $161 million in PPE products and approximately $93 million in COVID-19 test kits, including multi-save flu and COVID-19 combination kits in the fourth quarter. This compares with approximately $261 million in PPE products and approximately $187 million in sales of these tests in the fourth quarter of 2021. Our GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 2.15%, a 387 basis point decline compared with the prior year GAAP operating margin. This was primarily a result of restructuring and integration expenses and the impairment of certain intangible assets incurred in the quarter. Our non-GAAP operating margin for Q4 was 6.74%, a 56 basis point improvement compared with the prior year non-GAAP operating margin. This improvement was driven by gross margin expansion, mainly as a result of sales mix favoring higher-margin products, along with lower operating expenses as a percent of sales. Regarding income taxes. Our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 23.6%. This compares with a 22.5% GAAP effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2021. On a non-GAAP basis, our effective tax rate for the quarter was 22.2%, and this compares with the prior year non-GAAP effective rate of 22.5%. Fourth quarter 2022 GAAP net income was $47 million or $0.34 per diluted share. This compares with prior year GAAP net income of $147 million or $1.05 per diluted share. Our fourth quarter 2022 non-GAAP net income was $165 million or $1.21 per diluted share. This compares with prior year non-GAAP net income of $151 million or $1.07 per diluted share. Amortization expense of acquired intangible assets for the fourth quarter of 2022 was $30.7 million or $0.14 per diluted share. This compares with $32.6 million or $0.14 per diluted share for the same period last year. And this expense is included in the 2022 and 2021 non-GAAP net income results I just mentioned. A key goal to our 2022 to 2024 strategic plan is to invest in higher-growth businesses that have a larger intangible asset component. And going forward, we believe earnings, excluding amortization expense of acquired intangible assets, better represents the underlying business results. Beginning with the first quarter of 2023, we will be modifying our non-GAAP reporting to exclude amortization expense of acquired intangible assets. Using this method, our full year 2022 non-GAAP net income was $741 million or $5.38 per diluted share. We will include a reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial results with the new methodology in our quarterly presentation available on our Investor Relations website. And finally, foreign currency exchange negatively impacted our fourth quarter diluted EPS by approximately $0.04 versus the fourth quarter of last year. I'll now provide some detail on our fourth quarter sales results. Global Dental sales were $2 billion, and LCI sales decreased by 2.6%. Excluding sales of PPE products, our Global Dental LCI sales growth was 0.9%. Global Dental consumable merchandise LCI sales decreased by 3.7%, but increased by 1.0% when excluding PPE products. Global Dental equipment LCI growth was 0.7%. North America dental LCI sales decreased 3.4% compared with the prior year, primarily due to a 5.1% decrease in consumable merchandise sales. However, when excluding sales of PPE products, North America dental consumable merchandise LCI sales grew 1.3%. North America dental equipment LCI sales also increased 1.3%. International Dental LCI sales decreased by 1.4% and consumable merchandise LCI sales decreased by 1.7%. When excluding sales of PPE products, International consumable merchandise LCI sales increased 0.7%. International equipment LCI sales decreased by 0.4%. Sales of dental specialty products were approximately $247 million in the fourth quarter, with LCI growth of 0.3% compared with the prior year. Global technology and value-added services sales during the fourth quarter were $187 million, with LCI growth of 3.4% compared with the fourth quarter of 2021. Sales were negatively impacted by the expiration of a government contract, which we mentioned during our Q3 2022 conference call. Adjusting for this contract, the underlying sales growth was 9.1%. During the fourth quarter, our technology and value-added services businesses, together with our dental specialty products, achieved LCI sales growth of 1.6% or 3.9% after adjusting for the expiration of the government contract. Global Medical sales during the fourth quarter were $1.2 billion, and LCI sales decreased 1.3%, due to lower sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits. In North America, excluding sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits, LCI sales grew 14.9%, led by strong point-of-care diagnostics, medical equipment and pharmaceutical sales. Regarding share repurchases, we repurchased approximately 3.6 million shares of common stock in the open market during the fourth quarter, buying at an average price of $79.55 per share for a total of $285 million. The impact of the repurchase of shares on our fourth quarter diluted EPS was immaterial. For the full year, we spent $485 million to repurchase 6.1 million shares. At fiscal year-end, we had approximately $115 million authorized and available for future share repurchases. An additional $400 million was approved by the company's Board of Directors on February 8, 2023. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow. We continue to benefit from significant liquidity, providing our businesses with the flexibility and financial stability to execute on organic growth initiatives and strategic acquisitions while continuing to return capital to our shareholders. Operating cash flow for the fourth quarter was $254 million compared with $277 million last year, with the decrease primarily due to an increase in working capital that was driven by the timing of accounts payable. For the full year, operating cash flow was $602 million compared with $710 million in 2021. Regarding our restructuring program, as part of our previously disclosed integration and restructuring initiative, we recorded a pretax charge in the fourth quarter of $121 million or $0.70 per diluted share. These expenses mainly relate to vacating 1 of the buildings at our Melville headquarters and the impairment of intangible assets associated with the disposal of an unprofitable business. There were also restructuring expenses associated with severance and costs related to the exit of some other facilities. Due to the disposal of certain assets and the lengthy remaining period of certain leases we exited, expense savings from this plan are expected to be realized over a longer period of time. We expect to continue to record integration and restructuring charges in 2023. However, an estimate of the amount of these charges has not yet been determined. Any restructuring and integration charges are expected primarily to include severance pay and facility-related costs. We also recorded an impairment expense for intangible assets of $34 million pretax or $0.17 per diluted share related to certain continuing operations. Let me conclude my remarks with our 2023 financial guidance. At this time, we are not able to provide estimates for costs associated with integration and restructuring for 2023. Therefore, we are not providing GAAP guidance. As I mentioned, beginning with our Q1 2023 financial results, we will modify our non-GAAP treatment to exclude amortization expense of acquired intangible assets. This is in addition to the other adjustments we made in 2022 to our GAAP financial results. All guidance today reflects this change. 2023 non-GAAP diluted EPS excludes amortization expense of prior acquisitions of $0.56 a share in 2023, and this was $0.57 in 2022. For 2023, we expect non-GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. to be in the range of $5.25 to $5.42 per share, reflecting growth of negative 2% to positive 1% compared with our 2022 non-GAAP diluted EPS of $5.38. Our guidance for 2023 assumes total sales growth of approximately 1% to 3% over 2022, with sales of COVID-19 test kits declining approximately 35% to 40% from sales in 2022. Additionally, PPE product sales are expected to decline about 20% to 25%. In the aggregate, revenues of these product groups are expected to decrease approximately 30% to 35% from 2022. The impact on 2023 non-GAAP diluted EPS from the lower contribution to earnings from sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits is approximately $0.35 to $0.40 per share. This impact will be much more pronounced over the first half of 2023 and especially in the first quarter as we had sales of almost $500 million of PPE and COVID-19 test kits combined in the first quarter of 2022. These headwinds are largely offset by earnings momentum in our underlying core businesses. And we expect non-GAAP operating income will grow in the high single-digit to low double-digit range when excluding the contribution from PPE products and COVID-19 test kit sales. Please note that 2023 will include 1 less selling week compared to 2022, which will occur in the fourth quarter. For 2023, we expect non-GAAP operating margin to be 10 to 15 basis points below our 2022 non-GAAP operating margin of 8.2%. And this is largely a result of lower PPE products and COVID-19 test kit sales and profits. Our guidance reflects non-GAAP operating margin expansion when excluding income from PPE products and COVID-19 test kit sales. Our 2023 guidance includes higher interest expense than in 2022 as a result of higher interest rates and higher minority interest from our higher-growth businesses, mainly Henry Schein One. We also expect an effective tax rate in the 23% range, assuming no changes in tax legislation. Our guidance for 2023 diluted EPS is for current continuing operations as well as completed acquisitions and does not include the impact of future share repurchases, the acquisition of Biotech Dental and other potential future acquisitions or integration and restructuring expenses, if any. Guidance assumes that foreign currency exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels, the end markets remain consistent with current market conditions and that there are no material adverse market changes associated with COVID-19. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Ron. We have about 20 minutes -- over 20 minutes to answer questions. Sorry, the call was that long, but there's a lot going on. We're highly confident in the business. And the business ex PPE and COVID tests is doing quite well, even though there are challenges from a macro point of view. Having said that, I think we've got great momentum in the business and look forward to answering any questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson: Ron, maybe I wanted to start just on the COVID testing kit and PPE guidance. When I look at kind of the EPS impact this year, it seems like it's dropping through in a decremental margin in the mid, if not upper teens level. I think over the last couple of years, those have been contributing positively, kind of those have been flowing through or at least kind of you guys have signaled that those were dropping through kind of a corporate-wide margin rate. So why -- it makes some sense, I guess, when you're losing some of that inflated top line growth if there's a deleveraging impact there, but dropping through at that mid- to upper teens decremental margin seems a lot bigger than I would have expected. So any comments you can make there?
Ronald South: Yes, certainly. I think that we could see a little bit of pressure on gross margins on both PPE and COVID test kits versus the prior year. But I think the bigger issue there, Jeff, is just the gross profit dollars, I mean the compounded effect of the ongoing decrease in the revenues from these product categories in both 2022 and then continuing into '23 results in fewer gross profit dollars. And I think that kind of dilutive effect begins to hurt the operating margins a little more so than it makes it more difficult for us to cover it like we did in '22.
Jeffrey Johnson: Yes. Understood. And then, historically, you guys have provided organic growth guidance, revenue guidance, you did last year anyway, I guess, prior to that, not necessarily. A lot of moving parts this year with the selling week -- 1 less selling week, the PPE updates, obviously, some acquisition contribution. If I look at that 1 to 3, we're kind of calcine that at maybe a 3% to 6% organic guidance ex all that noise. And if I assume medical and tech VA a little above that, dental in kind of that low to mid-single digits, as those kind of all at least ballpark we should be thinking about as we're setting up our models for 2023?
Ronald South: Yes. I mean you're in range there. I think that -- I think we have a headwind from PPE and COVID test kits combined of probably 300 to 400 basis points, right? You also have a headwind from the 53rd week that's going to be somewhere between 1 point and 1.5 points in there. We'll get a little bit of benefit from acquisitions. So that kind of leaves you with a number that could be 3% to 6%, 4% to 7% in terms of non-PPE, COVID test kit growth that we would expect in '23 versus '22.
Jeffrey Johnson: Dental a little below and medical above. Is that the way to kind of think about that?
Ronald South: Yes, that's probably a fair statement, yes.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson: I had a question around sort of your utilization and visit assumptions. Could you help us parse that apart a little bit more for 2023? I'm thinking specifically on maybe to like medical visits and then sort of overall dental visits?
Stanley Bergman: Yes, Elizabeth, very good questions. We did take a dip on visits in dentistry. And it was both in the United States and Europe, and the rest of the world wasn't so bad, of course, China was in the fourth quarter. And it is down a bit. And so -- and there's been a recovery in January, quite nice recovery. It is down a bit from 2019 in the United States. Hard to get data outside of the United States. But we are not 100% back to where we were. But the dip that we experienced in the fourth quarter has mostly, if not all, recovered. And at least from what we can tell from the first 40 days or so of the year and probably hearing from our customers, we're back to where we were in about the third quarter. so correspondingly, on the medical side, there was an increase in visits. People had flu and they wanted to confirm that it wasn't COVID. So we experienced some growth in that respect in terms of flu tests. And you can see that information from the flu test manufacturers, a lot of them are providing that information. But again, we expect in January, February that the visits were relatively back to where they were before in the third quarter, say, before these -- the flu. So the businesses are relatively stable now, and we had a temporary dip in dental visits and I think, a bubble a little bit in medical. But on average, you average the amount, if you look at our internal growth, local currency is about 5% internal growth for the company. So -- and I think all things being equal, perhaps will be a little bit better in the first quarter. Hard to tell, but it's looking quite positive for the first 40 days of the year.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. And sorry, just 2 clarifying questions. One, your comments about sort of the dip and then a little bit of the recovery in January and early February, that also applies to Europe. And then secondarily, you're assuming for your 2023 guidance at these current kind of January conditions continue ongoing?
Stanley Bergman: As it relates to international or Europe in particular, because we are the international in China and the other countries kind of cancel out although there's a bit of a positive impact in Brazil where we have a big market share -- but not big market share -- big business, I would say, big decent market share, too. I would say the trends were very, very similar. Of course, our medical business not material in Europe. So I would exclude that. It might even shift, we can give you data on that because it's so diffuse. But our dental business had similar trends to the United States and therefore to North America. What was your second question, sorry?
Elizabeth Anderson: And is that January sort of rate of visits, et cetera, was sort of what you were using to underpin your 2023 guidance
Stanley Bergman: I'll have Ron answer the guidance question. I'm not sure whether the first 40 days really carried through for the full year or don't. Ron?
Ronald South: Yes. I mean it's a little early at this point. I think that our guidance is supported by our budgeting process. We do obviously monitor what's happening so far in 2023. But I think that the assumptions -- the dental market last year suffered a little bit in January from Omicron. So there are some assumptions in there on Q1. But at the same time, the -- last year, like I said in the prepared remarks, we did about $500 million in revenues in PPE and COVID test kits in Q1 that won't get -- it won't be nearly that much this year, right? So Q1 is going to have -- still going to have a little bit of noise in it.
Stanley Bergman: But when you flow through everything, Elizabeth, I think you -- we're pretty comfortable with our budget for this year, which contemplates, at the end of the day, high single-digit to low double-digit operating income growth when excluding PPE and COVID covet. So I think if you can see through the PPE and COVID, you see the business is pretty solid, and that's actually better performance than we've had in the past. And I still think that the whole management of this PPE and COVID tests, where we put the accelerator down generated over $2 billion or so in sales and pretty good profits has paid off because our customers are understanding that they can rely on Schein during challenging times and that the products we sell are generally or compliance with regulations and very often, they were buying products during this COVID period that had regulatory issues and so -- and quality issues. So I think the strategy has played out well in terms of focus on PPE and tests. And at the same time, we garnered quite a bit, I think, of core business, and that's reflected in our expectations for '23 in terms of growth of operating income.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler.
Jason Bednar: Maybe Stanley, I will start with you. A lot going on here, as you said. But maybe with the outlook, you got 1% to 3% of the top line. I know Jeff was digging in there on the organic growth. Core EBIT growing upper single, low double digits. It implies some pretty nice core margin expansion, and that would seem to fit with the historical trend line of the business. But maybe double click in on Jeff's question there. Wondering if you could comment a bit further on how you see the core dental consumables and equipment lines performing in 2023 in North America and International? And then are the drivers of the core margin expansion implied in your guide? Are those more growth or operating that you're willing to comment there?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Let me deal with the first part. And I think it's best for Ron to respond to the guidance from a mathematics point of view. As noted, in the prepared remarks, we believe the dental market in the developed world, certainly, is quite stable. We believe that, generally, we're growing some market share. There are puts and takes here, namely the seasonal adjustment because of flu in the fourth quarter and a little bit of a rebound in -- or back to normal in the first quarter. But generally, I think the market is stable. I think specialty products are stable. You should not necessarily read anything into our specialty sales per se because we had an exceptional fourth quarter for implants and bone regeneration products in '21. But generally, I would say the consumable markets in the developed world are relatively stable. There are a few markets but down in a few markets where it's bit up. But generally, it's stable. On the equipment side, traditional equipment is okay. We haven't quite run off the backlog and it's pretty stable. The area that in the past, I was a little bit more concerned about is the imaging. I think it's relatively stable now. The prices are not going down as they did, and the units, the demand is pretty good. The area where there'll be lots of ups and downs is in the digital area. There's enormous interest in digital dentistry. I've not seen the interest this side. I think when it comes to the scanners, I think we're well beyond the first run of innovative-type buyers and into standard of use buyers. There are many new entrants into this market. There are lower priced products, for sure. And that's where the market is heading, but the demand for units is very strong. I would say that we were challenged a bit, and I think it's going to be that way for a few quarters with the new product from our leading provider of scanners. But I don't think we'll lose those orders, they'll come. On the other side, the mill market has really almost come to a halt. We're still selling mills. But dentists, they were looking at mills are now looking at 3D printing. We got a bit of a boost there in the United States. The ADA has now provided a billing code. And so dentists, they may not buy the 3D printer right away, but they're certainly looking at it. And I think that, that market is going to do well. It's a technical use maybe for the front, I'm using it later for the front teeth is not perfect yet, but this is a great opportunity for us, and we're doing well and we expect to do even better, although it's not covering the reduction in mill demand, and now I'm dealing with the dentists. On the lab side, the mills are doing quite well. And so generally, that's what's happening in the equipment business. I think it's quite a good market on the traditional. On the 3D printing, mills are a challenge, and there's a slight issue in Europe because of the IDS that occurs at the end of March. And so I think people are waiting to see what developments occur, but I don't think that's going to impact the whole year sales. So that's just maybe a slight dip and up tick. But generally, I would say dental is stable. On the medical side, we continue to see the migration from the acute care setting and myself I'm having a partial knee replacement. And I'm told I'll be out on the same day. That was not the issue -- not the situation, perhaps 1.5 years ago. So there is a migration, and we are benefiting from that.
Ronald South: And Jason, with reference to your question on operating margin, yes, I do think that -- like we said, we believe operating income is growing in the high single digits, low double digits when excluding the drag from PPE and COVID test kits. And yes, that should imply kind of a pro forma operating margin expansion, as you inferred. I think it's a -- really shows that the benefits of having the kind of broad product portfolio we have of not just being a distributor but also having the specialty products, also having being in the medical business, also being in the technology business that we can we can continue to kind of offset some of these market conditions that have adversely affected us a little bit, whether it be in PPE or COVID test kits with the balance of the business.
Jason Bednar: Got it. Just so Ron, just as a quick follow-up there. You're suggesting operating margin expansion total to get that. Is it gross margin driven or OpEx driven? And thanks for the comprehensive answer. I'll hop back in queue after that.
Ronald South: It's -- given that the product mix aspect of it would be primarily gross margin driven
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Block with Stifel.
Jonathan Block: Ron, maybe just going on a similar path, the high single digit to low double digit 2023 non-GAAP EBIT growth for the core business. Can you talk to how much that benefits from the restructuring in the back part of 2022? I know you guys usually do restructuring. Just seems a little bit bigger than normal. And when we think about going forward, more importantly, is the high single digit to low double digit, a good representation of the business longer term once the PPE, COVID headwinds abate? And then maybe in the interest of time, I'll just ask both upfront. Stanley, on the implant side, the dental specialties, I know you guys had a very difficult comp. But I think just -- maybe in the back part of '23, implants might be flattish, call it, in to which '22 year-over-year to throw a dart. Just would love your thoughts on how that compares to market growth? And if you feel like you guys are still taking share there?
Ronald South: Yes. John, I think in terms of the -- and if I'll paraphrase your question and tell me if I have it wrong, it's really kind of the sustainability of continued growth in the high single to low double digits in the balance of the business. And we do have some confidence there that we can continue with that. I think that you may be aware that we have an Investor Day coming up on February 27, and we'll provide more kind of -- some kind of midterm assumptions at that point in time in terms of what we are expecting beyond '23. But this is, again, kind of partially driven by the mix of the business and the fact that we're growing some aspects of the business faster than others and whether it be in specialties or in technology. Did that answer your question?
Operator: The questioner has dropped off. The next question comes from the line of...
Stanley Bergman: Just to respond quickly to the specialty products. The implants and bone regeneration products are doing very well. We're very pleased with our internal growth in that area. I think the Biotech acquisition will help. So that business continues to be strong, particularly in our core markets, which is the United States and Germany, a couple of the Germanic countries and Japan. On the endo products, we're doing well. Continue also there like an implants, bone regeneration to believe we are gaining market share. The aligners are so small, but I think we will get a boost with the Biotech acquisition. We will have certain synergies that I think will help drive more sales, but it's a very small business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: I'll ask both upfront as well and both are related to the intraoral scanner market. Stanley, where would you say we are in the shift to lower-priced products? And can you just go into a little bit more detail on kind of what you're expecting from that market in 2023? Do we start to maybe see some signs of stabilization just in terms of ASP and mix? And then could you go into a little bit more details on the supply issues you mentioned from that 1 supplier just in terms of when -- if you have any visibility into kind of when that would potentially resolve or just what you're looking for there and what's assumed in the outlook?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. On the side, on the scanners, I don't think we've seen the bottom yet in terms of mix change. I think the pricing relative to particular manufacturers may have stabilized. But there are entrants into this market that have very good products that perhaps we didn't even sell much of in the past that we're not carrying and selling. So it's more of a mix to lower-priced products rather than deflation of a particular manufacturer's existing products, although there could be some of that. As it relates to -- and by the way, I think we estimate about 20% to 25% of in the developed world have 1 of these devices, and we think that's going to be standard of care within the next couple of years. So we're very optimistic about units in that area And also these newer entrants that we're working with are doing quite well with us. As it relates to the manufacturer that has a supply chain issue, it's not a public company. I can't talk about it, but they have a new product. It's actually on the upper end that has done quite well. And that just goes to a little bit of a contradiction to what I said early on. For manufacturers that have unique technology, there is a demand for paying more, but that's not generally for the whole market. The whole market, the 75% of people that don't have a device, they're interested more in a lower-priced product that has enough features for them. But the one that some back order is on the higher end of features, and we don't expect that to resolve for 3 quarters.
Operator: And we have time for one last question coming from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: Can you quantify in any way the impact of the 3D printing that you called out in the release and on the call? Like in terms of numbers and market share and the like, -- because I know you've talked about it in the past, but I think this is the first time really called it out in the press release is impacting the business. And just as a follow-up, all this, and I appreciate all the color on the inventories and the equipment and IOS and the like. But your backlog grew in 3Q, and you believe you said it grew sequentially through the quarter. What is the expectation for equipment sales? And where does your backlog sit now relative to where you were at the end of 3Q?
Stanley Bergman: Let me deal with the backlog first. It is in North America, similar to what it was at the end of the third quarter. So I don't think much has changed. I can't give you the exact timing. A lot of that is the result of traditional equipment, but we seem to be topping up whatever we ship. And so that market seems to be quite strong in Europe. It's dipped slightly, but we think that's to some extent because of the IDS because people are holding back. But we the margin here. So it's not material. The bottom line is the backlogs are good in both North America and internationally, and the equipment is strong. As it relates to mills, I would say the mill market has significantly come down. And I'm referring to as I know, chairside mills, that's just not doing well. I'm not referring to lab mills. We are the largest provider of products to dental laboratories. And that market seems to be relatively strong. The switch to the 3D printing is not occurring 1:1 yet. What's happening is there's a lot of dentists that are saying, I need to find out more about this. And I expect that over the next couple of quarters, our team will be out there educating dentists on the opportunity for 3D printing. I suspect it will result a little bit in mills going up again because right now, it's a situation where we dentists want to understand more about what's going on. And 3D printing is going to be important, but not substitute completely for chairside milling. The market is just, I think, come to a little bit of an educational stumble. But I think the mills will come back again, but not to where they were. And 3D printing is at a relatively early stage. But I think we're doing very well in terms of growing our global market share, the sales that are out there. 3D printing will improve as various materials come to market and as the aesthetics improve. But I think the message is that digital restorations, a hot product, dentists interest in investing, our job is to make sure that we educate the dentists on the appropriate devices for their practice and then close on sales.
Kevin Caliendo: And if I can ask, Ron, a really quick follow-up. I just wasn't sure if I heard. Is the guidance include or exclude Dental Biotech? And what was the impact of that?
Ronald South: The guidance does not include Dental Biotech. I think that when we put the release out of Dental biotech, we said it would be slightly dilutive to 2023 when excluding amortization expense.
Stanley Bergman: Okay, everyone Thank you very much for calling in. The message I think we want to communicate, I know we want to communicate is that our core business is in good shape. We expect decent internal growth rates, local currency, of course, in 2023, we'll cover this in more in detail at our Investor Day. We expect our internal growth -- sorry, our operating income to continue to grow quite nicely, high single digits, low double digits. And bottom line is the business is in good shape in markets that are doing well. There are nuances that need to be understood. We're happy to deal with that and further detail at the Investor Day. So if anyone wants to reach out, Graham, on the Investor Relations side, he'd be happy to provide further clarity on our remarks. So thank you very much. And hopefully, we'll see everyone on the call at our Investor Day in New York City, the following week. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Henry Schein’s Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Graham Stanley, Henry Schein, Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Financial Project Officer. Thank you, sir. Please go ahead, Graham.
Graham Stanley: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein’s Financial Results for the third quarter of 2022. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Ron South, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I’d like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that’s forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company’s performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and included in the Risk Factors section of those filings. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company’s internal analysis and estimates. Our conference call remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented certainly for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures can be found in the Supplemental Information section of our Investor Relations website and in Exhibit B of today’s press release, which is also available in the Investor Relations section of our website. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, November 1, 2022. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Finally, we have also prepared a presentation summarizing our third quarter financial results. This can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. During today’s Q&A session, please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Graham. Good morning, everyone, and thank you everyone for joining us on this call today. Our financial results for the third quarter of 2022 reflects solid underlying growth across our business and actually most geographies. We grew our non-GAAP diluted EPS compared with third quarter 2021 and this is despite the significant currency headwinds and lower sales of PPE and COVID test kits. Today, we are narrowing our 2022 non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance range, which reflects our confidence in the underlying strength and the stability of our business. Overall, we feel very good about the outlook for the company and remain highly focused on delivering on our both plus one strategy, which we’re happy to go into details during the Q&A period and as we continue to increase the sustainable profitability of the business. Importantly, current market demands in both our dental and medical businesses are generally stable and actually have been this way for a while. We continue to receive price increases from various suppliers, with additional price changes towards the end of the second quarter. The depth and breadth of the Henry Schein portfolio allows us to satisfy customer’s needs, and to offer alternative national brand and corporate brand products to price sensitive customers, thus positioning us to also protect our gross profit. This is reflective of a deep and lasting relationship we have with our customers and our suppliers. As we commented in the previous quarters, market prices for gloves continue to decrease. However, we believe at a reduced pace, while our unit volume for gloves is relatively stable, and this is driving lower sales and profits in the PPE category. Remember, the PPE category is largely gloves. Similarly sales and profit for COVID test kits have declined compared to the prior year. But pricing and volume for these products is also stabilizing. So generally, the PP and E market on gloves has deflated. Volumes are definitely stable. And test, COVID-19 tests are relatively stable from a pricing point of view and the volume point of view compared to the previous year. So we’ll of course, provide further information on the whole PP and E and COVID test category. Having said that, our business excluding PP and E and COVID tests did perform quite well as we will discuss in detail during this call. So let me start by reviewing performance highlights for each of our business units starting with the dental distribution business. Internal growth in local currency of global dental sales, excluding PPE was good. Consumable merchandise growth, excluding PP and E was solid and we were especially pleased with the excellent growth of our North American equipment business and continued strength in our global equipment order book. That’s the backlog. We have a strong growth in sales of traditional equipment during the third quarter. We are also experiencing continuing good demand for high tech equipment, an area where Henry Schein is a global leader and this is because dental practices look to secure and maintain a competitive advantage and the product offering available in the space has expanded and there is practically something for every dental practice. So this growth was largely driven by volume. As we’re seeing new innovation in digital dental equipment come to markets at somewhat lower average selling prices. But the market is significant. Big opportunity, lots of units and we have a very good offering. We believe that consumable merchandise sales growth in Europe was impacted this year because of summer holiday, because of the summer holiday season, as dental practitioners and patients took more vacation days than the previous year. But we also believe that our consumable merchandise growth in Europe will remain stable, leaning slightly positively. On the other side of the coin, other parts of the world in international growth could benefit from ongoing strengths in Australia, New Zealand and Brazil, which was partially offset by continuing lockdowns in China having said that our China business is relatively small compared to our total business. And North American equipment order book remains robust and continues to grow from last quarter and this is partly a result of quite a successful DS from our point of view. This event was held late in the third quarter compared to the previous year when it was earlier and we saw continuing demand for intra oral imaging chair side mills, 2D, 3D digital, extra oral imaging devices, 3D printing with a number of other manufacturers too and of course, all the CAT CAM lines work that well also from an audit taking point of view leading to probably a stronger than believe fourth quarter in a market that we’re doing quite well in generally. Lead times for additional equipment are reducing slightly. For the installations are still being affected by delays within office construction. So we expect our demand and our sales in the equipment area to continue to be strong. Our international equipment order book is also solid. So dental growth during the third quarter was aided by as investors know Midway dental acquisition, which strengthened our long standing presence in the Midwest of the United States, providing dental customers of Midway with access to an expanded portfolio of solutions. And of course, a highly competitive pricing. Midway builds an excellent reputation within the industry over the past 35 years and the vision of senior executives at Midway strongly aligns with the Henry Schein commitment to helping dentists operate a more efficient practice while allowing a focus by the dentist on delivering high quality patient care. We have successfully completed the integration relatively of the Midway dental business distribution business and the Condor dental that we recently acquired in Switzerland, that is on the distribution side is also largely completed from a integration point of view. So we continue to invest in our dental specialty portfolio and add new customers. Sales to DSO customers in the United States once again was good in the specialty areas and demonstrate success of our one shine strategic initiative. We are seeing some signs of economic caution in several specialty markets regarding high end oral surgery procedures. I would not say this is the case as relates to endodontic. Oral Surgery is some caution on the high end side of implants. And our orthodontic business is relatively small in a minute. But importantly, we believe that Henry Schein is well positioned to capitalize on these shifts, specifically in the oral surgery market as we offer a full range of dental implant options at various price points. So we think on the unit side, we will continue to do well and also on the profit side. So we had strong growth in our clear aligner business. Of course, let me remind those participating in today’s calls our aligner business is relatively small, but it is growing nicely and specifically with some DSOs. And again, as I mentioned, we are seeing solid demand for our endodontic specialty products, which is driven by sales of new products, particularly Triton irrigation solution and our EdgePRO laser system. Both of these have done well. But I would also say units of endo have done relatively well. And so we believe that our dental specialty business is doing quite well from a foundation point of view and we always need to look at comparable quarters in previous years trends etc and I think the business is in pretty good shape. Let’s move on to the technology and value added services. Our technology and value added services businesses had good underlying sales growth in the third quarter. Sales growth was impacted by the exploration of the modestly profitable but significant large government contracts. The largest business in the segment is Henry Schein owned software business, which once again posted solid sales growth domestically and internationally driven by our Dentrix practice management software it and Dendrix Ascend and entirely cloud based solutions. During the quarter, we surpass 5000 cloud based customers, and in more than 1,000 new customers year-to-date, and currently exceeding 100 new installations per month. We have launched entirely across the United Kingdom and in Australia, New Zealand as well over the past six months and remain on track to further geographic expansion in 2023. Ascend has been growing its customer base by double digit percentages, quarter-to-quarter. Notably, these cloud based practice management systems also drive traction for other Henry Schein owned solutions and for effect stickiness to the entire Henry Schein portfolio. We recently announced that Dentrix Ascend was selected as the exclusive cloud based practice management system of small brands, a dental service organization a DSO organization, with more than 700 locations, reflecting the competitive advantage of this product offering. So an important part of the BOLD one strategic plan is to press to place greater emphasis on these high growth, high margin products and services. Of course, no guarantees. But this is an area of focus for inorganic growth. And we feel that we’re on track to deliver on our expectations in that area with inorganic growth, although we will announce that any opportunities in that area or any deals in that area once those deals are closed, and there’s no certainty as to when that may be. So another bright spot in the organization in our performance, the sales growth in local currencies and our medical business continued, which continued to be excellent during the third quarter when excluding PPE and COVID tests kits largely pricing issues, PPE related to gloves, and tests kits just relating to demand for the test kits which we’ve discussed on several calls in the past, our expectations were relatively in line on the test kits, specifically. So we are continuing to deepen our relationships with existing large IDM customers, while nicely growing our other medical businesses. We are especially pleased with strong growth in our government sector of schools accounts and we continue to make solid progress in gaining business from independent physicians although several years ago this group reduced. There is still at the reduced the number of independent physicians, it is relatively stable group today. And we continue to gain market share within that group. And post admitting the smaller medical groups are also areas where we’re adding customers and market share we believe. Our focus on equipment, pharmaceutical products and point of care diagnostics remain bright spots in this business, although I must say the whole of the medical business was doing well. Of course, the volatility of sales in COVID-19 test kits which went down dramatically in earlier quarters has moderated but the post at a lower level of sales and on the PP and E glove side the volume is stable, but the pricing is still somewhat unstable but less volatile than we saw in earlier quarters. Third quarter sales growth had a challenging prior year comparison, when patient traffic to physician office says was bolstered by surge in Delta variants, and that tough comparisons will continue in the fourth quarter. Yet we expect medical sales growth excluding PP and E and tests to continue at healthy levels, reflecting volume gains, some price increases but generally growth in our market share in this area, this important area for growth for Henry Schein. Most experts are expecting a high coincidence, the high incidence of flu this year. The illness in the United States due to winter experience in the southern hemisphere. We would expect strong flu season to drive patient visits to physician offices, and in turn increased demand for a host of products we provide specifically tests, the traditional point of care test for flu and other diseases including a multi COVID-19 influenza diagnostic test kits. So with that overview on our business, I will turn to the call over to Ron, for more detailed review of our financial results. Ron, please. 
Ron South: Very good. Thank you, Stanley. And good morning everyone. As we begin, I’d like to point out that I will be discussing our results as reported on a GAAP basis and on a non-GAAP basis. Our third quarter non-GAAP financial results for 2022 and 2021 excludes certain items detailed in Exhibit B of today’s press release and in the supplemental information section of our Investor Relations website. I will focus my comments on sales primarily to LCI sales and LCI growth, which has internally generated sales in local currencies and excluding acquisitions compared with the same quarter in the prior year. A detailed breakout of the components of our sales growth, including OCI growth is included in Exhibit A of today’s press release. Our third quarter global LCI sales decreased 2.4% versus the prior year. However, when excluding sales of PPE and COVID-19 test kits, our LCI sales grew 6.8%. Third quarter combined sales of PPE and COVID-19 test kits were $260 million lower than in the third quarter of the prior year. Our GAAP operating margin for the third quarter of 2022 was 6.86%, a 23 basis point improvement compared with prior year GAAP operating margin. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter was 7.18%, a 55 basis point improvement compared with prior year non-GAAP operating margin. Operating margin improvement was driven by gross margin expansion, mainly as a result of increased growth and sales of higher margin products.  Turning to taxes. Our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2022 was 22.7%. This compares with a 23.9% GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2021. On a non-GAAP basis, our effective tax rate for the quarter was 22.8% and this compares with the prior year non-GAAP effective rate of 23.9%. Third quarter 2022 GAAP net income was $150 million or $1.09 per diluted share. This compares with prior year GAAP net income of $162 million or $1.15 per diluted share. Our third quarter 2022 non-GAAP net income was $157 million or $1.15 per diluted share. This compares with prior year non-GAAP net income of $155 million or $1.10 per diluted share. Amortization from acquired intangible assets for the third quarter was $31.6 million or $0.15 per diluted share. This compares was $30.1 million or $0.13 per diluted share for the same period last year. Foreign currency exchange credibly impacted our third quarter diluted EPS by approximately $0.02 versus the third quarter of last year. I’ll provide some detail on our third quarter sales results. Global dental third quarter sales were $1.8 billion with OCI growth of 1.2%. LCI growth excluding sales of PPE was 5.8%. Global dental consumable merchandise LCI sales decreased by 0.8%, but increased by 5.1% when excluding PPE. Global dental equipment LCI growth was 8%. North American dental LCI sales decreased 0.1% compared with the prior year, primarily due to a 3.6% decrease in consumable merchandise LCI sales. However, when excluding sales of PPE, North American dental consumable merchandise LCI growth was 3.8%. North American dental equipment, LCI sales increased 12.8%, primarily driven by traditional equipment sales. The equipment backlog in both our North America and international businesses remain strong. International dental LCI growth was 3.3% driven by consumable merchandise LCI growth of 3.9%. Consumable merchandise LCI growth was 6.9% when excluding sales of PPE, and was driven by strength in Australia, New Zealand and Brazil. International equipment LCI growth was 1.4%. Let me point out that this was against a tough comparable as international equipment LCI growth in the third quarter of 2021 was 23.9%. Sales of dental specialty products were approximately $223 million in the third quarter, with LCI growth of 2.5% compared with the prior year. Global technology and value added services sales during the third quarter were $176 million with LCI growth of 4.2% compared with the third quarter of 2021. Sales growth was impacted by the expiration of a government contract. Adjusting for this contract, underlying LCI growth was 8.5%.  In North America technology evaluated services LCI growth was 2.5% and was 7.3% when adjusting for the impact of the government contract was strengthened our revenue cycle management, patient relationship management, business solutions, and practice management businesses including Dentrix and Dentrix Ascend. Internationally, technology and value added services LCI growth was 16.5%, driven by strength in the UK. During the third quarter, our technology and value added services businesses, together with our dental specialty products achieved total sales growth of 0.8% and LCI sales growth of 3.2%. Global medical sales during the third quarter were $1.1 billion and LCI sales decreased 8.8% due to lower sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits. In North America, LCI growth was 9.3% when excluding sales of PPE and COVID-19 test kits, led by strong growth in sales of pharmaceuticals, medical equipment, and point of care diagnostic products. We sold approximately $81 million in COVID-19 test kits in the third quarter, including both USA flu and COVID-19 combination test. This compares with approximately $207 million of test kits sold in the third quarter of 2021. Regarding stock repurchases, we repurchase common stock in the open market during the third quarter buying approximately 1.2 million shares at an average price of $76.42 per share, for a total of $90.5 million. The impact of the repurchase of shares in our third quarter diluted EPS was a material. As of the end of the quarter, we had approximately $400 million authorized and available for future share repurchases. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow. We continue to benefit from significant liquidity, providing our businesses with the flexibility and financial stability to execute on organic growth initiatives and strategic acquisitions while continuing to return capital to our shareholders. Operating cash flow for the third quarter was $98 million compared with $211 billion last year, with the decrease primarily due to an increase in working capital driven by timing of accounts payable. With reference to restructuring as part of our previously disclosed integration and restructuring initiative, we recorded a pre-tax charge in the third quarter of $10 million for $0.05 per diluted share. This plan focuses on the strategic plan in streamlining operations and other initiatives to increase efficiency. The company expects to continue to record integration and restructuring charges for the remainder of 2022 and in 2023. However, an estimate of the amount of these charges has not yet been determined. Any restructuring and integration charges are expected to primarily include severance pay and facility related costs. The expense savings from this plan are expected to be realized mainly in 2023 and beyond. Turning to 2022 financial guidance as we are not unable to provide estimates at this time for costs associated with integration and restructuring for the remainder of the year. We are not providing GAAP guidance. Also our guidance for the balance of 2022 is for completed or previously announced acquisitions and does not include potential future acquisitions or integration and restructuring expenses. Guidance also assumes a foreign currency exchange rates will remain generally consistent with current levels. However, additional headwinds from foreign currency exchange rates may further impact our sales and EPS. On a non-GAAP basis, we are narrowing our diluted EPS guidance range to $4.79 to $4.87, reflecting growth of 6% to 8% compared to our 2021 non-GAAP diluted EPS of $4.52. This includes $0.10 adverse impact on foreign exchange rates versus 2021. We also continue to expect full year 2022 non-GAAP operating margin expansion of 20 to 25 days points over 2021 non-GAAP operating margin. We are revising our full year sales guidance and now expect sales growth of approximately 1.5% to 2.5% versus our previous guidance for sales growth of 3% to 6% which mainly reflects a strengthening U.S. dollar and lower PPE sales. We continue to expect 2022 full year sales a COVID-19 test kits to be 25% to 30%, lower than in 2021 and 2022 full year sales of PPE are expected to decrease 30% to 35% from 2021. 2022 full year sales of PPE and COVID-19 test kits combined are expected to be approximately 30% lower than full year sales in 2021. This trend of lower sales may continue in the coming year versus 2022. We do expect to continue to achieve gross margins on these products that are generally consistent with our dental and medical businesses. Despite these meaningful market related headwinds, we continue to be confident in the strength of our underlying businesses and we are taking additional time to finalize our view of the overall effect of PPE pricing and COVID-19 test kits volume for next year. As we have seen in 2022. This has a meaningful impact on our business, we want to ensure we give it appropriate consideration along with ongoing analysis of macroeconomic trends. We intend to issue 2023 financial guidance with our fourth quarter earnings results. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Stan. 
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Ron. So before we open the call to questions, I would like to take a moment to note the passing of our board director, Diane Rico in August. Diane was an internationally known authority on aesthetic and restorative dentistry, as well as an early pioneer in digital dentistry. She served on our board since 2014 and brought a valuable perspective to Henry Schein. And was a wonderful human being. I would also like to spotlight that early last month Henry Schein was named to Fortune magazine’s annual Change the World list. We recognized for our leadership initiatives to advance health equity for individuals with disability, and in particular our engagement with our key stakeholders in support of this work. Our CSR report, which was released in mid August, aligned with two of the most common disclosure standards FASB, GRI. This is important milestone as we prioritize transparency and accountability in our ESG work. So in conclusion, while there are a number of external factors at play, specifically as it relates to PP and E, and test kits, and FX our BOLD plus one strategy remains our North Star. And our team is executing according to plan. As a result, we feel very good about our position in the markets we serve and generally, the team’s focus on priorities and delivery. So with that review of our third quarter financial results and some commentary on our future I like to open the call to questions. Operator, please.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now be conducting a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Please proceed with your question. 
Jeff Johnson: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Can you hear me okay?  Good morning, and congratulations on the quarter. I guess a two part question. They’re not really connected. But I want to shove both of them together because I do want to ask both questions. But the first one Ron just on the gross margin up 110 basis points year-over-year. Could you help us bridge how much FX was weighing on that gross margin versus how much maybe price increases in the lower PPE and COVID testing might be offsetting and helping? Those are the three big variables outside of just kind of normal operations that I think we’re all trying to understand what the impact is on the gross margin side. And then if I go back to our September health care conference, Stanley, I think you and Ron had made the comment that I think you and Ron had made the comment that you would provide at least some framework for 2023. I’m not really hearing a lot of that. And I know and markets are a little uncertain right now. But if I look at the street, around the street as modeling 6% EPS growth next year, we’re admittedly closer to flat year-over-year in our model just can you help us kind of peg between where the streets at that 6%, where maybe I’m modeling closer to plant just how to think about maybe the ups or downs from either of those numbers? Thanks.
Ron South: Well Jeff, we’ll start with your gross margin question first, I think that especially with given our portfolio, you get a kind of a broad mix of change of products, and that, obviously, is going to impact that gross margin. So we did see some benefit from some of the higher margin products. We did see, I think, some benefits in the third quarter on merchandise, primarily, in the non-PPE area, obviously, because gloves were down in pricing, but from inflation that we estimate to be in kind of that 3% to 4% range benefiting there as well. So I think that gave us a little bit of a lift on the gross margin versus last year. In terms of 2023, as you mentioned, there’s a lot of different moving parts, as we kind of work to and look to 2023, we just considered it to be prudent at this point in time to provide guidance with our Q4 release so that we can better understand the dynamics of the PPE market, what’s happening with COVID-19 test kits. These are all things that have a significant influence on our income. So when we provide our fourth quarter earnings release, we will provide 2023 guidance at that point in time. 
Stanley Bergman: Jeff, let me just highlight. We can’t give guidance now. But in general, we’re feeling pretty good about our core businesses. That is our distribution businesses in the United States globally. Our specialty businesses, although I would say in the implant field, there is a greater demand at this moment for the lower priced also, premium implants and software businesses and other value added service businesses. Having said that, the price of PPE, namely, primarily gloves is highly volatile, although we think of stabilizing and test kits, we think have stabilized from the latter the last few quarters. But I think it wouldn’t be appropriate right now to provide guidance for 2023 taking into account the volatility in PP and E and I wish we could do more, but I think it would be irresponsible to try to predict those areas.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question. 
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys, thanks so much for the question. Stanley I think you sort of alluded to and in Jeff’s question a little bit. But if we think about sort of October and sort of the beginning of the Q2 results, how would you say the trajectory compares to the third quarter? And then just in general, on the overall visibility of the business now right now, obviously, one question many investors have been asking is, has there been ex-COVID and each, like broader changes and how you sort of think about the visibility of the business right now. Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, I think that’s together with Jeff question is the core which we ponder, and I think we’re quite comfortable. Look, October dental consumable merchandise, internal sales growth, excluding PP and E grew relatively consistent with the third quarter, and that’s both in North America and internationally. So those businesses are relatively stable. Of course, we can’t, we just don’t have visibility on the price of gloves. And it could swing in a number of directions. Having said that, I think it’s better to look at the core business. And we’ll break out for you sales of these gloves, the gloves and the test categories. And so you’ll be able to figure out how we’re doing in the core business. And we’re seeing that that is pretty stable. We gave you and actually doing quite well we gave you sales, excluding those items, and excluding foreign exchange, foreign exchange and Ron will give you the number did have an in packed in all three quarters. We’re contemplating in our guidance that we’ve reached a stable foreign exchange, which is, of course, reflective of very strong dollar in the markets that we serve. Now, if I wasn’t clear, I’m happy to give you more clarity or Ron can do that. Now, as it relates to an external by the way, and medical also if you take our PPE and test October was more or less in line with the third quarter as well. And global technology value added services, sales not that material but in the scheme of Henry Schein, but the profits seem to be stable as well, from the third quarter. So patient traffic, it’s very hard to get this precise. If you take a look at the ADA survey, and we don’t know 100% how this works. Some recent analyst reports suggest that patient traffic has slowed modestly since the end of August. Somewhere we’re reading between 3% to 4%. If we take the ADA and analyst reports into account. And that according to some analysts, perhaps reading into the ADA report translates into approximately 6% below pre-pandemic levels. Now, our claims data also suggests that volume is down but approximately 3% to 4% compared to the previous year. So that is down from where it was going into the year. In addition, the ADA survey identifies with there’s a growing number of dentists in the U.S. that are concerned with staffing shortages, particularly of hygienist. So their hygiene is not material, it is the fact that they’re having a problem getting dental assistants. And so there is a concern with satisfying the traffic. But if you look at our U.S. general merchandise, and everything I’ve said now relates to the U.S. if you take a look at our U.S. merchandise sales, they’ll growing if you take our PPE by about 4% and holding steady. So our inflation expectations are that we had not expectations, our view is that we have 3% to 5% product inflation and so that means our volumes are relatively flat. We are seeing a slowdown, as I mentioned in the implant business, but also for strong 2021. So the business is basically stable. We believe we’re gaining some market share, can prove it to you. The earnings power of the business, I think has positive upside in that we are working on managing expenses and moving towards higher margin earnings. So that’s sort of basically the U.S. side. Outside of the U.S. it seems pretty stable as well. Countries are different. But it seems relatively stable. So that’s a long answer. But you cut through it all it’s relatively stable with us being optimistic on the positive side, removing PP and E on the dental side, and removing PPE and tests on the medical side. And that relates to both domestic and international. I can’t give you a crisp answer. Those are the puts and the takes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Vazquez with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Vazquez: Hi everyone, thanks for taking the question. In terms of profitability there’s a lot of macro headwinds that are uncertain here. And I can appreciate it’s hard to put a finer point on those. But how do you guys think about balancing investments in future growth, and kind of balancing those near term headwinds to deliver some profitability and EPS? So what are some key investments you’ll continue to put capital into, regardless of what happens and kind of the trajectory things you can’t change and where areas that you can pull back on spend?
Stanley Bergman: Well, when you say investments, let me deal with the M&A side. As I noted earlier on, deals are not done until they are signed and announced. But we have a view that we wish to spend $300, $400 million a year on M&A. We’ve done approximately that on average. Some years it’s been a lot higher. Last year was a bit higher. During COVID, it was a bit lower. But we want to do, we want to continue to invest in M&A at that kind of a rate. The pipeline is relatively full. Specialty products is an area of focus. We’ve already announced two fold ins on the distribution side. But I would say it’s the high margin high growth areas that we’re most interested in. it doesn’t mean we will not continue to fold in businesses, expand our geography on the distribution side. Again we remain quite optimistic in that the pipeline is full. But we can’t commit to closing anything. As it relates to investments in the business, I would ask Ron, to cover that. We have specific areas where we’re focusing on reducing expenses but other areas where we going to move investments towards that we believe will impact the long term, sustainable profits of the business. Ron on the investment the business, your thoughts?
Ron South: Yes. Brandon part of this restructuring initiative we have in place is to give us an opportunity to redirect some investment internally in the business to those areas where we see greater opportunities for growth, greater opportunities for higher profitability. So that’s part of it. But we’re also like I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we have $400 million authorized for share repurchases, and we will expect that to continue to be an important part of our capital allocation going forward as well. So part of this is share buyback together with I think kind of targeted M&A as Stanley pointed out, but plus also some reallocation of internal investment and as we proceed through 2023.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
A.J. Rice: Hi, everybody. Thanks for the question. I wondered if maybe to expand a little bit on your comments on inflation. And I know in the prepared remarks, you talked about seeing some price increases at the end of the quarter. Are you still able, generally to pass those along? Are you seeing any significant shift toward your the national brand or your corporate brand, as an offset to those inflationary pressures? And maybe also, as you progress through the year is the trend of that inflationary increases been pretty steady throughout the year? I know year-over-year it’s up but pretty steady throughout the year, or you’ve seen it build over the course of the year?
Stanley Bergman: So good question. There all been good actually. Let me begin with the end. We did see some national brands some a bunch of increases at the end of the second quarter by some manufacturers. And I would say that there’s a growing awareness amongst our customer base of manufacturers that have increased significantly, multiple times, and those that have held their prices back. So there’s a much more acute understanding of price increases in the marketplace now than I would say, six months ago, two or three quarters ago. There’s nothing, in very little that is so unique in dentistry, that a customer can move from one manufacturer to another. Obviously, certain brands provide more comfort, as brands generally do. Statements generally make about branding than other brands. So generally, we’ve been able to pass on price increases and manufacturers have not been supportive of that. In other words, they may not want to recognize the chargeback. It’s very rare. I can’t think of too many manufacturers, but that’s not a good. It’s generally the norm in medicine. It’s been the case in medicine for two decades. There are a couple of well, one, maybe one or so manufacturers that are in dentistry that are having an issue with that. But generally we’re able to pass them along and were we not meant I would say the customers are working with us and where there isn’t a national brand option we do offer our private brand and some customers look to private brands in any event. So it’s not a crisp answer in that is not one shoe that fits all. But generally we’re able to move price increases along. And the suppliers are understanding where manufacturers are going further than others, that there are options, whether it’s with other national brands, big ones, smaller ones, or our private brand. So I believe we have very good relations with our customers, with most of our suppliers, and a managing to this in a rather effective way. Our margins, gross profit has done okay. It’s not only because of this particular issue that we describe, but it’s also a movement towards a higher growth, higher margin businesses.
A.J. Rice: Okay, maybe just a follow up on the comment you made that lead times on the equipment side are starting to improve a little bit. Does that change the dynamic in the marketplace where they’re potential customers that just said, look, it’s a long lead time. So I’m not going to order now that may now start to order or does it affect the sales process in any other way?
Stanley Bergman: Yes, I think we mentioned our order book is stronger the end of this quarter, was stronger at the end of this quarter the last quarter. It’s a combination of areas. Some of it is the CAD CAM to large extent, the digital side was because the -- meeting was in a different quarter. That’s to some extent, not a large extent, but some of it. So generally because we did have a pretty strong quarter, both here in the U.S. by the way, international relative was held back a bit in the percentages because of prior numbers. But generally the quarter was good. And the buildup went up. Again, some of it because of then supply will moving around. But in general, it’s good. On the traditional equipment, if a customer really needed something we could supply them. If there wasn’t a rush, we asked them to wait. I would say the challenge was U.S. traditional. I would say that the manufacturers in that two major manufacturers in lights. One has not had any back order issues now for a while believe they treat us with the priority. And the other one also treats us very well that improve the capacity but it’s still backlogged. The bigger issue is less availability of the products and more the delays in the sites of installation whether is I think, in line with the general economy, labor shortage, delays by contractors and so we haven’t been able to necessarily deliver. But I think these are all marginal issues because generally equipment from our point of view is strong. Some extent is probably from gaining market share. But in general our equipment business here in the United States and globally is quite strong.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Block: Great, thanks, guys. And good morning. Appreciate the time. And maybe just two quick questions. First, on the dental consumable side. It seems like your LCI growth premium between specialty and basic consumables ex-PPE has compressed and Stanley I think you talked about some implant headwinds. Should we expect that call it that ratio compression, I guess to continue in coming quarters and if so, why Stanley? Is that just sort of teasing out some shifts going on in the dental industry of maybe that move back to call a bread and butter dentistry or more hygiene dominating the chair versus higher end procedures and then I’ve got a quicker follow up and equipment. Thanks. 
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Hard to tell. We haven’t seen the data yet on worldwide sales of implants for some data available. We haven’t seen the report yet. But my sense is the units in oral surgery have not gone down significantly, maybe slightly. But there is a greater interest in the lower priced implants it’s still a little bit strange that the actual cost of the implants is insignificant compared to the procedure. But I guess dentists in certain markets are looking at that. We’re still optimistic about the oral surgery business, very optimistic. Both the market is stable. And because we continue to do well in parts of Europe and in the United and North America, on implants. And I think the low priced units gain our business in that area is doing very well. So we’re also dealing with high comps. The quarters, previous ‘21 was very high comps, very high numbers. So I wouldn’t draw any specific conclusions as to the strength of those businesses from our point of view. I think they are pretty solid. On the other side, our indoor businesses done very well. And our traditional wires and brackets business, although it’s very small, has not done well. But our liners have done well. Let me hasten to say, with a very small market share, but we have a couple of DSO contracts that were they work exposed exclusively with us.
Jon Block: And maybe just a follow up. And I’ll try to push you a little bit. Your dental equipment, comments and continue to, I think be pretty upbeat overall on dental equipment. And that’s contrary at least just to arch axe and it’s telling your conviction that this is true, call it end user demand is not a function of a catch up from the supply issues of six to 12 months ago. And do you think that equipment strength continues into 2023? Thanks for your time, guys.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. We’re talking about at the margin, a relatively small percentages, one way or the other. But generally, I think the business is solid. We also do well with DSOs globally on the equipment side, I think that helps. We have capabilities, I think, on installation, able to bring up many new DSOs, practices on one day, if they buy practices, whole group of practices, we’re able to help install new equipment relatively quickly. We work very well with our suppliers. Not all but most of our suppliers on the equipment side is a great way to markets. So there’s a lot of factors in there. But I would say at least for the foreseeable future, our dental conviction is pretty good. I can’t comment on the rest of the market. There are many players with some private players, even the public players don’t disclose exactly what’s going on. Again, chairs units and lights is largely, are largely private companies. And so it’s very hard to give you a comparison to the market. Having said that we do feel comfortable with our equipment growth as November 1 2022.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Erin Wright: Great, thanks. I have a quick question on the medical segment. What’s driving the highest single digit growth? I guess was a little bit slower than what we saw in the first half. But that’s excluding the COVID related dynamics and what the sustainability of this growth, are you seeing market share gains? Or what are some of the factors driving that? Thanks. 
Stanley Bergman: Yes. That’s also another good question. We don’t get many questions on the medical business which we think is a great franchise. We’re doing very well with IDNs. Now IDNs generally use other map distributors, big, big hospital distributors for their hospital acute care needs. But for the ultimate care needs, the physician practices primary but other ultimate care sectors other than long term care which we are not in generally, we are viewed as an important player. We don’t win every contract, but we win a lot. It’s based on our service, our relationship with suppliers, efficient charge-back systems that we have in place with suppliers that work very well with us on that side of the house, where there’s been charge-backs for example, in place for years as a way of doing business and we just do it very well on the ultimate care side, particularly the for physician side. So with the large IDNs too many new ones, we have won a few in the last few years, but that have switched that often. Having said that, there’s a growing part of the IDN business that’s moving from the acute care setting into the ultimate care specifically, physician ASC side of the provider side. And we do well with that. We also made a comment that our other medical businesses are doing well. Government business we do quite well in that area. We have some unique businesses in that area. And they’re not huge, but they’re doing well. We’ve also indicated that our sports medicine, there are parts of the EMS business that we’re in that dwell podiatry the smaller practices, the smaller group practices, these are all areas where we have folks directly focused on these businesses that are doing well. So I think we do well in this marketplace. We have scale. And we have sophisticated supply chain. I’m not sure if anyone does it better than us from a logistics point of view, combining med surg, pharmaceuticals, equipment, installation, the whole package all in one from one distributor with formularies charge-backs that really work very well.
Erin Wright: And then on 2023, just, I get it there’s limited visibility on PPE and test kits and also the macro kind of heading into 2023. But are there other factors that could be limiting your visibility there for instance are there upcoming changes in DSO or manufacturing contracts that would impact your ability to provide guidance into 2023 now like, or do you anticipate that it’s a fairly normal environment next year from a customer and manufacturer relationship standpoint? Thanks.
Ron South: No. Hi Erwin, it’s Ron. I would say that it’s more the latter from what you just said. We’re not anticipating any other significant changes in the market. We’re just trying to better digest what’s happening on PPE and the COVID-19 test kits. I mean, we’re happy with how the business is doing. We’re happy with the quarter. We faced a $260 million revenue headwind this quarter in terms of decreased revenues in PPE and COVID test kits and in grew EPS from, non-GAAP EPS from $1.10 to $1.15. So, we’re happy with the core business, but we need to get it, we want to better understand the whole dynamics of what’s happening with PPE and COVID test kits we’ll be able to provide, I think detail that will be helpful to people when we include 2023 financial guidance with our Q4 earnings release.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one last question coming from the line of Jason Bednar from Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question. 
Jason Bednar: Hey, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in here. And congrats on the results today. Yes I’ll go with a two partner here. And I’ll just ask both of them upfront, they’re both follow ups to prior questions. So maybe with the forward looking question here, and I’ll take a different cracker than what Jeff did on 2023. Are you willing to commit at all to earnings growth for next year? Or is there any I guess any reason to think operating margins don’t expand in 2023 given the restructuring that you have underway? And then building on Jon Block’s question, if we’re thinking about the sales contribution, shifting maybe on the margin away from the more profitable specialty areas, those parts of the business softening up a little bit, it sounds like. Can you reconcile or fill the gap and how profitability and margin expansion is still remaining that solid as you see it for 2022 in spite of this dynamic, thank you.
Ron South: Yes Jason regarding 2023, like I said, we’ll be providing plenty of details around our 2023 financial guidance with our Q4 earnings release. So I think at this point in time, we’re not prepared to provide anything directional. With reference to your question on the kind of dental margins and the influence of specialty products I think something to keep in mind is that specialty products are likely going to have or historically may have a little more volatility in their growth versus merchandise. Merchandise can fluctuate a few points year-over-year while specialty products might have a little greater volatility than that. As Stanley said we had pretty good growth last year in the third quarter of the specialty product. So you’re right in terms of this particular quarter maybe there’s a little more kind of I’m not sure what the right word is, but how the margins kind of come together. But I don’t know if we’re to the point of saying that’s going to be kind of a long term trend here.
Stanley Bergman: We still highly bullish about high growth, high margin businesses. There may be some volatility as Ron indicated, but generally, the oral surgery business is a good one. We believe growing our market share globally. And endo is very strong. Obviously, some volatility in brackets, and aligners seem, with a small for us seem to be also positive area. But I wouldn’t read any anything into one or two or three quarters. I think we’ve shown that long term our businesses are growing and we expect commitments to add in organic growth to that.
Operator: Thank you, I would like to turn the floor back over to Stanley Bergman for any closing comments.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, operator. Thank you, everyone, for your participation. I think we’ve said it a couple of times today, many times, we have confidence in our core businesses. We just don’t know the degree of volatility in the PP and E, primarily gloves, and the COVID test area, the rapid test area. But excluding that we feel strength, stability. We are feeling good about our dental consumable businesses around the world, the equipment business. We are feeling good about our medical business and our value added services businesses recovered specialty. So obviously, we’re in a volatile times. But we’re also focusing on our expenses as we’ve announced in the past relative to our restructuring and this is something Henry Schein has gone through many times in the past, have a good management team in place, focused on the priorities at the center, which is a BOLD plus one initiative. So with that in mind, thank you all again for calling in. We’ll speak to you at the beginning of mid February, the longer period, mid February, but I think we’ll be at a couple of conferences will be two or three conferences. Right. And, again, if anyone has any specific questions, please feel free to reach out to Ron, to Graham and Ron and thank you very much. Since we won’t have another one of these calls, have a safe holiday season and thank you very much for your interest in Henry Schein.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Henry Schein's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]  And as a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Graham Stanley, Henry Schein, Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Financial Project Officer. Please go ahead, Graham.
Graham Stanley: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's Financial Results for the second quarter of 2022. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Ron South, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that's forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may those expressed in or indicated by such statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and included in the Risk Factors section of those filings. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. Our conference call remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented certainly for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures can be found in the Supplemental Information section of our Investor Relations website and in Exhibit B of today's press release, which is also available in the Investor Relations section of our website. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, August 2, 2022. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Lastly, this quarter, we have also prepared a presentation summarizing our second quarter financial results. This can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up during Q&A. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Graham. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us. Today, we are pleased to report record second quarter financial results that reflect a good underlying momentum in the business and execution on our strategies. Sales were particularly strong in our technology and Value-Added Services businesses and our Medical businesses. Although there were some near-term headwinds in the quarter due to COVID infection rates, among other factors, our solid operational execution this quarter, and our results demonstrate the strength -- the underlying strength of the business. In June, we saw COVID-19 infection rates, which we believe contributed to a -- so there was a rising COVID-19 infection rates, which we believe contributed to a decline in patient traffic. This is particularly so in our dental business. We expect patient traffic to increase again when the infection rates moderate, and this is, to some extent, quite regional. While we are maintaining our full 2022 full year guidance for EPS for 2022, and that's the guidance range of $4.75 to $4.91, we are adjusting our expectations for full year sales growth to reflect changes, which include continued strengthening of the US dollar and declining demand for COVID-19 test kits. The company's management team is laser focused on executing our BOLD+1 2022 to 2024 strategic plan priorities, thereby, providing our customers with an exceptional experience, delivering differentiated solutions that make our customers practices more successful and improved patient outcomes, leading to delivery of our financial goals, as we've set out in 2022 to 2024 strategic plan. We believe that the long-term trends across our end markets provide a solid platform for us to deliver on our goals. In short, Henry Schein remains well-positioned to deliver consistent, sustainable profit growth and to create value for our shareholders as we have for almost 28 years as a public company. Before we turn to a business update and the progress we have made in executing on our strategic growth initiatives, I would like to touch on macroeconomic challenges in general and discuss Henry Schein's ongoing efforts to be best positioned to succeed in this dynamic environment that we're now all living through. First, concerns with a potential economic downturn. Given Henry Schein's broad portfolio of medical and dental products and services, we are an important partner to health care providers treating their patients and keeping communities healthy. The market Henry Schein serves have weathered past slowdowns quite well. During the challenging economic times, consumers continue to need services from office-based health care practitioners, it's both medical and dental and from the alternate health care sites that we service. That said, we are working to mitigate the future impact of any potential economic slowdown on our key stakeholders, including advancing efficient and low-cost supply chain solutions and practice management solutions in general, such as patient demand generation services and generally those services that can help the practitioner operate a more efficient practice, so that they can provide the best of clinical care for their patients. We're announcing today a restructuring plan that is focused on funding the priorities of our strategic plan, in other words, moving resources to the areas we want to focus on, but at the same time, streamlining operations and other initiatives to increase efficiency. Ron will speak more about this topic in a moment. Second, we continue to work with our suppliers to limit the impact on inflation on price increases for product supplies, as well as the cost of transportation of those goods. During the second quarter, we estimate the price inflation for non PP&E merchandise from brand manufacturers to have ticked up to approximately 3%, it could in fact be slightly lower. We've -- I think done a good job working with our manufacturers on this. And the inflationary impact on equipment sales, in other words, other than non-PP&E merchandise. The impact of inflation on our equipment sales was relatively insignificant. Of course, on PP&E is significantly down, because they've got the deflation in glove prices. When customers express price concerns, we believe that given the breadth of our offering, we are typically able to provide a lower-cost national brand solution or corporate brand alternative, allowing us to maintain our margins, but also helping our customers deal with inflation. So -- with the impact of inflation on their practices. So third, while global supply chain pressures have been relatively stable over the past three quarters, our product portfolio, which we believe is the industry's broadest. Once again, affords us a competitive edge, as it is more easily enables substitutions when a particular product or brand is in short supply. We continue to expect that supply chain issues for traditional equipment will impact sales through the year-end. That said, the situation appears to be stable and probably improving, with some of our suppliers, particularly on the traditional side, will expand their capacity and are now providing us with much better service than three or four months ago. And I say better service, I'm talking about on fill rates. Our strong order book on the equipment side across the board, actually, in all product categories globally -- and that backlog continues to grow and do well, supports good equipment sales over the next few quarters. Fourth, Henry Schein is well positioned to manage rising interest rates. Our low level of borrowings means that our interest expense is not significantly affected by interest rate changes. And at the same time, most of our current debt is at a fixed interest rate. The primary area of our business that could be impacted is Dental equipment, as those purchases are typically financed. Having said that, it's important to bear in mind that interest rates are still relatively low from a historical context. And our equipment order book remains strong and is tending to get stronger. Last, regarding -- and this is last of our macro trends, regarding the shortage of labor and skills, Henry Schein has always been an attractive place for talent to build a career. The team Schein values and philosophy is an attractive place for talent. Of course, we are continuously evaluating and supporting our pool of human capital to make sure we would say our existing personnel while attracting those skills we need. We believe our internal talent pool is better than ever and will be instrumental in Henry Schein executing on our growth plans. Talking about growth plans, our strategic plan addresses how we will stay ahead of the fundamental shifts affecting our customers. There's a significant amount of change taking place in the dental and medical professionals, professions, and we are addressing these plans through our strategic -- these dynamics through our strategic plan. These plans include the goal to accelerate the adoption of digital technology not only within the company, but also helping our customers digitalize and there's a great pressure on our customers to digitalize in their practice, and we're providing excellent handholding consulting services and, of course, an excellent offering of digital products to help our customers advance the digitalization of their practices. So in this connection, yesterday, we announced three new senior executive strategic roles designed to further enable us to fulfill our strategic plan. We are forming three new teams led by experienced leaders, actually exceptional leaders, who will work together to advance digital technology to create an exceptional customer experience with Henry Schein and accelerate the development of new and complementary technologies and platforms, of course, as I noted to drive efficiency in our customers' practices while positioning them to provide better quality of care, but at the same time also to drive efficiency within Henry Schein. We expect this will enable our sales team and customers to collaborate together to harness this technology. These three teams we've set up, each one led by an outstanding executive will enable our sales teams to provide even better connectivity to our customers as our customers go through this massive change in running their practices driven through digitalization of the management systems and of course, the clinical support. The first is Leigh Benowitz, who has been named Senior Vice President and Chief Global Digital Transformation Officer. Leigh, a member of our Executive Management Committee is reporting to Chris Pendergast, our Chief Technology Officer. Leigh will be responsible for enabling the delivery of digital sales by developing our e-commerce infrastructure capabilities and we'll continue to lead the implementation of our global e-commerce platform, GEP, which is well underway, and Leigh has played a key role in getting us to where we are and will lead us to the successful implementation of GEP. Leigh is the terrific executive. There is a press release that was issued this morning talking about these Leigh’s – Leigh and Trinh, I'll speak about it in a minute and another press release about Mark Hillebrandt, and I think you'll read those, and you'll understand why these three executives are so important to the future of Henry Schein, and at the same time, appreciate what they've done and what they're going to do. The second is Trinh Clark, who has been named Senior Vice President and Chief Global Customer Experience Officer, also a member of our Executive Management Committee. And Trinh reports to Brad Connett, CEO of our North American Distribution Group. Trinh will be responsible for designing, developing and implementing a consistent customer experience and brand marketing strategy globally. Well, the strategy to a large extent are developed and Trinh will take it down to much more detail and be responsible for implementation and working with the entire organization on driving consistent customer experience, branding, of course, given the change in the environment from a technology point of view. Trinh will also continue to lead our technology enablement and strategic marketing teams in North America. And finally, Mark Hillebrandt has been named Vice President and Chief Digital Revenue Officer, also reporting to Brad. Mark will be responsible for engaging customers online through our e-commerce platform to drive digital transactions, while also securing a healthy pipeline of digitally sourced teams -- leads -- sorry, digital source leads and new prospects to be delivered to our field sales organization. Mark has done a pretty -- has done a very good job in setting us up with respect to digital leads, making shopping experience from a digital point of view much better. And in that context, working closely with our sales organization who in the end are responsible for driving sales and through our consultative selling methodology that's worked so well for the company. We're also making very good progress on our one distribution strategy contained in our strategic plan. In other words, operationalizing one distribution, dental medical. In May, we announced the appointment of Dirk Benson as Chief Commercial Officer of our North American Distribution Group. Dirk joined Henry Schein following a distinguished career with Medline Industries. Also reporting to Brad Connett, Dirk is responsible for the entire dental and medical distribution group's, customer-facing organization in the US, focused on helping us to advance our goal of exceptional customer experience, increasing efficiency and sales growth in these businesses. So that's a little bit about the implementation of our strategies. So let me pivot a little bit now to provide some color on the performance of each of our business units, starting with our dental distribution business. The second quarter growth in our global dental business, once again was driven by strong global equipment sales as dentists continue to invest in their practices, consumable merchandise internal sales growth in local currencies, excluding PP&E and COVID-19 related products and Ron will give specifics, was impacted by an increase in patient appointment cancellations and staff shortages, which we believe were related to COVID-19 infection rates. Lower sales of PP&E products in the quarter were mainly a result of the decline in glove prices. Glove prices reached a peak at the end of the second quarter 2021 and have been coming down deflation. And so, we expect pricing will continue to be a headwind for the next quarter or two, albeit to a much lesser extent. So we had these factors taking place in the second quarter, impacting our dental distribution, internal growth rates. One, of course, was the appointment, cancellations and staff shortages and the second is deflation with respect to glove prices. Now internal sales growth in our North American Dental Equipment business, as noted earlier, reflects continued demand in both traditional and digital restoration categories, both of them. Our equipment results also benefited from sales to some of our larger DSO accounts, we expect we'll continue to be investing in their practices. And as I noted earlier on, our equipment order book remains solid. Our International Equipment sales were strong to similar trends. Two fast-growing areas in digital dentistry are digital restorations and that's the traditional scanners, the chairside, CAD/CAM, et cetera, and a rapidly growing new area, which is 3D printing. Based on significant investments we have made in both of these areas over the years and our strong relationship with our suppliers, we believe we offer our customers a differentiated digital product offering across multiple brands. And we expect these categories will continue to grow well for us into the future. We have, of course, a goal of continuing to expand our geographic footprint and we recently announced the acquisition of Condor Dental. Condor Dental services, dental general practitioners, specialists and laboratories in Switzerland. The one market we don't have a strong general presence, although, we served the Swiss dental market since 2004 through Camlog, our leading oral surgery business, and Condor Dental expands our presence in this market, with a full service dental distribution offering.  Now turning to dental specialty and technology value-added services. I'd like to touch upon the progress we are making with our goal of building complementary high-growth, software, services and specialty products and the shift in our corporate profit contribution to these higher-margin products. We are -- we have invested in good properties. We expect to continue to invest heavily in this area. We have great management teams and are very enthusiastic about the potential. So our high-margin technology value-added services and specialty products are growing at a good pace and now represent about 40% of our total sales, but more important, 36% of our total operating income. Of course, there's no way to determine exactly which quarter these numbers will go up, but we're quite confident that we have a team in place that will drive these high-margin businesses with in-demand products towards a greater percent of our operating income. So if we just look at the sales of our Dental Specialty products, they were very solid during the second quarter and were driven by BioHorizons' oral surgery products in North America. This was partially due -- and by the way, in Germany, which is a big market for us in the implants, COVID was quite serious in the third and second quarter, but actually seems to have picked up again in July. This was partially due to – BioHorizons' growth was partially due the growth of our national DSO customers, but also across the customer landscape, including midsize and smaller practices as we are seeing implants becoming adopted as a standard procedure in overall dental care. And I think we have outstanding marketing materials, sales force and, of course, backed up with great products. So we expect this trend to support continued growth. In this connection, we are pleased to announce the partnership between BioHorizons, Camlog and struck here plus [ph] tissue membrane. This product has demonstrated positive qualities for tissue regeneration, and we are excited to be able to further differentiate our offering in this area to our customers. BioHorizons-Camlog has exclusive global rights to this product in the dental field and a long-term supply agreement with AutoCell [ph], and we expect to launch the product towards the end of the third quarter. Within our endodontic products offering, we showed good growth and have been quite successful and actually quite excited with our recently launched EdgePRO irrigation laser. In the second quarter, we had good new console sales, and we're starting to see sales of consumables from our first placements in the first quarter. But it's good to see the positive feedback from customers and how well this product is being received in the marketplace. We're very, very excited about this technology. Our priority in the orthodontic business is the Reveal Clear Aligner product. Sales in wires and brackets were not very strong in the second quarter. I think this is a market issue. Having said that, we've had quite a bit of success with our Reveal Clear Aligner, specifically in the DSO market, the launch of our Studio Pro 4.0 software is giving the Reveal Aligner business quite a boost. So we remain quite enthusiastic about our three specialty areas that is oral surgery, implant bone regeneration products. Our endodontic business and our orthodontic business specifically as it relates to the Reveal Clear Aligner offering. So now Technology Value-Added Services, we are pleased with the growth in our Technology and Value-Added Services businesses. We once again, North America and International sales increased by double-digit percentages. Henry Schein own sales growth accelerated compared to the prior year growth, and we are seeing healthy demand from our national DSO accounts for these solutions, but also add for the Dentrix Ascend and Dentally cloud-based solutions, some are going to DSOs, but general reception from GPs and specialists, small and midsized practices is also very good. Both generally entirely showed solid increases in the number of users. In fact, one -- Henry Schein One added more than 400 new cloud customers during the second quarter. Meanwhile, our total number of cloud customers is up 20% over the past six months, which demonstrates good momentum within this part of the business, again, the movement of digitalization towards the cloud. We continue to invest in product development and customer service. And these impact -- these investments that impact the second quarter margins. We believe these investments are providing a solid growth driver for the business. There are other services in this area that we report on, financial services, a number of other publication, services, et cetera. But we are particularly pleased with the poor performance of ESS, the revenue cycle management solution that we acquired last June, a great complement to the business, in fact, helping our field sales consultants, provide better consulting services, more relevant consulting services to our customers on the dental side. Turning to our medical business. This business has performed well over many years and again, had another excellent quarter with double-digit internal growth in local currencies when excluding PP&E and COVID-19-related products. During the second quarter, we had strong sales in point-of-care diagnostic tests, including flu tests as well as generic drugs and equipment, which is all a good sign. Patient traffic was bolstered by higher numbers of visits for seasonal influenza, which is a departure from prior years when the flu season typically ends during the first quarter. Ambulatory surgical centers are still not up to where they were pre-COVID, but I think we're moving in the right direction. Having said that, the rest of the business is very solid in the medical arena. So with that overview of our business and the environment, in which we operate. I will now ask Ron for a more detailed review of our financial results. Thank you. Ron, please.
Ron South: Thank you, Stanley, and good morning, everyone. Turning to our second quarter financial results. Total net sales for the second quarter of 2022 were $3.0 billion, reflecting growth of 2.1% compared with the prior year period. Internally generated sales in local currencies, which I will refer to as LCI, increased 2.4%. And when excluding sales of PPE and COVID-19 related products, our LCI growth was 6.7%. As Stanley mentioned, prices for PPE products and specifically for gloves increased last year due to market volatility and supply chain disruptions. More recently, prices of gloves and COVID-19 test kits have declined. This pricing volatility, combined with the strong prior year sales comparison is driving a year-over-year decline in sales of PPE and COVID-19 related products. Additional details of sales performance are contained in Exhibit A in our earnings press release issued earlier today. Operating margin for the second quarter of 2022 was 7.27%, representing an 18 basis point improvement compared with prior year GAAP operating margin. When compared with prior year non-GAAP results, operating margin improved by 6 basis points. Operating margin improvement was due to gross margin expansion, mainly as a result of an increase in sales of higher-margin products. This was partially offset by higher operating expenses as a percent of sales, which grew as a result of increases in payroll and travel since our operations have generally returned to normal this year. Turning to taxes. Our effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2022 was 23.8%. This compares with an effective tax rate of 23.4% for the second quarter of 2021 on a GAAP basis and 23.2% on a non-GAAP basis. GAAP net income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. for the second quarter of 2022 was $160 million or $1.16 per diluted share. This compares with prior year GAAP net income of $156 million or $1.10 per diluted share and prior year non-GAAP net income $157 million or $1.11 per diluted share. Amortization from acquired intangible assets for the second quarter of 2022 was $31.3 million or $0.14 per diluted share. This compares with $30.1 million or $0.13 per diluted share for the same period last year. Foreign currency exchange negatively impacted our second quarter diluted EPS by approximately $0.03 versus the second quarter of last year. And at the current foreign exchange rates, we expect the impact to be more pronounced in the second half of the year as compared to the first half of the year. I'll now provide some detail on our second quarter sales results. Global Dental sales of $1.9 billion declined 3.1% compared to the same period last year, with LCI sales down 0.3%. LCI sales growth, excluding PPE and COVID-19 related products was 3.5%. Global Dental consumable merchandise LCI sales declined 2.2%, but when excluding sales of PPE and COVID-19 related products, they increased 2.4%. Global dental equipment LCI sales growth was 7.0%. North America dental LCI sales declined 1.1% compared to the prior year, primarily due to consumable merchandise LCI sales declining 3.5%. However, when excluding sales of PPE and COVID-19 related products, North American dental consumable merchandise LCI sales increased 2.2%. Consumable merchandise sales were impacted by lower patient traffic during the quarter offset by price inflation. North America dental equipment LCI sales increased 8.1% compared with the second quarter of 2021, with good performance in both traditional and digital restoration categories. International dental LCI sales growth was 1.0% compared with the second quarter of 2021, driven by equipment LCI sales growth of 5.5%. The growth in equipment LCI sales was partially offset by a 0.3% decrease in International Dental consumable merchandise LCI sales. However, these sales increased 2.7% when excluding sales of PPE and COVID-19 related products. Lower patient traffic, which we believe is a result of higher COVID-19 infection rates, resulted in lower consumable merchandise sales in parts of Europe and in Australia and New Zealand as well as China because of the required lockdowns and were offset by double-digit sales growth in Brazil. Our equipment backlog in our North America and international businesses remain strong. Sales of Dental Specialty products were approximately $242 million in the second quarter with LCI growth of 6.6% compared with the prior year. Growth was particularly notable in North America for oral surgery products, consisting of implants and bone regeneration products. Technology and Value-Added Services sales during Q2 were $181 million, an increase of 18.1% compared with the prior year, including LCI growth of 10.8%. In North America, Technology and Value-Added Services LCI sales growth was 10.4%. This growth was broad-based with particular strength in our practice management business, including Dentrix and Dentrix Ascend. Internationally, Technology and Value-Added Services LCI sales increased 13.4% compared to the prior year, driven by performance in the United Kingdom. During the second quarter, our Technology and Value-Added Services businesses, together with our Dental Specialty products achieved total sales growth of 9.0% and LCI sales growth of 8.2% slightly lower than our goal of double-digit growth for the full year. Global Medical sales during the second quarter of $1.0 billion grew 10.3% compared to the same period in 2021, with LCI sales growth of 6.7%, led by growth in point-of-care diagnostics. We sold approximately $68 million in COVID-19 test kits in the second quarter of 2022, including multi-assay flu and COVID-19 combination test. This compares with approximately $75 million in test kit sales in the second quarter of 2021. We expect continued volatility in sales of test kits for the remainder of the year. Excluding sales of PPE and COVID-19 related products, Global Medical LCI sales increased 13.6% compared to the second quarter of 2021. Regarding stock repurchases. We repurchased common stock in the open market during the second quarter, buying approximately 1.3 million shares at an average price, $81.42 per share for a total of $110 million. The impact of the repurchase of shares on our second quarter diluted EPS was immaterial. As of the end of the second quarter, we had $90 million authorized and available for future share repurchases. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow. We continue to benefit from significant liquidity, providing our businesses flexibility and financial stability. Operating cash flow for the second quarter of 2022 was $157 million compared to the $159 million for the second quarter of last year. As Stanley mentioned, today, we are announcing a company-wide restructuring plan that is focused on funding the priorities of the strategic plan and streamlining operations and other initiatives to increase efficiency. The company expects to record restructuring charges in 2022 and 2023. However, an estimate of the amount of these charges has not yet been determined. Any restructuring charges are expected primarily to include severance pay and facility-related costs. The expense savings realized from this plan are expected to mainly affect 2023 and beyond. Turning to 2022 financial guidance. I will conclude my remarks by noting that we are affirming our 2022 full year GAAP diluted EPS guidance range of $4.75 to $4.91, reflecting growth of 7% to 10% compared with our 2021 GAAP diluted EPS of $4.45 and growth of 5% to 9% compared with our 2021 non-GAAP diluted EPS of $4.52. With reference to the balance of the year, we currently anticipate higher EPS growth in Q4 than in Q3. We are revising our full year sales guidance and now expect sales growth of approximately 3% to 6% over 2021 versus our previously communicated expected sales growth of 5% to 8%. This change reflects adverse effects from foreign exchange rates and a decrease in anticipated sales of PPE and COVID related products, including COVID-19 test kits. Sales of COVID-19 test kits are now expected to decline 25% to 30% from 2021 versus a previously estimated decline of 15% to 25%. We continue to expect full year 2022 operating margin expansion of 39 to 44 basis points over 2021 GAAP operating margin, an expansion of 20 to 25 basis points over 2021 non-GAAP operating margin. Our guidance is for current as well as completed or previously announced acquisitions and does not include potential future acquisitions or restructuring expenses. Guidance also assumes that foreign currency exchange rates will remain generally consistent with current levels. However, additional headwinds from foreign currency exchange rates for the remainder of the year may further impact our sales and EPS. Guidance further assumes that end markets will remain stable and consistent with current market conditions and that there are no material adverse market changes associated with COVID-19. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Ron. Just a couple of very brief comments on senior leadership. A couple of updates. As of July 1st, Gerry Benjamin retired from Henry Schein as EVP and Chief Administrative Officer and he stepped down from a Board when his term expired in May. Gerry has been in the company for 34 years. He will be continuing as a consultant and was an invaluable as we grew from a domestic mail order business of a couple hundred million dollars into global full service products and services business with nearly 22,000 team Henry Schein members and operations in 32 countries. We are fortunate to have a deep bench, and with Gerry’s retirement Michael Ettinger became EVP and Chief Operating Officer, reporting to me. In addition to Michael's Corporate Affairs responsibility, responsibility has assumed, responsibility for HR, IT and supply chain with each of these three functions is led by highly competent, long standing Henry Schein executives. Michael joined the Henry Schein in 1994, serving most recently as Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. The creation of the CEO position is a result of growing size, scope and complexity of our operations. And I'm confident that Michael will be successful in his new role, together with the leadership in general about business units, four to five big business units and the rest of the executive management team. Barry Alperin also retired from our Board of Directors at our Annual Stockholder Meeting in May. And I would like to take this opportunity to thank Barry for his 26 years of exceptional service and our board, having joined in 1996 shortly after the company's initial public offering. So operator with those comments, we’re free to answer any questions.
Operator: Thank you sir. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Bednar: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking our questions. Stanley, if I could start on the patient staff absenteeism you referenced in impacting dental patient volumes. Is there any way you can quantify what you think that impact may have been in the quarter? I think you said it was mostly a regional impact. But could you compare those regions that were less impacted to those that saw the volume effects? And then, is it the real time trends that you're seeing with patient volumes that gives you the confidence here today to anticipate a patient volume recovery here in the second half of the year?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Jason, that's a number that we're constantly trying to figure out. It's very difficult, because this is -- this COVID is going in waves, rolling waves. The good news is, I don't think we’re going to have to wait too long. July in the United States, we still saw heavy absenteeism, cancellations in the beginning part, maybe the first three weeks. And most recently, the last few weeks it's gotten better. But there is still some cancellation activity and shortages. So -- but it's been mitigated to some extent. I think we can expect that to increase in the rest of the quarter. Internationally, it's really very regionally dependent. Last quarter, Germany was really heavily hit. And in July -- since this is the call -- a public call with all our investors, I can report on this. July was exceptional. Brazil was exceptional. Australia, New Zealand, although relatively small, it's gotten worse, because last year this time, the rates were quite good. China, it's not material to the whole of Henry Schein, but generally has stabilized. Having said that, there are locked down for three, four, five days in specific locations. So my expectation is this is going to iron itself out in the third quarter. Although, there's no way to tell, that also seems like this COVID, speaking to several people in different countries in Europe, doesn't seem to be as serious. People get sick, small symptoms, and they generally come out of it within 8 to 10, 12 days. So it’s all I can give you. I wish I could give you more.
Jason Bednar: Okay. No, that's helpful. Appreciate that, Stanley. And then, Stanley or Ron, just on the guide, reaffirming the guide here today. Great to see you stick with the outlook of extending non-GAAP operating margins here 20 to 25 basis points. Given where we're at year-to-date, that does imply a decent step higher here in the second half of the year in order to hit that guide. So the margin comps do get easier, so that helps. But maybe can you speak to the margin visibility you have in terms of cost controls versus how much of that margin expansion that’s in the guide is volume growth or business mix dependent?
Ron South: Well, I think, if you look at the kind of the expansion of gross margin in Q2, that's largely driven by product mix. That's largely driven by greater growth in our -- some of our Dental Specialty products and our Technology business. And so we're projecting that we can continue that kind of favorable mix going forward. This also requires us to very carefully manage our operating expenses in the back half of the year. And there is -- we are acutely aware of that. But that's -- those are the -- really the primary drivers as we look at product mix and ongoing kind of vigilance over operating expenses in the back half of the year in order to approve -- to achieve that operating margin expansion.
Jason Bednar: All right. Very helpful. I’ll hop back in queue. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Brackmann with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Brackmann: Hi, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Stanley, I want to go back to the comments you made in the prepared remarks around some of the customers, I guess, pushing back on pricing increases and your ability to sort of find alternative solutions. I guess just broadly speaking, is this something that, I guess, the majority of your customers are asking for at this point, and we should start to be thinking about sort of a multi-quarter revenue headwind associated with that, or is this less of the majority at that point? Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. So I don't think it's across the board. Having said that, we have to be competitive. And so we can switch customers if particular manufacturers want to stick with the price increases, we have options. And customers are looking at those options. Obviously, the midsized customers and some of the -- and the bigger DSOs, national DSOs are much more if you will, educated consumers, so they can see that on one product versus another one manufacturer versus another, there are options. And I was quite clear in my remarks indicated that I don't think this will impact margin, but could impact sales in the sense that customers are moving maybe to lower-priced products for the same function, functionally the same lower price. And in some instances, obviously, the margin will be better. We're not pushing our private brand, but where we're in a competitive situation. We will push a private brand. Margins are pretty good. There's been some inflation on the private brand, but we're also in a pretty good position to work with our manufacturers. So what I'm saying generally, we can manage through this. Our margins will be good. I think we're providing excellent value-added services to our customers in this regard. What I'm excluding, of course, is PP&E, where there's deflation and generic and other pharmaceuticals where those move different directions to the general market. In all of those areas, I think we are maintaining and in fact, we likely will grow our gross profit.
Andrew Brackmann: Okay. Thanks for that. That's helpful. And then I guess just on the staffing commentary around sort of dental, now recognizing, I guess, this could be a little bit longer of a headwind than we might be anticipating here. Can you just sort of talk about some of the longer-term opportunities that this dynamic might sort of create for Schein with your expansion into some of the services and technologies -- and maybe, I guess, just part of that, can you talk about some of the specific investments that you're going to be making here throughout the balance of 2022? Thanks for the questions.
Stanley Bergman: Very good question actually. I expect that no one has a crystal ball but I expect the dental staffing to emerge closer to 2019 within the next few months. Maybe it lingers into the fourth quarter. I don't think so. There is an issue still with hygienists. They feel very uncomfortable. It goes back to COVID. It's an important part of prevention of the business. But if we can get the dentists back to full complement, they’ll just have to handle a lot more of the hygiene. They have to work a little bit longer hours. Having said that, there's a lot of technology out there to make the practice of dentistry more productive, the movement from impression material to scanners to implementing systems like Ascend, drive practice efficiency. I think also the PP&E use in the practice was a little bit more intense in terms of doubling up in the amount of time dentist spent on PP&E masking, gloving, wearing these coats and things. That's become more efficient. So I think the production per practice is likely to go up as well. Now as the value-added services, this is key for us, the strategies, whether it's revenue cycle management, demand generation, a business that provides insurance coverage of discounted insurance. All sorts of activities as it goes -- as it relates to education and seminars publications and the like. We're driving different services that really increase the efficiency in their practice while facilitating better clinical care. And this has been a key strategy for years. We will invest more in it. I think we quoted eAssist, which is a business that focuses on revenue cycle management, significantly in demand, highly profitable and highly appreciated by dentists. Jarvis, which provides information on dental practice, indexes and KPIs, all of these things are in demand. And the biggest issue -- or the biggest opportunity of all is our field sales consultants are today much more appreciated for their consulting services than pre-COVID. During COVID, a number of practitioners bought product that wasn't good, didn't necessarily have the most efficient technology in the practice. And so our consultants are being consulted on these items, of course, providing good advice, but at the same time providing great stickiness.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Block: Thanks guys. Good morning. Stanley, maybe just the first on the dental equipment outlook. You seemed, I thought bullish last quarter, and I got the feeling maybe equally as bullish this quarter, you talked about solid orders and a strong backlog. I'd just love to get your thoughts. Is that sort of a fair takeaway? And maybe show do you expect the equipment outlook to hold up well into the back part of 2022, even in arguably of what's quickly becoming or supposedly becoming a weaker overall environment?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. It's a very good question. I believe equipment is going counterintuitive to the way one would think in a challenged economy. Traditional equipment is doing well. I think -- the consumer is expecting dentists to have a good-looking modern chair and the dentists are understanding this. So they're investing in their practices. I would say, the whole restorative area is doing extremely well. That's the digital restorations particularly, whether it's scanners, full chairside and now, of course, 3D printing. All of these are in demand and specifically as it relates to interoperability with some of our software, this is all boding well. I would say, the imaging side, the units are relatively strong, not great. 2D/3D, it's not terrible, but there is some inflation in that area. And there are some shortages in terms of chips, they're holding back availability. I wouldn't say it's critical and there's options to move from one brand to the other. So what I just said to you is not a North American issue only opportunity, but this is global, where our equipment demand continues to be good. The whole traditional equipment supply chain issue was a US, North American issue, not a European issue at all. And so, on both the traditional equipment side and the restore -- digital restoration side, demand is very good in this country, North America, Canada and globally. We're quite -- 
Jon Block: Got it. Sorry.
Stanley Bergman:  -- and 3D printing is also a newly emerging opportunity. So we're very optimistic about our equipment business.
Jon Block: Thanks, Stanely. Great color. And maybe as a quick follow-up. Ron, for you, any color on the decrementals for the COVID tests and PPE? Just in terms of a way to think about that at the op margin level. And then, just do we have to actually start thinking about them differently with the way that COVID tests have rolled over? Any color there? Thanks, guys.
Ron South: Well, I would say, at the operating margin level, with PPE, we're still getting -- well, let's first talk about gross margin. With PPE, we're getting, I would say, a gross margin that we're happy with. I think what happens is that, as that pricing of PPE goes down, it obviously results in a lower sales number. So it puts a little bit of strain on operating margin to the extent we have fixed costs as operating expenses. I think COVID test kits, we are seeing a little bit of pressure on pricing there, but we have seen some stability in that -- in the demand for COVID test kits. We had a fairly consistent run, kind of, weekly run rate in the back half of the second quarter that has continued into July and then I think it has perhaps even improved slightly in July. So -- and that's all taken into consideration when we provide the guidance on that number. But I do think that -- from a gross margin standpoint, kind of going back to your original question, we feel like we're getting a good gross margin on PPE. But at those lower sales dollars, it does put a little bit of pressure on the operating margin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good morning, guys. I've got some background noise here, so I'll just ask two questions and then go back on mute. But first question, just on the North American consumables growth rate this quarter. Stanley, I think you're talking about some COVID headwinds during the period. You had Omicron headwinds last quarter as well. So how do you just bearing out the impact of COVID versus some of the inflationary pressures and just consumer pressures we've seen here over the last couple of quarters or last couple of months, what gives you the confidence that it's COVID not macro? And then number two, I know you're doing a great job trying to hold pricing in line for your customers. I think your customers absolutely appreciate that in our checks anyway. How are you thinking about pricing maybe into 2023? It might be early, but I know manufacturers are struggling given that dental fees haven't gone up for quite a while on how much they might be able to ratchet pricing up again next year. Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: Jeff, as I noted earlier, it's very hard to really identify how much of a dampening impact we had as a result of COVID. But my sense, just listening to our salespeople having gone to a couple of conferences, spending time with customers is that -- it's -- there were several hundred basis points on the consumable side that are related to this dampening because of COVID. I expect that, that will improve the rate -- at the rate of infection. Well, as it improves, we'll drive visits back to the office. That's not in the US, but globally, I think. The impact of inflation, I'm actually a little bit surprised with the fact that we've been able to keep our rates I quoted a 3% number. I think it's actually less in the non-private label in the non glove PP&E area. So the volumes are there and the inflation doesn't seem to be too bad. How it goes in, how this drives, where this ends up in the fourth quarter or even 2023 is hard to tell. We are not getting huge pushback on pricing from our point of view. But we're being asked about different brand options. And I think manufacturers are going to have to think this through. I know they're doing that now. And again, I'm talking about consumables. So it's hard to see how much inflation rate is really going to be towards the end of the fourth quarter, the beginning of the first. But it doesn't look like we've seen in other -- with other products in the general economy.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, this is Justin Wang [ph] filling in for Erin. We were wondering what is embedded in your guidance as it relates to potential macro pressures. Is there a risk to guidance from here if we see tougher macro backdrop or is this an element that's really been baked into your guide? Thank you very much.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. I mean I would say that one reason we stayed with the $0.16 range is because of that macro uncertainty that you've referenced. I think that we've kind of played out different scenarios, whether it be in terms of additional inflation, whether it be from additional geopolitical concerns and we did fall within that range of guidance that we provided. So it is taken into consideration for the balance of the year that there could be further deterioration, but we feel like we have the plans in place to try to mitigate that.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We have time for one last question coming from the line of A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
A.J. Rice: Hi everybody. Just two questions. First, can you just comment on what you're seeing in the medical side? I know you're focused on the alternate side area. We're hearing mixed things about how procedure volumes progressed and how much that was impacted by COVID? But alternatively, it sounds like there's a flow out of hospitals into some of those alternate sites and maybe they'd be above pre-pandemic levels. And I'm just curious what you're seeing?
Stanley Bergman: So I think you're referring specifically to the ambulatory surgical centers. We were close to 2019 numbers. I can't remember a couple of quarters back. We've gone back a little bit. But generally, ASCs are quite strong. And we are gaining market share in that area for sure. We have a lot to offer. I think ASCs are also looking at ensuring that the supply chain is efficient that they're not having too much wastage product, exploration dates on product issues, and we help for those kinds of things. So I would say, overall, that's a good area. But we're in a number of alternate sites, whether it's oncology, renal centers. And for us, these markets are all doing quite well. I do believe having said that there probably is going to be some pent-up demand for elective surgery in the ASC space that will go to market. I think people will want these procedures. And so as COVID that take us down here in the United States.
A.J. Rice: Okay. And Stanley, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that you're helping your clinicians deal with key changes in dental and medical professions. And I know you called out specifically digitization in their work. I wondered if you would expand a little more on what you're referring to in some of those key changes that they're dealing with and how that impacts your business down the road?
Stanley Bergman: That's a very good question. There's a clear understanding amongst all the office space practitioners, small to the largest that efficiency is critical. They're going to face reimbursement pressure to some extent, they're facing and now. I think for them, in many respects, labor costs have increased more than reimbursement. So they're turning to our sales force for advice and how to manage the practice and, of course, how to ensure that their clinical standards increase with access to the latest technology. And on the dental side, digitalization, the biggest one is the DI, the scanners in the prosthetic field. I don't know what the number is, but is because it's not clear. But I have to imagine it's still half the dentists in the developed world are still doing manual impressions. So there's a huge opportunity in that regard to convert practices using manual impression to digital impression. The whole movement of impressions to the lab and digital manufacturing of crowns and bridges in the lab is a big opportunity for us. We're a significant player in the lab space. I think we're the largest provider of laboratory products in the world. So as that moves digitally, that's a huge opportunity for us. It has been very good to us in the last year or two, but lots of opportunity in that regard. The practice management arena, the movement from -- towards a cloud-based technology from a security point of view, from a practice management point of view, the digitalization of more of the practice presents a significant amount of opportunity on the practice management side. The interoperability, connectivity between devices and practice management software is a big opportunity. Actually, that's both dental and medical. The movement to 3D printing is starting to get some good momentum. You'll hear more from us in that regard. Actually, hopefully, in the next week or two, we'll have some announcements there. So we're very excited about this on the dental side, the digitalization. And on the medical, just simply, the capital equipment that we're selling, refining practices, replacing non-digital equipment with digital equipment for diagnostics, for other activities. So generally, a more efficient digitalized practice is what practitioners are looking, seeking guidance from our field sales force for and our field sales force is much more capable today of satisfying these needs, because we've got lots of tools in their bags. More information on that, I think, Graham or Ron can provide, I'm happy to connect you with our teams -- our business teams, but simply because of time now, we've got to probably end the call. So we’re very exited about it.
A.J. Rice: Thanks a lot.
Stanley Bergman: That's a very, very good question. And plays to the opportunity for Henry Schein going forward.
Stanley Bergman: So with that in mind, I want to thank everyone for calling. We are most enthusiastic about where we are. We think our BOLD+1 2022 to 2024 strategic plan is going to play out well for us even with a contracted economy, and we're underway to implementing these goals. I’ll talk about it at a future call. Of course, a key part of that is to drive efficiency, as we drive efficiency in all of our distribution businesses as one distribution, One Schein, the notion of selling a package of products to a customer rather than one or two products or services is working well. And of course, our high-margin technology value-added services and specialty products are growing at a good pace. So we're very happy with our senior team, in general. I think the team’s doing very well, and the organization is motivated to support our senior team and our management in general. The long-term trends for our markets are good, so we believe we're servicing a very solid market with a great plan and a great team. So with that, I thank you for calling. If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to Graham Stanley on Investor Relations or Ron directly. Then if -- Graham's contacts are on the website or it's Graham Stanley.
Graham Stanley: Graham.Stanley@henryschein.com
Stanley Bergman: Graham.Stanley@henryschein.com. And Ron is Ronald.
Ron South: Ronald.South@henryschein.com
Stanley Bergman: Ronald South. And please feel free to reach out. And if people want to speak to me, go through those channels, too. Again, thank you very much for calling. Lots going on in the business, and we remain excited as we have for decades. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Henry Schein First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call. Graham Stanley, Henry Schein Vice President of Investor Relations, and Strategic Financial Project Officer. Please go ahead Graham.
Graham Stanley: [Indiscernible]
Operator: Excuse me, Graham. Can you speak a bit louder? You sound far from the phone.
Graham Stanley: Our conference call remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods, where certain items may vary independently of business performance, and allow for greater transplant to reflect the key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes which should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures.  Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures can be found in the supplemental Information section of our Investor Relations website, and in Exhibit B of today's press release, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website. Lastly, the content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, May 3rd, 2022. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or base any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up during Q&A to allow as many listeners as possible to [Indiscernible] questions within the one hour we have allotted for this call. We have updated the format of today's call with Stanley covering the business performance followed by Ron's review of our financial results. We hope you find this format beneficial. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much, Graham. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Before we get into the details of today's call, I would like to take a moment to express my appreciation once again to Steven Paladino, who retired last week after 35 years of outstanding service to Henry Schein. For the excellent execution of Steven succession plan and the smooth transition of his responsibility to Ronald South. I'm certain that investors will appreciate working with Ron and Graham and as we continue to build our Investor Relations communications. Ron is joining us on today's call and we'll discuss details of our first quarter financial performance and full-year guidance. So Ron will discuss that in a moment.  At the start of the call. I would like to highlight that 2022 is off to a strong start. With record first-quarter financial results as we successfully execute on our 2022 to 2024 strategic plan that sets out our winning proposition. Our winning proposition is that customers rely on us for an exceptional experience delivering differentiated solutions that make their practices most successful and improve patient outcomes. Our bold plus one priorities, which we have discussed with in the past, is as follows. The B stands for building complementary software, specialty, and services businesses, for high growth. Operational one Distribution to deliver exceptional customer experience, increased efficiency and sales growth.  And the L stands for one Schein to broaden and deepen relationships with our customers that is with our entire product offering -- service offering. And the D, the drive, stands for driving digital transformation for our customers and for Henry Schein. So our [Indiscernible] priorities will be executed in the context of the plus one. Aligning our key stakeholders, which of course, our suppliers, customers, shareholders, investors, and Team Schein members and society. Today we are affirming our full year 2022 GAAP diluted EPS guidance of $4.75 to $4.91, reflecting the solid growth and stability of our business. To emphasize, we're very, very excited about our 2022 to 2024 strategic plan. Which started at the beginning of this year. We believe we're on a very, very good projectory in that regard. So let me comment on two topics that are on the minds of many investors.  That being inflation and also Global supply chain. We are continually monitoring the potential impact on inflation -- of inflation on our business. The impact journey varies by product category for both merchandise and equipment. And to an extent it it also varies by geography. We estimate that on balance, price, inflation on our product offering. So far this year has been about 3%. Some of our manufacturing partners are currently implementing additional price increases, which obviously will in all probability impact that 3%, but so far it's been about 3%. While we have generally been able to pass along these increases to our customers, we do seek to reduce supply increases wherever possible.  Of course, we are aligned with our customers in that regard. Where customers wish to explore ultimate alternative sources of products because of these pricing pressures, we are typically able to offer various, less expensive alternatives given our broad product assortment of national brands, as well as our wide selection of Henry Schein corporate brands and owned brand products. Our extensive offering to our customers provides many options and is an important differentiator for Henry Schein in the marketplace given the extensive options that we uniquely offer we believe to our customers. The impact of inflation on our equipment business is significantly deferred due to the lead times between confirmation of an equipment order by manufacturers and delivery of the equipment.  Generally, we book orders in advanced with our manufacturers for the liberty in delivering at a future date and that's generally at a confirmed price. So not much inflation in the first quarter, some of course, but not much on the equipment side. In addition, inflation largely impacts the traditional equipment products, as average selling prices for digital equipment continues to decline, although somewhat modestly. Now, turning to the supply chain pressure on our business. Here, the situation is relatively stable, pretty similar to the fourth quarter. Of course, we continue to experience extended lead times for certain products, which are primarily impacting the equipment. On the consumable side, merchandise side, we generally had products.  May not be every single product option in a particular category, but we have basically the products.  And the lead time problems are in fact impacting our equipment deliveries. The recent lockdowns in China, we've received a lot of questions on that, are so far not having a significant supply chain impact on us as most of our manufacturing partners are located outside the effected regions and ports are largely operational from our point-of-view with, of course, some delays. Now, this may be slightly different for specific suppliers of ours of finished goods. Our team is actively managing these inflationary and supply chain matters, which are reflected in our financial guidance. Turning now to the Ukraine. Henry Schein has relatively low dental sales to customers and really no direct presence in either Ukraine or Russia. So the conflict itself is not directly impacting our business per se.  Of course, it could impact our suppliers, consistent with our longstanding commitment to humanitarian work and disaster relief, our team continues to support refugees and displaced persons in and from Ukraine. As we have done, for example, with refugees from Syria, other parts of the Middle East and of course elsewhere. Our support is through the delivery of healthcare product donations in partnership with several of our suppliers and with international NGOs that we've worked with for a long time. And yes, in this case, through our local teams underground in Poland. And there are other on the ground teams that are working with us to provide these relief -- support these relief programs, these humanitarian relief programs. We're actively supporting refugees through managing of donations, products, clothing and yes, in some instances money.  We also are responding to those affected by natural disaster around the world, such as floods in Australia, and last year in Germany, and continuing to work in advancing health equity. Advancing health equity has been a key component of Henry Schein's success for many, many years. That goes to advance access to oral care and, in many respects, to primary care as well. Turning now to the business review of recent accomplishments. Starting with our dental distribution business. The first quarter growth in our dental business was driven by strong global equipment sales, as dentists continued to invest in their practices. And consumable merchandise sales recovered well during the second half of the quarter in line with the decline of COVID-19 infection rates. Let me peel the onion a little bit more for you.  In North America, we believe consumable merchandise sales were impacted by lower patient traffic in January as a result of COVID-19, but we are progressively stronger in February and March. Sales were also impacted by lower sales of Personal Protective Equipment, I'll refer to that and Ron will refer to that as PPE products for the rest of the call. This decline in patient traffic was primarily a result of appointment cancellations, staffing shortages, and some office closures given the spread of COVID. Although we believe patient traffic has now returned to the levels of early December 2021. We are seeing similar trends globally, but obviously,
Operator: Excuse me, just the Operator. Apologize that there will be a slight delay in today's conference. Please hold and conference will resume shortly.
Unidentified Analyst: We are lowering both line's disconnected mainline and the backup. I don't think that's a function of our foundries.
Operator: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Everything disconnected.
Operator: Please proceed.
Stanley Bergman: Just sorry. We had the [Indiscernible] the line disconnected, but let me continue on where we ended. So the decline in patient traffic was primarily the result of the appointment cancellation, strapping shortages, and some office closures given the spread of COVID, although we believe patient traffic has now returned to December 21 level, I think I covered that already, and I think it went through. The global trends are somewhat vary depending on the region of the world. So lower sales of PPE products in the quarter were primarily as a result of lower glove sales. The glove market has been quite volatile for about a year, maybe a little longer, not much longer, 15 months.  We expect glove pricing will be an increasing headwind for a few quarters since pricing peaked in the second quarter of last year. That's 2021. Nevertheless, if you exclude PPE products, North American consumable merchandise, internal sales growth in local currencies was quite solid. Despite the softer stock to the quarter, we gained momentum as the quarter progressed. This was supported by good growth in sales to new DSO accounts. Our North American dental equipment business had very good quarter with strong sales in both traditional and digital categories. Now, particularly in digital restorative restoration equipment, our equipment order book in North America remains strong at the quarter-end, consistent with the backlog at the beginning of the corner. So new orders continue to come in at a very nice rate.  As commented early in the call, we did not see a significant impact from inflation on this quarter's equipment sales due to long lead times for equipment, as we had largely lacked in supplier prices for orders shipped during the quarter. Our equipment results benefited from sales to some of our large DSOs. As we believe that anticipation of further price increases. Also, we believe that anticipation of further price increases is modestly providing some of the elevated demand we see today. It's not a huge impact. [Indiscernible], as some orders coming in from customers who expect pricing to go up and would like to get in the gate before the prices go up. Not a huge impact, but I'll nevertheless, point that out for you.  We continue to experience supply chain issues for traditional equipment, arising from component port shortage delays in office build-outs and reservations, as well as longer lead times with digital imaging technology. This is -- not that the product is not available, it's just taking a little longer on the digital stride to deliver our orders. Having said that, if a practitioner needs anything urgently, we of course, we'll make sure that we supply both traditional equipment and digital imaging. We now expect these equipment delays will continue to be factors through the second half of the year and will provide further support for good equipment sales over the next few quarters. In fact, bottom line is we remain bullish on the equipment market and especially the digital dental equipment product offering.  We expect to continue demonstrating good growth in the digital category, including intraoral scanners. Now, in the last period of time, the impact with digital 3D printing, we're starting to see that flow through as well, net demand to be of interest. We continue to look for innovative ways to add value to our customers. Last month, we hosted thrive lives in Las Vegas. This was a three-day dental educational confidence that it replaces with successful ten clicks business of dentistry conference we have held in years prior to COVID we designed its inaugural event to offer a learning path for every member of the dental office from the front office after the hygiene in the dentist -- including dentist themselves.  So everyone from the staff, [Indiscernible] all the way to [Indiscernible] participating in this conference. And the programs which is designed for the various players in office. We were able to select from over 50 sea credited courses led by more than 40 leading commissions with a strong educational focus on digital technology and practice management solutions that Henry Schein has quite a bit of competency in advising our customers on. The customer feedback we received as the most positive and got advance [Indiscernible] thrive at least from our point of view position us to connect with our customers in deeper ways, and positions our team to help provide greater productivity and provide better clinical care and practices.  Educational top events like this provide great sales opportunities as well. Turning now to the international DEMP to international [Indiscernible] Our international equipment sales were also quite strong for the quarter. Our international consumable sales were impacted by similar trends as North America, including lower PPE and COVID -19 related products sales. And by the decline as patient visits, particularly during the first half of the quarter. That said, compared to North America, the impact of COVID-19 was more pronounced internationally, especially in Europe. So let's peel the onion a bit more in Europe.  Patient traffic picked up at very paces as the quarter progressed and COVID-19 restrictions were relaxed in certain parts of Europe, and we expect these markets to continue to recover. We also expect the Australian market to start to recover having reached the peak, COVID-19 session rate towards the end of the quarter. This should help or cut about similar guys in Europe, straighter in our Billion business are strong throughout first quarter. Balance in China impact our business. Notes are growing Chinese businesses still relatively. It's still a relatively small part of our Global Dental business.  These lockdowns also intensified during our fiscal second quarter. They had little impact in the first quarter. I remind you though, it's we had a nice growing business in China, but it's not material in the relative concept about the relative size of Henry Schein relative to AECOM, our Global consolidated sales. Pertaining to Dental Specialties and Technology and Value-Added Services. sales about Dental Specialty products was solid during the first quarter. Specifically, oral surgery, which consists of dental implants ACE bone regeneration products. In particular sales of by Horizons, Implants grew by double-digit this quarter. Executing well in North America, with these businesses primarily focused and with the markets for restorations continues to be quite strong. Our Camlog and Merck Dentist brands in Europe, primarily in Germany, also had quite a good first quarter for the implants and bone regeneration products in Europe.  We have also had success selling ACE bone regeneration products into the large DSO market. And this is another very good example of the health all in our bold strategy leveraging one Schein strategic priorities. Now, within our endodontics products offering and our businesses also quite solid. We recently launched our age pro laser, which is actually off to quite a successful launch, having been well-received at next week's meeting here in United States. We do believe that Ace Bone is upstanding cleaning, debridement, and disinfection, coupled with greater value compared with competing products. Meanwhile, our priority in the orthodontic business as I reveal clear aligner product line. In March, we completed the U.S. domestic launch of the [Indiscernible] for product next to software, and we are now rolling out the software update globally. Software features, advanced treatment planning and realization tools. Obviously, I think investors are away that orthodontic sales were not great in the first quarter. Because of practices not being at full capacity as a result of COVID.  Overall, our solid position and Dental Specialty products is built upon strong customer offering and our commitment to meaningful, ongoing investments in R&D. If there are questions on that, happy to provide further color during the call. Turning to Technology and Value-Added Service sales, they also increased by double-digits during the first quarter, in both North America and international. We believe Henry Schein One offers one of the broadest product offerings of dental practice management and related software and services, and is the largest contributor sales in the sector of technology and value added services. Growth within Henry Schein One continues to be driven primarily by recovery in patient traffic to dental offices, which generates demand for our revenue cycle management solutions, and also by cloud-based solutions, our cloud-based solutions, that [Indiscernible] flexibility, scalable services to drive practice efficiency, and yes, patient engagement too.  As another example of our commitment to expanding our technology product offering, [Indiscernible] got making our job as analytic software products available to private [Indiscernible] practices, whereas previously, the job's software was available primarily to DSOs, Also within our value-added services business is eAssist business which provides revenue cycle management solutions for insurance reimbursements. We're quite pleased with the integration and performance of this business which we acquired last year. So now turning to our Medical business, where the Global Medical sales were excellent as we achieved further penetration into existing customer accounts. Internal sales growth in local currency, if you exclude PPE and COVID-19 related products, also continued to be strong. The U.S. patient traffic to physician offices and ultimate care sites and that in particular in our cases, the ambulatory surgical centers was up consistently throughout quarter one versus the prior year.  Sales of medical laboratory equipment were up double-digits while demand for non - COVID point-of-care diagnostic test was also quite strong. Sales of PPE products declined by double-digits compared to the strong first quarter last year. As I mentioned earlier, we expect further pricing declines for gloves throughout the rest of the year, it prices to remain above pre -pandemic levels. Sales of COVID-19 tests were extremely strong during January, very strong and declined shortly towards the end of the quarter. The future of these products are difficult to predict as we face the somewhat offsetting forces of new variance spreading rapidly, trading demand, along with increased availability in hotels from the other side and many of which of the paid for by the government in the U.S. So that's a broad overview, now, Ron, will give you more specifics on the financial results for the first quarter? So Ron, there you go. Thank you. And welcome to your first call.
Ronald South: Very good. Thank you, Stanley. And good morning, everyone. So turning now to our record, first-quarter financial results, total net sales for the quarter ended March 26th 2022 were $3.2 billion reflecting growth of 8.7% compared to the prior year period. Internally generated sales were up 7.7% in local currencies. And when excluding sales of PPE and COVID 19 related products, internal growth in local currencies was 8.9%. Formerly mentioned prices for PPE products and specifically gloves increased last year due to market volatility and supply chain disruptions. More recently, prices of these products along with COVID-19 test kits have declined. This pricing volatility combined with a strong Q1 prior year sales comparison is [Indiscernible] a year-over-year decline in sales of PPE and COVID-19 related products.  Detail from sales performance are contained in Exhibit A in our earnings press release issued earlier today. Operating margin for the first quarter of 2022 was 7.7%, representing a decrease of 17 basis points compared to the prior year GAAP operating margin. When compared with prior year Non-GAAP results, operating margin decreased 71 basis points. Operating margin contraction was due to higher operating expenses primarily as a result of increases in payroll commissions in travel and entertainment. Since most of our operations have returned to normal this year. The year-over-year contraction was also due to the unusually high operating margin in the first quarter of last year. Turning to taxes, our effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2022 was an even 24%. This compares with an effective tax rate of 25.1% for the first quarter of 2021 on both a GAAP and a Non-GAAP basis. GAAP net income attributable to Henry Schein for the first quarter of 2022 was $181 million for $1.30 per diluted share.  This compares with prior year GAAP net income of $166 million or a $1.16 per diluted share and prior year non-GAAP net income of a $178 million or $1.24 per diluted share. Amortization from acquired intangible assets for Q1 2022 was $32.2 million pretax or $0.14 per diluted share. This compares with $29.7 million pretax or $0.13 per diluted share in the same period last year. And foreign currency exchange negatively impacted Q1 2022 diluted EPS by approximately $0.01. I'll now provide some detail on our sales results for the first quarter. Global Dental sales of $1.8 billion increased 2.2% compared with the same period last year with internal sales growth of 3.5% in local currencies. Global Dental consumable merchandise internal sales increased 1.3% in local currencies and excluding sales of PPE and COVID-19 related products, internal sales in local currencies increased 4.7%.  Global Dental equipment internal sales growth in local currencies was 11.9%. North America dental internal sales growth in local currencies was 4.8%, which was driven by especially strong performance in equipment, which internally grew 13.2% compared with the prior year period, with strong performance in both traditional and digital categories. This growth also comes off a difficult comp, as Q1 2021 internal equipment sales growth in local currencies was 17.4%. North America dental consumable merchandise internal sales in local currencies increased 2.6% compared with Q1 2021 or 7.3% when excluding sales of PPE and COVID-19 related products. International dental internal sales growth in local currencies was one 1.8% compared with first quarter of 2021, when we had an exceptionally strong sales quarter, with internal sales growth of 17.9% in local currencies.  International dental consumable merchandise internal sales in local currencies decreased 0.5% compared to the first quarter of 2021, an increase of 1.3% when excluding sales of PPE and COVID-19 related products. Sales were impacted by an increase in COVID infections, especially in January and February. This sales growth is also against a difficult comp, as the internal sales growth in the prior year was 19.2% in local currencies. International dental equipment internal sales, growth in local currencies was 10.1%. And this is also against a difficult first quarter of 2021 comp. And such growth was 12.9% in local currencies. Sales of Dental Specialty products were approximately $236 million in the first quarter with internal growth of 7.2% in local currencies compared with Q1 2021 when we had an exceptionally strong sales quarter with internal sales growth of 18.3% in local currencies.  This quarter, growth was strong in our oral surgery category, which consists of implants and bone regeneration products. Technology, and Value-Added Services sales during a $179 million, an increase of 23.4% compared to the prior year. Included internal growth of 11.1% in local currencies. In North America, technology and value-added services internal sales growth was 10.3% in local currency. This growth was driven by our practice management business, the strong growth in Dentrix and Ascend. Our revenue cycle management business also exhibited solid revenue growth. Internationally, Neurology and Value-Added Services, internal sales increased 15.7% in local currencies compared with the prior year. This growth was driven by a strong performance in the UK, which benefited from a favorable comparison to the prior year when the lockdown was just beginning to ease.  During Q1, our technology and value-added services businesses, together with our Dental Specialty products, achieved total sales growth of 13.1% and internal sales growth in local currencies and 8.7%. And this total sales growth is in line with our double-digit growth goal for the forward year. Global Medical sales during Q1 was $1.2 billion grew 18.3% compared with the same period of 2021 with internal sales growth of 14.7% in local currencies led by growth in COVID test kits and other point-of-care diagnostics. We sold approximately $250 million in COVID-19 test kits in the first quarter of 2022, including multi-assay flu and COVID-19 combination test kits. This compares with approximately $180 million in test kits in Q1 of 2021, we expect continued volatility in sales of test kits for the remainder of the year. Excluding sales of PPE and COVID-19 related products, Global Medical internal sales in local currencies increased 14.5% compared with Q1 of 2021.  Regarding share repurchases. We did not repurchase any shares of Henry Schein stock during the first quarter, because we had a 10-b, 5-1 plan that did not result in any shares being repurchased during the quarter. We intend to put in place an additional plan that has affected as of tomorrow, May 4th. As of the end of the first quarter, Henry Schein had $200 million authorized and available for future share repurchases. This program remains a core pillar of our balanced capital allocation strategy, which also includes ongoing disciplined investment to support organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow, we have continued to benefit from significant liquidity providing our businesses flexibility and financial stability. Operating cash flow for the first quarter of 2022 of $93 million compared to $63 million for the first quarter of last year.  Turning to 2022 financial guidance. I will conclude my remarks by noting that we are affirming our 2022 full-year GAAP diluted EPS guidance range of $4.75 to $4.91 reflecting growth of 7% to 10% compared to our 2021 GAAP diluted EPS of $4.45 and growth of 5% to 9% compared with our 2021 non-GAAP diluted EPS of $4.52. We expect 2022 full-year sales growth of approximately 5% to 8% over 2021 versus our previously communicated expected sales growth of 6% to 8%. This change primarily reflects the latest foreign exchange rates and a decrease in sales of COVID-19 test kits. As Stanley mentioned earlier, the future demand for test kits is difficult to predict. However, given recent trends, we now estimate sales of COVID-19 test kits to be 15% to 25% lower than 2021, as opposed to the 10% decline we had previously communicated.  We continue to expect full-year 2022 operating margin expansion of 20 basis points to 25 basis points over the 2021 Non-GAAP operating margin and expansion of 39 basis points to 44 basis points over the 2021 GAAP operating margins. Our guidance is for current as well as completed or previously announced acquisitions and does not include the impact of future share repurchases, potential future acquisitions or restructuring expenses, if any. Guidance also assumes that foreign currency exchange rates will remain generally consistent with current levels. That end markets will remain stable and consistent with current market conditions. And if there are no material adverse market changes associated with COVID-19. With that, I will now turn the call back to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much, Ron, unfortunate the beginning part of our call with Graham made his introductory remarks. We're not sort of broadcast to our participants. There was a problem versus Operator and intervention the call got disconnected. I think my remarks and Ron's are fully picked up. Graham. You may want to repeat maybe a remarks, please, Graham. Thank you.
Graham Stanley: Sure. Thank you, Stan. I just like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that's forward-looking. As you know risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission included in the Risk Factors section of those filings. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. So with that, I'll hand the call back to Stanley cause I think everybody heard the rest of the statements at the beginning. Thank you, Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much, Graham. Operator, please refer the questions, open the line for questions. Thank you.
Operator: You're welcome. [Operator Instructions] Please stand by while we compile the Q&A list. We have our first question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson from Baird. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you, guys. Just two quick ones maybe and then I'll get back in queue. Stanley, could you give us any update maybe just on April trends that you're seeing in the specialty dental area, the general dental area and medical? And then Ron, just for you from a guidance standpoint on the 5% to 8% revenue growth, I think a lot of us just look at organic growth for Schein. It tends to be a very consistent metric in your business. Could you just give us how we should be thinking about maybe organic growth given that you do a lot of acquisitions and currency obviously is a big impact this year. Thanks, guys.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, John. Drip, I mean, thank you. Equipment sales remained strong in April with internal sales growth double-digit numbers. As we indicated, we expect list at this moment, equipment sales remain strong for the balance of the year. Now, in North America with particularly encouraged by the sales in April. How about PPE sales we're lower than prior year due to the lower price of gloves. The brushing clubs has had quite a bit of an effect. Therefore, while the line growth is good, XPP&E and the general PPE excluding grabs pretty good. Overall, therefore, merchandise, internal sales growth in local currencies. So if you take out the PPE is okay, it's pretty good.  Now, international -- so that was about North America. If you look at our international components. Again, PPE is having quite a bit of an impact in particular loans. But we're quite encouraged because from a European point of view, most of the markets now are back in full swing in this major markets that we're in. Also, Australia reached the peak towards the end of the quarter, last quarter and they're back in business again. We'll continue the nice growth we've experienced in Australia for a while. For whatever reason, Brazil continues to be very good, doesn't seem to have been impacted at all in the first quarter and continues to be strong in April. Now, we've seen quite a bit of disruption as you could tell from new [Indiscernible] of course, particularly in Shanghai.  But I think now other parts of the country, even Beijing or the other because of total lockdown. Our China sales are impacted in April. Having said that, please remember, China is relatively immaterial in the context of our 12.5 or so billion-dollar business. And on medical, very similar results primarily here in North America. Our medical businesses continue to have very, very good growth, non - COVID, non -- that's not COVID -related products, excluding diagnostics and the PP&E. So Ron, will you provide certain for the color on the -- what you took in accounts in coming up with guidance?
Ronald South: So Jeff, if you recall, our original sales guidance was 6% to 8% and the components of that included about 0.4 acquisitions and a point for the 53rd week this year. So that left us with about 4% to 6% of internal growth, whether it be the price increases or from increased volumes. I think we were taking down the sales growth of 5% to 8% and that extra point we're taking off the floor. There is really a combination of what we're seeing in trends in the COVID test kits, as we said, for expecting those sales be 15% to 25% lower than last year versus our original guidance of 10% lower and also the FX headwinds. You can kind of do that math and say, the internal number, now be something that's closer to say 3.5% to 5.5% or 6% in terms of the internal number that we're still aiming for for this year. I don't know. Hopefully that acceptably.
Jeff Johnson: It does. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar from Piper Sandler. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jason Bednar: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple from us, just actually wanted to first come back on the top line guide their point there. Just to confirm, coming to the bottom end of that guide, coming 100 basis points lower, so now [Indiscernible] reported for the year, it looks like 50 basis points of that is COVID test kits. Just to confirm that the balance of that is just [Indiscernible]. I guess -- are there any other good guys or bad guys within that revenue guidance that we should be considering, whether it's glove pricing or anything else that's playing out here just as we, as we think through some of those mechanics.
Stanley Bergman: But I'd say your estimate on the COVID test kits to the FX are pretty reasonable. And that's really -- those are really the components. There's not offsetting items that were [Indiscernible]
Jason Bednar: Okay. All right. Perfect. And then just thinking through how the first quarter played out. Your earnings came in significantly better than how you were communicated it back in February. I think the original guide was for earnings to be slightly lower on a year-over-year basis. Can you talk about where the outperformance came versus expectations? Was it a quicker recovery in the top line and like in core trends in dental and medical, better expense control? Where you've got -- you beat the street by over a dime. So I guess where did that outperformance come from in your eyes?
Ronald South: I think a couple of areas. In a COVID test kits the $250 million in the quarter, and while we're taking down the full year on COVID test kits, I don't think we didn't expect to do quite that well in the first quarter with a test kits sales. I think also, we're really happy with our gross margins in the dental business. In spite of some of the pressure we're feeling on gloves, we still did fairly good on the margins there. And then of course the equipment. The equipment came in much better than what we had originally expected. And as we said on the call, we remain bullish on equipment. So I think all those things when combined, guide us to a good place on the quarter. There's other things I would acknowledge that we did well on effective tax rate, we did well in a few other areas, but I think that between the good margins that we experienced in dental, not just in gloves, but in non-PPE sales as well, helped us out for the first quarter.
Jeff Johnson: All right, very helpful. Thanks, Ron.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Lin, from William Blair. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Justin Lin: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. First of all, can you talk about your dental market spending growth outlook for 2022 and beyond? Do you think the elevated spending per visit levels from 2021 can persist or are you seeing a decline already?
Stanley Bergman: I think generally strong, a visit to dentist point-of-view, taking into account COVID -impacted locations. I think generally, we're in positive territory from visits dentist, from what we can tell, the higher end procedures remained quite strong with some specialty products at the high end, sleep quite. The strong at the moment, we're more respect to where we were in December of 202’1 posts. You never know where this variant is going to have an impact. Right now, though we did have pretty bad January from a business point of view, and February, March started getting better April looking okay. I think [Indiscernible] to stable leading pasture.
Jason Bednar: Got it. Thank you. And the line was a big surprise last week, and I -- just wondering, any visibility on your end regarding the declining consumer sentiment that some of these companies are seeing, maybe especially around your -- I know it's a small part still, but your reveal clear line of business?
Graham Stanley: I would reveal a line of business is relatively small and growth is impacted by new accounts, particularly some DSOs that have not taken on the [Indiscernible] line. I don't think our sales are much of an indication. Although obviously, in the first part of the first quarter, visits or elective procedures were down. It came back again. But I'm not sure we're the right party to give you an indication of the market in general. Suffices to say, we remain quite bullish for our reveal line. Having said that, it's a very small business, relatively small business compared to the market.
Jason Bednar: Okay. That's fair. Thank you very much.
Graham Stanley: Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question. I was wondering if you could provide some additional detail on the North American medical account penetration. Was that broadly expanding your range of products into certain clients? Was that of share gain wins versus peers? Any additional details there you can provide would be super helpful.
Stanley Bergman: Our medical business focuses on the ultimate key areas, mostly physician offices. With our independent or part of a group or in fact, a large part of it is with the medical practices are owned by IDNs. We also have businesses that focus on the government. And we have businesses that focus on smaller ambulatory surgical centers. And we have businesses that focus on provide us such as renal treatment centers and cancer centers. That's -- we do not serve as the long-term care in a way, nor the acute care area, and obviously not the drugstore. So that's really our business. And the net area, we have been gaining market share for a decade.  Just very good execution. I would say that all this continues to point to gain market share. Obviously the PPE and the tests the spot numbers sometimes magnified and sometimes you reduce our underlying business performance. But essentially within that particular part that I described, we continue to gain market share. We do add some new products, but we should contribute. I would say, including better way we entered the homecare space in small way and would expand that. But I'm not sure if that contributed at all to the internal growth as miss the acquisition growth. So overall, the business is just gaining market share.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. That's very helpful. And Ron, maybe one for you as we think about the cadence of opex spend going forward for the rest of the year, can you help us think through the [Indiscernible] takes as increase in wages and some of the other labor type cost that you called out versus some of the ongoing impacts of the cost cutting plans that you guys have put into place?
Ronald South: Yeah. We're dealing with wage inflation, like everybody is right. And our normal cadence of salary increases as the company goes into effect people one, so we will see an increase in payroll costs going forward. That is taken into consideration when we talk about operating expenses and our plant operating expense, expansion for the margin expansion.
Stanley Bergman: Unfortunately, we had a putting space, a straight surcharge. We've done this in the past to deal with increased costs. Utilities. Generally, customers average shifted that as the requirements.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. Okay, thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Nathan Rich from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please. Go ahead.
Nathan Rich: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the questions. I'll ask them both upfront. I guess, maybe on the dental equipment business, it seems like you're seeing longer lead times and you expect those kind of delays to continue through the second half of the year, but you had a strong first quarter from a revenue standpoint and it doesn't sound like the outlook for dental equipment, at least on the revenue side has changed this year. Can you maybe just talk about how you've been able to work through the supply issues, and also where you're still seeing, just in terms of demand for CapEx from practices?  And then just a quick follow-up for Ron. It looks like the seasonality of earnings this year is a little bit different than what you've seen historically. And so I guess should we think about kind of earnings towards the back half of the year as closer to what the go-forward run rate of the business will be, one PPE normalizes some of these equipment supply issues resolve. It will just be helpful to get your color on what the back half of the year means for the longer-term go-forward. Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: Yeah. Two very good questions. First of all, the demand for dental equipment, both traditional and digital, has been quite strong, actually since around the early part of the time we -- practices went back after COVID. So I guess from the second quarter of -- third quarter, post third quarter of 2020. It's been pretty well. Demand is there. There's one particular challenge, and that is on the chairs, units, and lines, that part of traditional business. We had a big supplier exit the markets. And the other two major suppliers plus three or four other smaller ones, have had challenge keeping up with our demand because we were a big customer of the business that closed down on the chairs, units, and lines side of the business. The capacity has increased. We certainly can provide equipment, traditional equipment to any customer urgency needs it. Having said that, demand continues to grow, supply increases, but it's still a bit of an imbalance. And we don't see at the moment the time when the demand for traditional equipment will significantly reduce status view as of this very moment. On the digital side, demand continues to grow.  Digital dentistry is growing rapidly. We have a number of suppliers providing us with products. They all to one extent to another had some challenges in providing satisfying demand, though, some fall is challenged than others. And the demand is doing -- and we continue to sell a lot with [Indiscernible] buildup in the backlog in that regard, there it's related to the suppliers having thoughts, chips, challenges. So the market is stable. There is a problem, is satisfying all about purchase orders. And the demand is good so dentists are investing the practices I might add the same is on the medical side. So practitioners are generally investing in the practices we have a good selection in good manufacturer support and equivalent business both in dental, medical, domestic, and globally is quite strong.  And regarding your question on seasonality, I will say it's a very good question and it's a very difficult question to answer. You're right. Historically, there were some seasonal trends, they were somewhat nuanced, but they were some seasonal trends to our business and I think as we went into the pandemic and are coming out of the pandemic a lot of that has -- that dynamic has changed. And I think that there's -- there are so many different factors, whether they be covid test kit, pricing of PPE, demand for PPE. The days are kind of predicting increased sales in the fourth quarter for equipment, tax incentive, equipment purchasing are difficult now. I think it's admittedly our sales -- our earnings are probably going to be a little choppier than they have been historically. And that's really just driven by the dynamics of the markets in which we're operating right now.
Nathan Rich: Thanks very much.
Operator: We have time for one last question coming from the line of Mike Miksic from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Justin Wang: Hello. This is Justin Wang stepping in for Mike. Thank you so much for the question. We were wondering if you could provide any color on implant trends in the U.S. as well as OUS and how you've seen these carry into April, as well as your expectations for Q2. Thank you very much.
Stanley Bergman: This implant trends continue to be quite strong. As I noted, the Hyatt end of industry seems to be doing quite well. Our strengths of close is in North America and Europe course we have a presence in Asia, but we're not as large in those markets. On a global basis, the Asian markets and some of developing world markets are growing at a faster rate than the pin, with particularly strong in Germany, The U.S. market. In the markets we're in. I think we're doing a pay for these. We are gaining market share from a global point of view, there are other markets that are growing faster that we're not really in and imagine those other markets will have a setback because of sales in China and Russia and Eastern Europe.  Overall, I think from our point view, the market's are continued to be quite good, and we continue to gain market share with a number of very important introductions products in the specialty areas, implants with bone generally that we liked regeneration and of course to moving. Thank you. So -- Unfortunately, we have to end the call. We are few minutes over, but we have this interruption. It was beyond under control. Thank you, everyone for the interest. We changed the format. And if you have feedback a little bit on the format or on the press release, hopefully it's more concise, satisfied our investor needs, but we will very much would appreciate any input from our investors. As you can tell, we remain bullish about the business. We're quite happy with our 2022 to 2024 strategic plan. We're making very good progress. We have an outstanding management team behind the plan. And generally think our both +1 strategy will increase shareholder value and nice consistently as we've done for the past 100 + quarters as a public company. Thank you for your interest and feel free to reach out to Graham or to Ron and look forward to seeing people at the -- speaking to people at the future conferences next month ahead. And have a great summer. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-15 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Henry Schein Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Graham Stanley, Henry Schein’s Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Financial Project Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Graham Stanley: Thank you, operator and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein’s results for the 2021 fourth quarter and full year. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Ron South, Vice President, Corporate Finance and Chief Accounting Officer and who will be assuming Steve’s responsibilities as Chief Financial Officer at the end of April. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company’s performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the Risk Factors section of those filings. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share are based upon the company’s internal analysis and estimates. Our conference call remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures can be found in the Supplemental Information section of our Investor Relations website and in Exhibit B of today’s press release, which is also available in the Investor Relations section of our website. Lastly, the content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, February 15, 2022. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Please limit yourself to single question and the follow-up during Q&A to allow as many listeners as possible to answer questions within the 1 hour we have allotted for this call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Graham. Good morning, everyone and of course, thank you for all joining us. Let me take this opportunity to thank Team Schein for the team’s extraordinary effort over the past 2 years. Despite the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic, we are pleased to report excellent full year 2021 financial results, including an outstanding fourth quarter that exceeded our expectations. Our fourth quarter results were driven by strong internal sales growth in local currencies of 6.3%, when excluding sales of personal protection equipment or PPE and COVID-19 related products as well as prior year sales to Covetrus under the transition agreement and acquisition growth of 4.3%, while also reporting operating margin expansion of 30 basis points. So, we are pleased with our sales results and we are pleased with our operating margin expansion. We have updated our 2022 financial guidance based on this latest view of our businesses. Steven will provide additional details on that topic in a moment. We have also completed a strategic review recently of our businesses and we are excited to recently present an updated 2022 to 2024 strategic plan to our board. We update our strategic plan generally every 3 years. The 2022 to 2024 strategic plan was very well received by our board. The updated guidance reflects the execution of two key strategic priorities contained in the strategic plan: first, continuous operational improvement in our distribution businesses, leading to exceptional customer experience and profit improvement. This was complemented by increasing the overall contribution of our technology and value-added services businesses and our Dental Specialty products, which have higher sales growth and higher operating margins. So, specifically, our technology and value-added services businesses and our dental specialties products businesses, together for the full year of 2021, achieved internal local currency sales growth of over 21%, combined with operating margin of 20%. Together, these products and services represented, in 2021, 13% of our global revenue and about 36% of our full year operating income, with combined sales – with a combined sales run-rate of over $1.7 billion and growing at low double-digits. Before I return the call over to Steven – before I turn over the call actually to Steven, I would like to comment on an announcement that we made in early last month. For the past 35 years, it has been my privilege to work alongside Steve Paladino. Steve joined the Henry Schein finance department in 1987 when the business was approximately $125 million in revenue and has served as our CFO for the past 20 years. Steve has been a remarkable leader during the pre-IPO period, the period leading to the IPO, the IPO and in the 27 years since. Steve led in a consistent and most credible way, balancing the needs of our constituents and resulting in 13% compound annual growth in stock price since the IPO’s post spin-off of Covetrus. In early January, we announced Steve’s planned retirement from Henry Schein, which will be effective as of April 29. Of course, it’s bittersweet to bid farewell to a colleague who has worked right down the hall for 3.5 decades. However, Steve will remain a member of our Board of Directors and will come an adviser to Henry Schein. All of us at Henry Schein wish Steve the best in his well-deserved retirement. But he is still going to be part of the company. We have a deep bench strength in our management team across the company. And as Graham mentioned, on the finance side, Ron will be assuming Steve’s responsibility as our new CFO. Ron has been our Vice President of Corporate Finance since 2008 and our Chief Accounting Officer since 2013. Ron will be supported by Olga Timoshkina, who will be assuming the role of Chief Accounting Officer. Olga joined Henry Schein in September from EY, where she was a partner in Accounting Advisory Services and has a deep technical accounting knowledge. We actually worked with Olga before when she was at EY. Ron and Olga are complemented by Graham, who has been with the company for almost two decades, having rotated through most of our businesses as the business Chief Financial Officer. And of course, the rest of our outstanding finance team will continue to provide outstanding services. We are confident there will be a smooth transition from Steve to Ron. Ron is joining us on today’s call. With that, I will turn the call over to Steve to review our financial results and discuss our 2022 financial guidance. Please, Steven, and thank you again for all you’ve done for the company, for all our team and for our shareholders. Thank you.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you very much, Stanley. Thank you for those kind words and good morning to everyone. Before I review our financial results, as this will be my last of more than 100 quarterly conference calls as CFO, I’d like to acknowledge the relationships I have built with so many of you in the investment community, our investors and analysts. I would also like to express my deep appreciation to the finance team here at Henry Schein and other colleagues with whom I have worked closely with over the years. While I’m looking forward to life’s next chapter, it’s those relationships that I will remember most. I thank you for those memories and for your friendships. Now, turning to our review of financial results, I’d like to point out that I will be discussing our results from continuing operations as reported on a GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis. Our fourth quarter non-GAAP results for 2021 and 2020 exclude certain items that are detailed in Exhibit B of today’s press release as well as in the Supplemental Information section of our Investor Relations website. Turning to our financial results, total net sales for the quarter ended December 25, 2021, were $3.3 billion, reflecting growth of 5.2% compared with the prior year. Internally generated sales were up 1.4% in local currencies, acquisition growth was 4.3% and foreign exchange impacted sales growth by minus 0.5%. Excluding sales of personal protective equipment, or PPE, and COVID-19-related products as well as prior year sales to Covetrus under the transitional services agreement, our internal growth in local currencies was 6.3%. As you may recall, in 2020, prices for PPE products and specifically, gloves, increased due to some increased due to some supply chain disruptions that we experienced. However, prices of those products along with COVID-19 test kits have since declined, and this pricing volatility is driving the negative year-over-year sales growth in PPE and COVID-related products. You could look at the details of our sales performance contained in Exhibit A of our press release that was issued earlier today. On a GAAP basis, operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2021 was 6.02%, representing an increase of 30 basis points compared with the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, operating margin of 6.16% for the fourth quarter of 2021 also expanded 30 basis points compared with the prior year. Operating margin expansion was driven by increased profitability in our Dental Specialty products and technology businesses as well as lower inventory adjustments and improved customer supplier rebates – sorry, improved supplier rebates. Turning to taxes, our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2021 was 22.5%. This compares with 17.3% GAAP effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2020. On a non-GAAP basis, our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2020 was 22.5% compared with 17.5% for the quarter last year. The lower effective tax rate for the fourth quarter last year in 2020 was favorably impacted by income tax resolution, both in the U.S. and internationally. Moving on, GAAP net income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein for the fourth quarter of 2021 was $147.2 million or $1.05 per diluted share. This compares with the prior year GAAP net income from continuing operations of $141.9 million or $0.99 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, net income from continuing operations for the fourth quarter of 2021 was $150.7 million or $1.07 per diluted share, and this compares with the non-GAAP net income from continuing operations of $143.6 million or $1 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2020. Our amortization from acquired intangible assets for Q4 ‘21 – Q4 2021 was $32.6 million pretax or $0.15 per diluted share. This compares with $25.3 million pretax or $0.11 per diluted share for the same period last year, and that excluded a non-cash intangible asset impairment charge that was $18.1 million. For the full year 2021, amortization from acquired intangible assets was $122.9 million pretax or $0.54 per diluted share, and this compares with the prior year, that was $102.1 million pretax or $0.46 per diluted share. That also excluded the combined non-cash asset impairment charges in Q1 and Q4 of the prior year of $20.3 million. I’ll note that foreign currency exchange positively impacted our Q4 2021 diluted EPS by approximately $0.005. Let’s now look at some of the details of our sales results for the fourth quarter, starting with Global Dental, which had sales of $2 billion and increased 9.4% compared with the same period last year, with internal sales growth of 6.4% in local currencies. Global Dental consumable merchandise internal sales increased 6.6% in local currencies in the fourth quarter of 2021 compared with the prior year. Excluding sales of PPE and COVID-19-related products, internal sales growth in local currencies increased 7.4%. Our North American dental internal sales growth in local currencies was 9.3% compared with Q4 of last year and was driven by solid growth, both in our consumable merchandise as well as our equipment product categories. Our North American dental consumable merchandise internal sales in local currencies increased 10.3% compared with Q4 of 2020 or 10.1%, again, when excluding sales of PPE and COVID-related products. North American dental equipment internal sales growth in local currencies was 6.6% compared with Q4 of 2020. We had strong growth in our high-tech product offering, specifically CAD/CAM in the U.S., which received a boost from the DS World event, which we saw modest growth in traditional equipment also, which remains impacted – the traditional equipment remains impacted by manufacturing and office construction delays. International dental internal sales growth in local currencies was 2.5% compared with Q4 2020. And we had really strong sales growth in the prior period with sales growth of 14.2% in Q4 2020 in local currencies. International dental consumable merchandise internal sales in local currencies increased 1.9% compared with Q4 of 2020 or 4%, excluding sales of PPE and COVID-related products. Again, as a reminder, Q4 2020, the prior year international dental consumable merchandise sales growth was quite strong at 16.7% in local currencies. International dental equipment internal sales growth in local currencies was 4.2%, and that is also against a bit of a difficult comp in the prior year when the growth was 6.8%. If we look at our Dental Specialty products, sales of Dental Specialty products were approximately $244.8 million in the fourth quarter with internal growth of 15.1% in local currencies compared with the prior year. Growth was strong in each of our Dental Specialty categories, including oral surgery, which consists of implants and bone regen products as well as endodontic and orthodontic products, with all 3 categories performing well globally. For the full year 2021, our Dental Specialty products were $928.6 million with growth of 27.2% in local currencies over the prior year and contributed $186.3 million to our operating income. Turning to Global Medical, our Global Medical sales during Q4 of $1.1 billion was a decline of 3.2% compared with the same period in 2020, and internal sales growth in local currencies declined 7.1%. Internal sales growth declined in North America 6.6% and international sales declined also at 24% year-over-year. The medical sales decline was driven primarily by lower sales of PPE and COVID-related products, mainly COVID test kits. If we exclude the sales of the PPE and COVID test kits, our Global Medical internal sales growth in local currencies increased 3.6% compared with Q4 of 2020. I’ll also note we sold approximately $185 million of COVID test kits in the fourth quarter of 2021. That includes about $40 million in multi-assay flu and COVID-19 combination test kits, and this compares with approximately $270 million in test kits that were sold in Q4 of 2020. We expect continued volatility in sales of test kits in the upcoming quarters. Now turning to Technology and Value-Added Services sales, during Q4, were $177.2 million, an increase of 27.8% compared with the prior year, and that includes internal growth in local currencies of 13.4%. North American Technology and Value-Added Services internal sales growth was 12.6%. That growth was primarily driven by our revenue cycle and claims management revenue products. Internationally, the Tech and Value-Added Service internal sales increased 17.8% compared with the prior year. And this growth was driven primarily by strong sales in EMEA, including sales growth in the UK, which benefited from a favorable comparison due to last year’s prior year lockdown. For the full year 2021, Technology and Value-Added Services sales was $640.9 million, an increase of 24.6% compared with the prior year and included internal growth of 13% in local currencies and had operating income of $125.6 million. We continue to repurchase common stock in the open market during the fourth quarter, buying approximately 2 million shares at an average price of $75.50 per share for a total of $150 million. The impact of this repurchase on our fourth quarter diluted EPS was immaterial. For the full year, we spent $400 million to repurchase 5.5 million shares of our stock. And I’ll note at the year-end, Henry Schein had approximately $200 million available for future stock repurchases. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow, we e continue to have access to significant liquidity, providing flexibility and financial stability. Our operating cash flow from continuing operations for the fourth quarter of 2021 was $276.6 million. That compared to $345.1 million for the fourth quarter of last year. And this decrease in operating cash flow was attributable primarily to increased inventory including COVID test kits, year-end investment inventory and reserve stock due to delayed lead times from manufacturers. For the full year, our operating cash flow from continuing operations was $709.6 million and that compares to $593.5 million in 2021 – in 2020, sorry. I will conclude my remarks by noting that we are updating our 2022 EPS guidance. The guidance is for GAAP EPS only. We are not providing non-GAAP EPS guidance for 2022 as we do not currently anticipating using non-GAAP financial measures for the year, although this decision could change in the future. For 2022, we expect EPS attributable to Henry Schein will be in a range of $4.75 to $4.91, reflecting growth of 7% to 10% compared with our 2021 GAAP diluted EPS of $4.45 and growth of 5% to 9% when compared with our 2021 non-GAAP diluted EPS of $4.52. Our guidance for 2022 has a number of key assumptions. I’ll review some of those. 2022 assumes that our total sales growth will be somewhere in the range of approximately 6% to 8% over 2021. That includes sales of COVID tests declining approximately 10% from 2021 levels that were approximately $650 million. I’ll also note that 2022 includes one extra selling week compared with 2021. This is our 53rd week year, and that occurs in the fourth quarter of 2022. For 2022, we are also expecting to achieve operating margin expansion. Our guidance assumes a range of 20 to 25 basis points over the 2021 non-GAAP operating margin of 7.06% and operating margin expansion of 39 to 44 basis points over the 2021 GAAP operating margin of 6.87%. Lastly, we expect the effective tax rate to stay in the 24% range and, of course, that assumes no significant changes in tax legislation. Our guidance for 2022 diluted EPS is for continuing operations as well as completed or previously announced acquisitions but does not include the impact of future share repurchases, future acquisitions or restructuring expenses, if any. Our guidance also assumes that foreign currency exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels, that end markets remain stable and are consistent with current market conditions and there is really no material adverse market changes associated with COVID-19. Last, I’d like to note that we anticipate our first quarter EPS first quarter of 2022 will be slightly lower to flat compared with the first quarter of 2021 non-GAAP EPS. This is due to really a very strong prior year and a difficult prior year comparison that we’re seeing in Q1. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Ron South.
Ron South: Thank you, Steve, and it’s great to be speaking with all of you this morning. I’m honored and excited to be stepping into the role of Henry Schein’s CFO. I have worked closely with Steve for more than a dozen years, and I’m looking forward to working with Olga, Graham and the entire Henry Schein global finance team. To underscore what Stanley said, I expect a smooth transition into my new position. Steve has been a tremendous steward of Henry Schein’s finances during several decades of impressive growth and expansion. I look forward to continuing his legacy of transparency, coupled with fiscal responsibility. You’ll be hearing more from me when we report our Q1 financial results in early May. But in the meantime, it’s great to be joining the team on today’s call. Now I’d like to turn the call back to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Ron. Congratulations on your well-deserved promotion. You are truly respected by our entire management team at Henry Schein, and thank you for your service. Of course, I thank Graham as well for his new role and for his service and, in fact, the entire finance team. In September of 2021, we announced a new leadership structure associated with what we internally refer to as One Distribution. Our One Distribution strategy contemplates a North American dental and medical distribution leadership under the leadership of Brad Connett, a 25-year veteran of Henry Schein. Our international distribution businesses are being led correspondingly by Andrea Albertini, an exceptional healthcare executive who joined our team 9 years ago. As noted earlier, One Distribution is part of Henry Schein’s commitment to continuous operational improvement in our distribution businesses, leading to exceptional customer experience – building on our exceptional customer experience and, of course, profit improvement. Turning now to our most recent accomplishments in our distribution businesses, let me start with Dental. Fourth quarter Dental revenue growth was solid. In North America, we are especially pleased with the growth in dental consumable merchandise sales with strong internal growth in local currencies with and without sales of PPE and COVID-19-related products. The growth reflects the impact of some modest price increases as well as the contribution from two large DSO contracts awarded in 2021. We expect additional price increases from suppliers to be made by the end of the first quarter, which unfortunately, we’re having to pass on to our customers. And there may be more throughout the year. Patient traffic held quite well in December. However, we believe there was a decline in January resulting from higher patient appointment cancellations and dental staff shortages due to absenteeism. We consider our Dentrix insurance claims data as a good proxy for U.S. patient traffic. And in January, we saw a modest decline compared to 2021. This is consistent with our January average sales volumes. Our view is that while there may be some postponed office visits as a result of the Omicron variant, we expect the market to be stable. Any impact is likely to be temporary in our view, and that most canceled appointments will be rescheduled. We have factored these movements into our financial guidance. And the first couple of weeks of February have shown that there is resiliency in the dental market in the United States. Of course, the international market is a little bit varied but generally quite consistent with the trends we’ve experienced in North America. We have experienced some supply chain disruption to our merchandise business, like everyone. And while we may not always have every brand in every size for all products, we generally have substitutes available. We have increased our safety stock for some items, and we are leveraging our global supply chain partners to mitigate delays and expedite our shipments where possible. We have very good logistics partners as well, I might add. During the fourth quarter, we continued to experience some delivery and installation delays in the U.S. traditional dental equipment business as we had expected. These are caused by a combination of component shortages and construction delays, component shortages with our suppliers and construction delays, which we expect to continue through the second half of this year. We also experienced, for the first time, some modest delays in the delivery of digital imaging units, which we expect to last a quarter or so. Sales of intra-oral scan equipment, was particularly strong again this quarter. In the fourth quarter, we had a bit of a tailwind from the DS World, positive support from that meeting, as we discussed during our last call. We remain bullish on the equipment market, especially about the future of digital dentistry as we believe the market remains under-penetrated. We expect to continue to see good growth in the digital category, including digital imaging, intraoral scanners and digital 3D printing, offset in part by what we believe may be lower ASPs for the new products – with some new products. In our international dental business, in the fourth quarter, we had very good strong – very strong sales growth in the UK, driven by recovery from last year and, in Brazil, where we have seen some accelerated consolidation within the dental distribution industry as well as good growth in Italy, Spain, Eastern Europe and Australia. Our global equipment businesses are performing very well overall as we believe dental offices continue to invest in their businesses. And we have expanded our Brazilian equipment business as well. At this time, we have a strong underlying global equipment order book, and that is throughout our business domestically and globally. Now turning to our Medical business, we have continued to gain new customers while achieving deeper penetration among existing accounts. Internal sales in local currencies for the fourth quarter declined against a tough prior year comparison that is extremely strong because of PP&E and COVID-19-related products. Yet as Steven mentioned, when normalizing for sales of these products, growth was a solid 3.6%. Patient traffic to physician offices and alternate care sites were all positive during the fourth quarter. While early in the quarter, patient traffic was generally improving and trending towards more normalized levels, late in the fourth quarter, we saw patients deferring some elective procedures, which we believe will be temporary. We expect demand for COVID-19-related testing products will continue to be choppy as the Omicron variant runs its course. We are currently seeing a surge in demand for COVID-19 testing. However, there are also production challenges and some suppliers – with some suppliers, leading to some rationing. However, demand is good and we have product. In addition, we expect pricing for COVID-19 tests, as Steven noted, to remain volatile. We are optimistic about the future, in fact, I would say, highly optimistic about the future of our medical group as procedures continue to migrate to the alternate care setting and as the current COVID wave continues to decline. We believe the use of PPE products for both dental and medical practitioners will remain at elevated levels for the foreseeable future, with glove pricing to continue to decline modestly. These factors are all reflected in our financial guidance. Now turning to our Dental Specialties and Technology and Value-Added Services product offerings, we are really excited about these various businesses and product offerings. As mentioned earlier, sales of our dental specialties products performed extremely well during 2021. Under the seasoned leadership of René Willi, Chief Executive Officer of our Global Oral Reconstruction Group which includes oral surgery products; and David Brous, Chief Executive Officer of our Strategic Business Groups. David is also, by the way, a partner to Andrea Albertini in our international distribution businesses. And David’s businesses include endodontics, orthodontics and other specialty products and services. David had previously led our M&A function as well as a number of businesses, both domestically and internationally. Our solid position in the oral surgery market consisting of implants and bone regeneration products as well as in endodontics and orthodontics products is built on a strong customer offering in our specialties. We believe it’s a deep offering and a commitment – actually, it’s a continued commitment to invest in research and development. Our growth is fueled by new product launches and the strengthening of the market for [indiscernible] dental solutions. Turning to our Dental Technology and Value-Added Services business, Henry Schein One, the largest contributor to sales in the segment, once again posted record high quarterly revenue. Growth within Henry Schein One continues to be driven primarily by recovery in patient traffic to dental offices, which generates demand for our revenue cycle management solutions plus new products. And we have also been adding new talent to the Henry Schein One team, including Mike Baird as the CEO of this business who joined us about 1.5 years ago to lead Henry Schein One. And Mike has a deep background in technology. We continue to focus on the migration to the cloud and on cloud-based solutions to create flexible, scalable services to drive practice efficiency and patient engagement and moving to a SaaS model, as we’ve discussed in the past, resulting in more stable recurring revenue and those streams are, of course, welcome. We are seeing good growth in both the Ascend and Dentally the cloud-based practice management system, which now have more than 4,000 customers globally. And we believe we have the largest installed base of cloud-based systems, which we continue to expect to grow in the dental arena. We are also executing well for our large customers and, most recently, we’re pleased that our partnership with [indiscernible] led to the installation of Dentrix into Brooke Army Medical Center, one of the U.S. Army’s premier medical centers. This is part of a global program with the U.S. military to install our dental software, our Dentrix Software Systems. Henry Schein is also working with several customers to collaborate on building next-generation innovative digital and clinical solutions, the first of several 510 (k) applications to uniquely embed computer vision, AI technology into Henry Schein’s flagship practice management software, Dentrix and Ascend, has been filed with the FDA. These applications will create valuable and powerful workflows, combining practice management software, imaging and AI insights to assist dental professionals in diagnosing dental treatment and automating the construction of appropriate treatment plans. This is very, very exciting. The final topic I’d like to draw the attention of our investors to is our continuous commitment to M&A strategy, led by Mark Mlotek, who has been leading strategy and M&A for Henry Schein for 27 years plus. Mark is our Executive Vice President of – Vice President and Chief Strategic Officer and works and is supported by Scott Saunders, our VP, Global M&A and Business Development, also a long time Henry Schein veteran, and M&A remains an important part of our growth and capital allocation strategy. During 2021, we completed several acquisitions across our business units, representing annualized sales of over $560 million and capital deployment of $570 million. These acquisitions were primarily focused on broadening our technology and value-added solutions, servicing the ambulatory surgery market, expanding our presence in the health market and supporting our brand – owned brand strategy. Of course, we will continue to seek additional investment opportunities in the specialty – product specialty and services areas. With these comments and a review of our fourth quarter and full year financial results, we’d like to open the call to your questions. Operator, please?
Operator: Thank you so much. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matt Miksic from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Matt Miksic: Hi, thanks so much for taking the questions. Congrats on a really strong finish to ‘21. Just a couple of questions, if I could, on first the guidance, if you could talk a little bit about the impact, how to quantify perhaps the impact of the extra week in Q4 as we sort of bake that into the cadence of growth for the year? And then your comments around Q1 in January, it sounds like if you could maybe just run through the sequential commentary that you made one more time, to be clear. It sounded like you were seeing some pressure in January with resilience in February, but then it also seemed like some of that sequential movement was relatively consistent with your historical experience from Q4 to Q1? So may be just a clarification on those two points. Thanks so much.
Stanley Bergman: Sure. And I will ask – thank you for the question. I’ll ask Steven to respond to those. Before I do that, I somehow glossed over. I don’t know why I missed this in the script. But Brad Connett, a 25-year veteran at Henry Schein, runs our North American distribution businesses, that’s dental and medical, all pursuant August 2021 reorganization. I have no idea where I missed that, but good people are checking on what I say. So Steven, please. Hello. Steven?
Steven Paladino: Yes. Sorry, I was on mute and want to – I’m back. So first on the extra week, the extra week is probably one of our slowest weeks of the year because it’s the last week of the year so it’s a holiday week. We generally see a lot of practices and customers even slow that week or close that week. So it’s not a normal week. It’s a very slow week for us. All of that, though, is incorporated into our guidance range of 6% to 8% of sales growth in 2022 over 2021. And remember, that sales growth is all in, so it includes acquisitions that occurred in 2021 that you now have the full year impact of, but it does not include any acquisitions, new acquisitions that we may do in the year. So, it’s baked into that 6% to 8% number. And again, it’s a slow week. On January sales performance, so what we have said and what we believe is that, yes, we did see, first in Q4, we did see some modest impact of the Omicron variant impacting our customers. That continued and probably accelerated slightly into January. We saw more patient appointment cancellations and rescheduling of patients really because even staff of dental practices were impacted by the Omicron and were closed by some absenteeism. But as Stanley said, as we exited January, we started to see a pickup of sales just modestly again. So, we do believe that those sales – that sales impact is temporary caused cancellations of payments, but they will be rescheduled and we are not expecting that to be a long-term negative impact. Similarly, in Medical, we did see some elective procedures canceled in some of our customers in January. But again, we do believe that to be temporary. It’s primarily impacting ambulatory surgery centers. It didn’t have a significant impact on our business, but we also believe that, that will reaccelerate and is a temporary impact. We are trying to be less best thing on sales. We are trying to be a little bit conservative on PPE and test kits. As we said on the prepared remarks, we are assuming approximately 10% lower sales of test kits for the year. And we also have assumptions on PPE with lower average selling prices built in there. So, hopefully, that helps you on some of the sales numbers, Matt.
Matt Miksic: That’s great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson from Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good morning all and Steve, just want to say thanks for all the guidance and insight. I think it’s been almost 20 years you and I have known each other, so that will be missed and congrats on the retirement. Let me ask a two-part question, I guess on gross margin. The first part, just what’s the algorithm for the 20 basis points to 25 basis points of operating margin expansion this year? Is it hold gross margin and leverage operating expense in 2022 and going forward? Can we expect any kind of gross margin improvement off these levels? Just thinking more on the gross line rather than operating margin. Any updates there you can provide?
Steven Paladino: Sure. And thanks for the kind words, Jeff. I have enjoyed building relationship with you and all those difficult questions that you typically ask. So, we do expect in our guidance that we might see a little bit – some modest gross margin expansion over 2021. Again, that’s driven primarily by a shift to higher-margin products, but we don’t expect a major change in gross margin, but either flat to slightly modest increase. And we really do expect that the margin expansion will come from leveraging expenses primarily as well as, again, shifting towards higher-margin products and impacting it on the operating margin side. So, that’s the way we built our budget for 2022.
Jeff Johnson: Yes. Alright. That’s helpful. And then maybe one follow-up just on that margin comment. Can specialty and technology and value-add, can that hold kind of the 20% operating margin leverage going forward? And when I think about double-digit growth for those two businesses, it seems like each year that should throw out kind of 10 basis points to 20 basis points of operating margin improvement right there. So, is the algorithm then kind of hold margin in the rest of the business and get the margin benefit of that mix shift to those higher-margin products? Is that kind of the other way to think about the algorithm? And just again, can those businesses hold that 20% margin? Thanks.
Steven Paladino: Yes. I would say we haven’t given that level of specifics. But remember, we also want to invest in those businesses, so there may be some additional investment. But I would say generally speaking, that the margins should generally hold in both the technology and the dental specialties. Obviously, if we did acquisitions in either of those areas, that could change the mix. But I think it generally should hold – and again, that’s helping on overall margin as those businesses grow faster than the core business.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thanks Jeff.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Rich from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Nathan Rich: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the questions. Maybe just following up on the margin guidance, you talked about the restructuring that you went through last year. Is there a way to quantify the savings that you are expecting to show up this year? And then how should we think about the impact of price increases and inflation both to top line and margins this year?
Steven Paladino: Sure. I will take the last part of your question first since it’s a little bit easier. The inflation really should not have any significant impact on margins, because really, what we are trying to do is maintain margins with the price increases that we have seen and we expect to continue to see. So, there is really not a margin per se opportunity, although there is a gross profit dollar slight opportunity because if the margin – same margin on a slightly higher selling price will add to that. So, I think that, that’s not really driving it. It’s driving dollars, but not margin. And what was the second part of your question, Nathan?
Nathan Rich: Just the savings from the restructuring.
Steven Paladino: Remember, the restructuring that we completed in 2021 really wasn’t all that significant. I am trying to put out a number. For the year, it was $7.9 million. Typically, our restructuring has a 12-month to 18-month payback, so the impact, something less than that $7.9 million. But remember, some of the reasons for doing the restructuring is for us to also free up dollars to continue to invest for our future growth.
Nathan Rich: Okay, makes sense. And then if I could just ask a follow-up. On the two DSO contracts that you referenced, obviously, it seems like you saw a nice contribution in the fourth quarter. I would imagine there is some incremental benefit before those annualize. But could you maybe just talk about sort of the scope of those? And are there any other RFPs or potential contracts that are up for renewal over the upcoming year that we should have in mind? Thank you.
Steven Paladino: Sure, yes. So, the two larger DSO contracts that were awarded during 2021, we now have on-boarded those customers, so those are flowing through our sales numbers in Q4. We still should have an annualized impact in 2022, but much more modest, because we have been seeing a lot of those sales already in 2021. With respect to DSO contracts, we probably always have one or two every year that is coming up for renewal. We don’t have them all a bunch stuffed in one particular year like we did many years ago. We feel very good with our relationships with DSO customers. We feel like we serve them really well. Our pricing is very sharp. So, we feel good about the renewals. But there is always one or two every year.
Nathan Rich: Thank you.
Steven Paladino: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kreger from William Blair. Your line is open.
John Kreger: Hi. Thanks very much. Steve, what I would really like to ask you is for your sort of favorite Schein anecdote, but that’s probably not appropriate for this call. Maybe instead, I wanted to ask about the technology and value-added services. It seems like the growth you reported in the quarter is a lot higher than normal. Can you just talk about what drove that? And what’s the sort of sustainable level of growth you guys are shooting for from that segment?
Steven Paladino: Yes. Again, technology, especially our services that are based on patient traffic, was impacted and was slower to return to pre-COVID level, so we are seeing a nice impact from that. We haven’t really given specific guidance, but certainly, we would like to see that segment be double-digit top line grower and hopefully, slightly greater than that because of margin opportunity. So, we feel good about that business. Now the only thing is I would caution that double-digit sales assumes no major shift to a SaaS model where I think everyone knows that in the SaaS model, you would record revenue every month, so it’s an annuity, which is good for the company. But if you compare it to a non-SaaS model where you have the sales all upfront, it does impact overall sales growth. Should that become material, I am sure we can carve that out for investors. But right now, it’s not that material.
John Kreger: Great. Thank you. And then…
Stanley Bergman: Let me just add a little bit more to that. First of all, my favorite story is when we were on the road with a William Blair salesperson who said, “Stan, you talk too much. Listen to Steven.” So I just want to point out that for the specialty products and technology products, we are investing heavily in R&D in these areas and have good results, whether it’s in the endo, the orthodontic, dental surgery or, in fact, the whole Henry Schein One area. Many, many – if I am looking at a list at Henry Schein One, that’s seven or eight significant new product launches in the last two quarters or so quarters. So, these businesses are going to drive even higher margin in the future. We can’t say exactly when because there is still a lot of investment going on. But they are in driving operating income, but we expect for that to grow over time as this new development, the R&D projects materialize.
John Kreger: Thanks Stan. One quick follow-up, we hear broadly that dentists’ and doctors’ practices are really struggling with staffing themselves. From your perspective, do you guys have an offering maybe within the technology business to sort of help lessen that strain that your customers are facing right now?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Your observation, by the way, is correct. I think it’s particularly acute in the DSO world. I can see light at the end of the tunnel. We have two areas of support for our customers. One is Henry Schein One does help with identifying office managers and helping to train the office managers, etcetera, etcetera. And we do have a staffing business. It’s relatively small, but we are – this is in our services, value-added services business, and we are investing heavily in that area to advance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Jason Bednar: Hi. Good morning. Congrats on a nice finish to the year. And Steve, all the best here, I hope you enjoy your current retirement to its fullest here. You talked about price increases that have already been contemplated, those that are still coming this quarter and maybe even others that you have been citing to later this year. So, I guess I would be curious if these are manufacturers pushing through multiple price increases in the year or if these are just different manufacturers that have some very timing for implementing their price increases. And then just what’s been the response from the dental community? Are your customers pushing back at all in any way? How are those conversations being handled? And are you seeing any substitution or trade down in response to the price increases?
Steven Paladino: Yes, maybe I will kick off. So, I think that the bulk of the price increases that we were expecting have come through already. There may be – there is a few manufacturers who have done more than one price increase, but the bulk have come through. But if inflation continues at this rate, I guess it’s possible that more could come through going forward. From a customer perspective, look, there is always – whenever prices go up, there is always a little bit of pushback, but I think customers understand that we are in a highly inflationary environment. It’s not just us that are raising prices, it’s really across the board. And I think that helps that people have awareness of inflation going on. But there is always a little pushback, but it’s certainly very manageable, and we think that we will be successful in passing through those price increases. Even though it’s unfortunate, we would prefer not to, but we are getting price increases so we just kind of have to pass it through to the end user.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Steven. There is also a little bit of deflation occurring in some of the commodities, obviously in the PP&E area, quite substantial. Some of the other commodities, there is an opportunity to consolidate purchasing power on behalf of our customers, so we are getting support in that area. And also, I would say on – in the digital dentistry area. 3D imaging has come down in pricing and it’s making it more affordable to the general dentist. And the whole scanner world is also coming down in pricing which ultimately, I think, will lead to standard of use. We are not there yet. A lot of practices don’t have it, but I think there is going to be more units going out to general dentists in the scanner world. And we have many, many options, including some of our major suppliers today are advising that they are going to come up with more competitive offerings in future. So, I think it’s not as bad as you read in the newspapers, but we are in an inflationary period for sure, on our payroll as well. And we have to balance all of this to ensure that we do the right thing for all the constituents, including Henry Schein and our investors. And I believe our management team is doing a great job in this area.
Jason Bednar: Alright. Very helpful. And then just as a quick follow-up on capital allocation and really maybe more a question for Ron. Ron, in our conversations, I have gotten the sense that your views are very much aligned with what we have seen from how Henry Schein has operated historically and how Steve’s managed the financials during his tenure. But there is a lot of capacity on the balance sheet. So, I guess it would just be helpful to hear your philosophy regarding leverage and how you see the balance of M&A and share repo moving forward? Thanks.
Ron South: Sure. I mean, it’s kind of every CFO’s challenge to try to find that optimal capital allocation. But I do think that Steve is allowing me to inherit a very strong balance sheet and that give us some flexibility to be opportunistic on M&A going forward. It just has to be the right opportunity. And so in the meantime, we will continue to kind of follow the – what we have done historically with some share buybacks, some reinvestment in the business, but as we see the opportunistic M&A come up, we want to be able to move on it. And we have a balance sheet that gives us a lot of flexibility there.
Jason Bednar: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We have time for one last question coming from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi guys. Thanks so much. And Steve, it’s obviously been great, so congratulations on your retirement. Maybe from a question perspective, one thing that obviously caught my attention was sort of when you were talking about the lower average sales numbers or sales pricing in terms of the equipment side, could you go into a little bit more detail about what’s driving that? Is it sort of a new product suite? Is it people switching from complete chairside solutions to just control scanners? Any additional details there would be super helpful. Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. So, I think on the equipment side, the demand for digital dentistry has created a lot of interesting new products being introduced, an examination by some of the supplier – existing suppliers who are saying, there are markets that we are not penetrating and are advancing ideas in more affordable scanners. At the same time, those that have had 2D imaging machines can now upgrade to 3D at a relatively low price, that sale as a unit. So, you take all of this, the drive towards digital dentistry to some extent, not fully, is similar to what you may have experienced in the calculator or in the PC world, greater demand, more efficiency and movement towards standard of care when it comes to 3D imaging scanners. But I might add right away, and please take into account, the whole area of 3D printing is now emerging and is also becoming much more affordable. So, we expect all of this stuff to balance and result in greater demand and greater sales and profits for the digitalization of dentistry. And for Henry Schein, that ties in, in an interoperable way with Henry Schein One. So, this is all a very exciting period for us. A lot of movement, a lot of excitement and dentists are awakening to the importance of digitalization in dentistry, more to follow. It’s a key component of our strategic plan, but we just don’t have time to talk all – about all of that today.
Elizabeth Anderson: That makes sense. And maybe just as a quick follow-up on the implant side. A number of the major implant manufacturers have announced new products or sort of revamped or future revamps that are coming to their product portfolio. I was just wondering if you could comment on sort of demand in that environment and the relative competitive levels there and sort of pricing as well, if that’s sort of providing a unique opportunity for you.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. On the implants in particular, and of course, we also have a very nice business in bone regenerations. Products and implants, we have a premier lines, a couple of premier lines, namely Camlog and Horizons. We also have Medentis in the discount area, and – I wouldn’t say discount but lower-priced. Our products tend to be more, again, on the premium side, but relatively lower-priced. And Camlog has had significant new product offerings over the years, last year I mean, so the Camlog progressive line has done quite well. The Pro, another area has done well, the Fusion line and the NovaMetrix on the biomaterials side, lots of new developments. We actually believe we have a pretty comprehensive competitive offering in the implant, the oral surgery line. Likewise, I think on the endodontics and orthodontics side. Happy next time we have a call or should you want specific details, happy for you to reach out to our Investor Relations. Unfortunately, we don’t have more time now, but we are very excited about our specialty products and our Henry Schein One and other value-added services.
Elizabeth Anderson: Thanks. That was helpful.
Stanley Bergman: So Graham, I know I can talk for hours, even – not for hours, minutes, lots of information to share. I think we are at the end, right, Graham?
Graham Stanley: Yes. That was our last question so we can conclude now.
Stanley Bergman: Okay. So again, Steven, all the best officially, but we know you will be guiding us for years to come, be involved with our team. Ron views you as a mentor and so do our – all our senior executives value our relationship. And so we will continue the relationship and your advice to Henry Schein’s Board and to our management team. So, thank you for everything. Thank you to all our investors. Sorry, we went over a little bit today. If anybody has any questions, please reach out to Graham, Investor Relations, who can put you in touch with Steven or Ron South. So, thank you all for calling in. We look forward to seeing you – to speaking to you in the early May meeting call. And we will be participating in a few investor conferences coming up. As perhaps you can understand from the tone of this call, we are very, very excited about the company. We are very excited about our ‘22-23 strategic plan and the execution of that. So, thank you all for calling and stay safe.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded.  I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Graham Stanley, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Financial Project Officer. Please go ahead, Graham.
Graham Stanley: Thank you, operator. And my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the 2021 third quarter. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made on this call that incite information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the Risk Factors section of those filings. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal and other fee estimates. Our conference call remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide invested with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financials between periods but certain items may vary independent of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures can be found in the supplemental information section of our Investor Relations website and in Appendix B of today's press release, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website. Lastly, the content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, November 2, 2021. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Please limit yourselves to a single question and a follow up during Q&A to allow as many listeners as possible to ask their question within the 1 hour we have allotted to this call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much, Graham, and congratulations on your appointment as Head of our Investor Relations. And of course, thank you for all you've done for the company over the last dozen plus years. So good morning to everyone, and thank you for joining us. Really, really happy today to report record third quarter financial results, driven by a keen focus on execution by the team. And the team has done a remarkable job since the virus -- the pandemic started back in March of 2020. And of course, there was a steady patient traffic pattern during this quarter, which also contributed to the very good and actually the excellent results. And we have excellent momentum across the entire company. So if we compare the results of sales a year ago, Henry Schein's worldwide internal sales that's in local currencies increased a robust 7.2%. But what's really important, if you exclude the sales of PP&E and COVID-19-related products, results are up 6.3%. That's the internal sales growth in local currencies. We believe that patient traffic was generally similar to the previous quarter for our dental customers, that's in the United States and globally, small adjustments in different parts of the world, but not material. And definitely, the pattern is improving for our medical customers. We mentioned in previous calls that business to physician offices had gone down compared to '19 and definitely in ambulatory surgical centers as well. We see this traffic as increasing again. In mid-September, we announced important changes to our senior distribution business leadership structure. And let me comment on these changes before I review the third quarter performance for each of our business groups or actually Steven will do that first and then I'll provide additional comments later. We have been pursuing an umbrella strategy which we internally refer to as One Distribution as part of the continuous operational improvement of Henry Schein as a company. More tightly the strategy of One Distribution more tightly integrates the management of our distribution businesses globally. Our newly announced structure, which we've been working on for about 18 months, seek to harness the benefits of consolidating the management of Henry Schein Dental and Medical distribution businesses in 2 regions, 2 geographies: North America, and the rest of the world, international. One distribution, will better position our management team to leverage functions, talent, processes, and yes, systems across Henry Schein's global distribution businesses. These changes are designed and expected to accelerate improved efficiency. And of course, that's been a goal of Henry Schein for decades to improve efficiency, but we're really focused on it now more than ever and actually doing a pretty good job at that. But I believe that this new management structure will advance our efficiency as an organization globally, but also -- and quite importantly, the new structure will allow us to enhance the customer experience by operating in a more efficient manner. There's just no question that COVID -- this period, this COVID period has increased customers' expectations on the customer experience, and we are committed to fulfilling those expectations; in fact, exceeding them. Furthermore, these changes recognize the fact that medicine and dentistry are both part of the tariff continuum. And we've been talking about this for years as well, but it's really coming much closer together, the notion that medicine and dentistry are aligned in prevention and wellness. And today, we have a small, but nevertheless, increase in the amount of overlap between the 2 customer sets. We're starting to see practices emerge that are servicing both sides, the industry and medicine. We're starting to see our electronic medical records in dental schools for dentistry and practices starting to connect in an interoperable way with medical records. So this whole notion of the integration of oral care and medicine is advancing, and we are aligned in this whole area of wellness and prevention, which is so important to providing better quality of care at a more competitive price or a lower price so-called value healthcare chain. Now our Software, Specialty Products and Practice Services businesses are also reflective of Henry Schein's longstanding commitment to help customers operate more efficient practices and support clinical care. We are continuing to sharpen our focus on these faster-growing and higher-margin markets through organic growth, and as you'll hear later already through some very interesting strategic acquisitions which we made just this year, and we will add to that. The whole notion that Software, Specialty Products and Practice Service activities, those 3 business areas align with our 1 distribution strategy, different management teams, different focus. The whole idea is to provide better customer service while at the same time driving up our margins -- our operating margins as well. Our customers increasingly rely upon Henry Schein's comprehensive offering of innovative solutions and services, along with our distribution network for their continued success in what is clearly a much more digital world than we went into in March of 2020. We believe we have a most accomplished leader team in place in our businesses across the world, both on the distribution side and in the software Specialty Products and Practice Services businesses side. They're ready to satisfy the needs of our customers, improve the experience, drive down costs and at the same time, therefore, provide an increased operating income and so create shareholder value. With these opening comments, I'd like to hand the call over to Steven discuss our quarterly financial performance and guidance, which we are now providing for the remainder of 2021 and yes, for 2022 as well.  Then I'll provide some additional commentary on the current business conditions and our markets. Steven, please?
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to everyone. As we begin, I'd like to point out that I will be discussing our results from continuing operations as reported on a GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis. Our third quarter non-GAAP results for 2021 and 2020 exclude certain items that are detailed in Exhibit B of today's press release as well as in the Supplemental Information section of our Investor Relations website. Please note that we have, again, included a corporate sales category for Q3 that represents the prior year sales to Covetrus under the transition services agreement, which concluded in the fourth quarter of 2020. While the agreement has ended, these sales are still reflected in the prior year comparative results. Turning now to our financial results. Total net sales for the quarter ended September 25, 2021, with $3.2 billion, reflecting growth of 11.9% compared with the prior year period. Internally generated sales were up 7.2% in local currencies, and you can again see the details of our sales performance in Exhibit A of the earnings press release that was issued earlier this morning. On a GAAP basis, our operating margin for the third quarter of 2021 was 6.63% and that's relatively flat that represents an increase of 2 basis points compared with the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, operating margin of 6.63% for the third quarter of 2021, that represents a decrease of 22 basis points compared with the prior year. Again, a reconciliation of GAAP operating margin to non-GAAP operating margin can be found in the supplemental information page on our website. The year-over-year decline is due to higher expenses this quarter compared with Q3 2020, which reflected temporary expense reduction initiatives we put in place last year in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. This was partially offset by gross margin expansion compared with Q3 2020, mainly as a result of lower inventory adjustments in the current quarter. Turning to our taxes. Our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2021 was 23.9%. This compares with a 16.4% GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2020. On a non-GAAP basis, our effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2021 was also 23.9% and that compared with 16.7% in the third quarter of last year. Remember, our prior year tax rate was favorably impacted by U.S. Federal income tax settlement, which lowered income tax expenses by approximately $15.6 million or $0.11 per diluted share. Again, this is the prior year taxes. Excluding this impact, the effective tax rate last year would have been in the 25% range for both on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. You can also see the reconciliation of GAAP effective tax rate to non-GAAP effective tax rate on the Investor Relations page on our website. We expect our effective tax rate to continue to be in the 25% base range on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis in the fourth quarter. And of course, that assumes no changes in tax legislation. Moving on, GAAP net income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein for the third quarter of 2021 was $162.3 million or $1.15 per diluted share and included a gain on sale of an equity investment of $0.05 per diluted share. This compares with the prior year GAAP net income continued -- GAAP net income from continuing operations of $141.7 million or $0.99 per share. On a non-GAAP basis, net income from continuing operations for the current year was $154.8 million or $1.10 per diluted share, and that compares to net income from continuing operations of $147 million or $1.03 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2020. Amortization from acquired intangible assets for Q3 2021 was $30.5 million pretax or $0.13 per diluted share. This compares with $25.2 million pretax or $0.11 per diluted share for the third quarter of last year. And for the 9 months, our amortization of acquired intangible assets was $90.3 million, pretax or $0.40 per diluted share and this compares with $76.8 million pretax or $0.34 per diluted share for the same period last year. I'll also note that foreign currency exchange positively impact our Q3 2021 diluted EPS by approximately $0.01 per share. Let me now provide some additional detail on our sales results for the third quarter. Our Global Dental sales of $1.8 billion increased 10.5% compared with the same period last year, with internal sales growth of 5.2% in local currencies. Global Dental merchandise internal sales increased by 2.9% in local currencies for the third quarter of 2021 versus the same period last year. And if we were to exclude PPE and COVID-19 related products, internal sales growth in local currencies increased by 4.8%. Our North American dental internal sales growth in local currencies was 4.7% compared with Q3 2020, which is attributable primarily to stable merchandise growth and solid equipment growth. Our North American dental consumable merchandise internal sales in local currencies was 3.9% with Q3 2020 or 5.7% when excluding sales of PPE and COVID-related products. If we look at our North American dental equipment, the internal sales growth in local currencies was 7.8% versus Q3 2020 with growth reflecting strong sales of high-technology equipment and modest growth of traditional equipment sales, which remain impacted by equipment manufacturing and office construction delays. Q3 sales of high-tech equipment was helped by DS World this year as this year's event was more impactful than the virtual event held in 2020. U.S. manufacturers of traditional equipment in North America, expect to continue to see delays until the second half of 2022. The pipeline for equipment orders remained strong, and we regard this delayed equipment installations into next year as a timing issue rather than any decrease in demand. DS World also has contributed to our strong backlog of orders going into the fourth quarter. Just as a reminder, we recognize sales for equipment and capital equipment orders at the time the equipment is installed rather than when the order is placed. Our international dental internal sales growth in local currencies was 5.9% versus Q3 of 2020. Our international dental consumable merchandise sales in local currencies increased 1% versus Q3 2020 or 3.5% growth, excluding PPE and COVID-related products. We also reported strong quarter sales growth of 28.1% in our international markets, which are not experiencing any supply chain issues of any significance at this time. In local currencies, internal sales increased 23.9% compared with Q3 2020. Our sales of dental specialty products was approximately $225 million in the third quarter with internal growth of 10.3% in local currencies versus the prior year. In North America, Internal sales growth in local currencies grew 8.5% over Q3 2020, and I'll note that Q3 2020 was also a strong quarter. And internationally, internal sales of dental specialty products grew at 15.3% in local currencies. Growth was strong in each of our dental specialty categories, namely oral surgery, implants, bone regeneration, endodontics, orthodontics, with all of these businesses doing well in both North America and internationally. Our Global Medical sales during Q3 was $1.2 billion and increased 15.5% compared with the same period last year. Internal sales growth was 13.1% in local currencies. Our internal sales growth increased 13.6% in North America versus the prior year, while international sales of our Medical business declined 7.5% year-over-year. North American medical sales experienced particularly strong growth across the board versus the third quarter of last year, including growth in COVID-19 test kits, equipment, laboratory product sales and pharmaceuticals. If you were to exclude PPE and COVID-related products, Global Medical internal sales growth in local currencies increased 8.3% versus Q3 2020. I'll also note, we sold approximately $206 million in COVID-19 test kits in the third quarter of 2021. That includes about $28 million in multi-assay flu and COVID-19 combination tests. This compares with $75 million in test kits in the second quarter of this year and $180 million in the first quarter of 2021. The increase in test kits was the result of the surge in demand related to the Delta variant, and we expect sales of test kits to moderate from these levels in the upcoming quarters. Technology and Value-Added Services sales during Q3 were $168.6 million, an increase of $21.9 million compared with the prior year, and that includes internal growth of 6.3% in local currencies. In North America, Tech and Value-Added Services internal sales growth was 5% in local currencies and this growth was primarily driven by Henry Schein One's Dentrix Ascend subscriptions as well as Dentrix technical support revenue and our Practice Services value-added businesses. Internationally, Technology and Value-Added Services internal sales increased by 15.3% in local currencies compared with the prior year, driven primarily by Henry Schein One with particular strength in Software of Excellence business driven by the reopening in the UK. We continue to repurchase common stock in the open market during the third quarter, buying approximately 650,000 shares at an average price of $76.77 per share for a total expenditure of approximately $50 million. The impact of these repurchases of shares in the third quarter was immaterial to diluted EPS. I'll also note, at the end of the quarter, Henry Schein had approximately $350 million authorized and available for future stock repurchases. If you take a look at our balance sheet, as well as cash flow, we have access to significant liquidity, providing flexibility and financial stability. Operating cash flow from continuing operations for the third quarter of 2021 was $211.2 million, and that compared to $261.3 million for the third quarter of last year. I'll note also, as part of our previously disclosed restructuring initiative, we had a small pretax credit in Q3 2021 of $175,000, and of course, that did not have a material impact on our diluted EPS. I'll conclude my remarks by updating our 2021 non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance as well as introducing 2022 guidance. At this time, we are not providing 2021 GAAP diluted EPS guidance as we were unable to provide without unreasonable effort an estimated costs related to the ongoing restructuring initiative including the corresponding tax effect. On a non-GAAP basis, we expect EPS from continuing operations to be $4.27 to $4.35, reflecting a 44% to 46% growth for 2020 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations. Turning to next year, we are introducing preliminary guidance for 2022 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations. Also at this time, we're not providing guidance for 2022 GAAP diluted EPS for the same reason as we are unable to provide without unreasonable estimate an estimate of restructuring costs for 2021 and 2022 as well as the corresponding tax impact. We expect growth in 2022 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations to be in the mid- to high single-digits over 2021 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations. Our guidance for both 2021 and 2022, non-GAAP diluted EPS is for current continuing operations as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions but does not include the impact of future share repurchases, potential future acquisitions, if any, or restructuring expenses. Guidance also assumes that foreign currency exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels that the end markets remain stable and are consistent with current market conditions, and there are no material adverse market changes associated with COVID-19. With that summary, let me turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much, Steven. So let's provide some thoughts on each of our businesses. Third quarter dental revenue growth was solid, as you heard. Overall gains in consumable merchandise and equipment sales in North America and international markets reflect the continuing recovery. And as noted, this is coupled with key focus on execution by Team Schein. North American dental consumable merchandise internal growth in local currencies with and without PP&E and COVID-19-related products also was quite solid in the third quarter. Consumable merchandise sales continue to improve, which we believe was bolstered by a steady flow of patient traffic. Here in the U.S., the most recent American Dental Association data shows patient traffic is currently at about 90% of pre-pandemic levels, and Henry Schein One billings associated with general claims processing are, once again, about 100% and of pre-pandemic levels, a little over. These statistics are similar to those we reported in the second quarter, and we believe the market to be sequentially stable dropping slightly through improvement. Similar kind of data around the world, some countries are a little ahead, some a little behind, but on balance, pretty stable on the dental side. You may recall that many of the international markets we serve posted a quick recover in sales and consumable merchandise in the third quarter of last year when we recorded at that time, record sales. This comparison resulted in slightly lower sales growth than we have seen in prior quarters. Most markets are back to normal, as I noted, with some modest weakness in the UK, although it is better. And in Australia and New Zealand for a very short period of time to the main cities were on lockdown. But the market -- the lockdown has been largely lifted and Australian and New Zealand are back to normal right now. But we had a dip in the third quarter. Last quarter, we discussed some of the delivery and installation delays facing the U.S. traditional dental equipment business. Overall, our equipment business is performing very well and equipment demand is strong as demonstrated by the third quarter sales, we are reporting today. We expect the impact of those delays to be pronounced in the fourth quarter with manufacturing lead times returning to normal towards the second half of next year. As such, the traditional equipment manufacturers' delays along with delays in office construct are creating some timing differences in our reported sales between quarters. Again, these manufacturing delays are primarily impacting delivery and installation of traditional equipment in North America, namely the U.S. Canada is quite stable. Manufacturers seem to be able to provide us with adequate product, although we do have longer installation times even in Canada, but not as bad as in the U.S. That said, dentists continue to invest in technology solutions that promote more accurate diagnosis and treatment planning as well as workflow efficiency. This is really important. Dentists are focusing on digitalization of their practices. We remain extremely bullish about the future of digital dentistry and the long-term prospects and trends we believe will flow from advancements in the digitalization of dentistry. Among the dental equipment highlights each year is the Dentsply DS World, which took place at the end of September in Las Vegas, right at the end of the quarter. This event was virtual in 2020. So it was exciting for Henry Schein to be on site and meeting in person once again with current and prospective customers. We are very pleased with the results from the show, which did have somewhat of a modest positive impact on our sales in the third quarter, but we expect much more of an impact in the fourth quarter. It's important to note that DS will features high technology equipment, and we believe the supply chain challenges I discussed do not generally at the delivery and installation of these products here in the United States. So we expect the good results from the equipment side, specifically digital and other Dentsply products to flow through in the fourth quarter with a challenge remaining on the traditional chairs, units and lights, which are manufactured largely in the United States by other manufacturers who fill the slack from one of our large manufacturers exiting the market last year. Now, look, we've received lots of questions on -- and comments have been written about pricing for dental, merchandise and equipment. So we expect that prices may increase for certain items in the near term as some manufacturers work through a scarcity of raw materials as well as higher transportation and labor costs. Unfortunately, this can result in higher pricing for our customers as we typically pass on these increases. However, what's very important, and we're communicating this to our customers, Henry Schein is committed to working with our suppliers to improve supply chain efficiencies and to limit these price increases as best we can and to alerting our customers to upcoming price changes. We are doing all we can to mitigate this inflationary impact resulting from raw material shortages, higher transportation issues, mitigate that for our customers. So now turning to the dental specialties. Sales of our dental specialty products performed extremely well during this quarter with double-digit internal sales growth in local currencies versus the prior year. Remember, the prior year, we did have good sales in the specialty category as well. So this is pretty good compounding. Approximately 2/3 of our dental specialties revenues are from our oral surgery implant-based tooth replacement products business. That includes the implants and the bone regeneration products. Our success share is driven largely by our premium value Horizons and Camlog implants and bone regeneration lines, where we also saw strong growth versus the prior year. Our leadership position in the oral surgery, that's both an implant and bone regeneration market as well as endodontic and orthodontics includes both proven solutions and a commitment to delivering new solutions as we further penetrate key dental specialty markets. At any given time, we have a number of product launches underway, which typically takes us 12 to 18 months for a full rollout. The pipeline was rich and remains rich, and we continue to bring exciting new products to market in all 3 categories. During the third quarter, we launched our Progressive CONELOG implants with multiunit prosthetics addressing the full Arch market in North America. And during the fourth quarter, we expect to launch our Fusion implant solution to enhance our offering of the value price segment of the implant market. Our priority in orthodontics is our reveal clear aligner with global reach now into more than 2 dozen countries. In the U.S., we are in the process of launching an update to our software, Studio Pro 4.0, which features advanced treatment planning and visualization tools. We expect to launch the software in certain international markets next year. So overall, we're very pleased with the performance of our Dental business globally, our dental specialty businesses, and we'll talk now about our medical distribution business. Turning now to our Medical business. Internal sales growth in local currencies for the third quarter was, once again, very strong. But what's important to recognize the strength was in terms of growth was strong both measured with and without sales of PPE and COVID-19 related products. Trends in the physician office, ambulatory surgery center, alternate care markets, as noted in my opening remarks are all quite positive. We believe traffic in U.S. physician offices and ambulatory surgery centers is generally improving, as we approach more normalized practice operations for elective procedures that were deferred over the past 18 months, although we're still not back to normal, but the trend is good. We also have increased the number of accounts we serve. I think the Medical Group has done a very good job in expanding accounts and also penetrating existing accounts. Sales of COVID-19-related products should be lumpy, as you know, all year, with strength in the first quarter falling off in the second quarter and picking up again in the third quarter, pretty lumpy, as noted. In addition, pricing for COVID tests has also declined quite a bit. These volatile sales trends reflect the unpredictable spread of the Delta variant with upticks in cases and testing services being seen between quarters and within various geographies. We continue to expect price volatility for COVID-19 test to continue. This year's third quarter also included the sale of flu diagnostic products, whereas a year ago, we sold very few of these tests. In fact, we are selling the combination flu COVID-19 test to our physician office-based customers to help differentiate these 2 viruses that result in somewhat overlapping symptoms. Tests are important in the office-based practitioner environment in the office, although as noted, the volatility of the particular price per unit can be quite sharp. We are optimistic, I would say, extremely optimistic about the future of our medical group as medical procedures continue to move to alternate care settings, coupled with our belief that we are well positioned to continue to grow our market share. Also, as noted, elective procedures that patients have put off for 18 months are now being scheduled. But putting that even aside, I think the structural market shift from the acute care setting to the physician office and the ultimate care setting, particularly the ambulatory surgical center, is something that is moving in our direction, and we are well positioned to process this new business that is emerging. So one closing remark regarding our distribution businesses. As we have previously discussed, we believe we have entered a new normal for the use of personal protected products, excuse me, by both dental and medical practitioners. We envisage demand for PP&E products continuing at an elevated level for the foreseeable future driven by new health care protocols. We do not expect that the demand -- the unit demand for PPE will revert to pre-pandemic usage levels. However, we expect price volatility for PP&E products to continue. So now looking at the performance of our Technology and Value-Added Services businesses during the quarter, Henry Schein One, the largest contributor to the sales in this segment once again recorded record high quarterly revenue. As Steven noted, we saw solid North American sales growth in Dentrix's technical support. That's the support we provide to our existing customers. And really exciting, our Dentrix Ascend Cloud Solutions business is growing. Remember, historically, the systems we sold, we would book a sale for the product and the total value of the software we sold would be recognized as a sale. Now the Dentrix Ascend cloud solution is subscription-based software, which means it's a continuous reoccurring revenue, and this is doing very well. Dentrix Ascend is doing well with small customers, midsize customers and growingly now with some of the larger DSOs. Also, our software excellent business excellence business in the UK had a good quarter. The software business in the UK had challenges while the UK dentists were in lockdown or largely on lockdown. We continue to focus on the migration to the cloud and our cloud-based solutions to create flexible, scalable services to drive practice efficiency and patient engagement and a more stable recurring revenue stream, as I noted, for these services. Short term may impact sales in that we do not book the full sale of the software upfront, but this recurring revenue is really very good business. And growingly the percentage of our business in the reoccurring revenue part of field of the total Henry Schein One sales is growing. So overall sales growth was accelerated also by acquisitions we made over the past year in software analytics in particular. And in particular, the services offered by Jarvis are being well received by our customers. This is a great business that takes data, a lot of it from our Dentrix systems and provides analytics to customers, small and large customers. Lastly, our Practice Services businesses are key components of the value added we provide our customers. And we were especially pleased with the strong growth this quarter, also driven by incremental investment that practices are making in their businesses. We are expanding the range of practice solutions or part of the strategic thinking we've shared with our investors. In this connection, we acquired eAssist Dental Solutions late in the second quarter, and I'm really happy to report that this virtual dental outsourced billing business is performing well. It's been well received by our customers. And of course, the goal is to reduce the administrative effort required of our customers for their collections. I'd like to spend the closing part of my remarks on ESG, environmental, social and governance. As we've discussed during past quarterly calls, environmental, social and governance, or ESG is an area of important focus for Henry Schein and an important topic all of us as we find new and innovative ways to create shared value for society as well as for our company, our businesses and for our investors. I think it is quite clear as we emerged on COVID and hopefully, we're starting the emerging part now, certainly in the developed world but it's clear that the business of business is no longer only business and the private sector has an important role to play in addressing the critical issues that face the world. This was expected our business now more than ever. But let me stress, although we didn't call it ESG, ESG has been part of the Henry Schein DNA for decades, as we balance the needs of our customers, suppliers, investors, society at large and the well-being of our team members. To that end, we continue to engage our more than 21,000 Team Schein members as ESG champions to advance the ESG efforts as we find new and innovative ways to create shared value for society as well as for company. Henry Schein is committed already. I think our shareholders should be aware of this, to reporting in accordance with GRI and SASB standards next year in 2022. We've also committed to issuing our initial task force on climate-related financial disclosures report next year, and we will set science-based targets. With specific respect now to the environmental side, we aim to operate more efficiently and reduce our carbon footprint as well as working towards our goal to achieve net zero global emissions by 2050. Of course, this will be gradual towards that date, gradual and cumulative. We participate in the World Economic Forum Alliance of CEO Climate Leaders and have signed the business ambition for 1.5 centigrade and the race to zero campaign, the 1.5°C and the race to zero campaign, which seeks to catalyze leadership and tangible action from the private sector for a healthy, resilient zero carbon recovery and we will continue to do our part for a healthier planet. Again, these are areas that Henry Schein has been committed to for a long time, but we're now disclosing and visualizing what we're doing. Regarding our work under social or Team Schein members, our team shine members are our, of course, greatest asset. We are committed to creating a culture of wellness including very important mental health, which has become a big issue during COVID, providing our team with resources, education and hosting open dialogues, which allow for a meaningful connection on related topics. We have what we referred to internally as a holistic approach to diversity and inclusion, D&I, recognizing that D is important, but ears very important, maybe more important, inclusive part that encompasses talent, culture, marketplace and society, increasing the representation of underrepresented groups, including women in leadership roles, and pay equity are a particular area of focus for us as is providing access to the health care service to historically underrepresented populations. We have been, again, committed to this for a long time. We have a longstanding commitment to pandemic and disaster preparedness and response and helping to build a stronger, more resilient healthcare supply chain. And this was manifested in our being a founding member and private sector lead for the pandemic supply chain network. Happy if any investor has questions on that to provide more information. The PSCN network, I think, played an important role during COVID and is ready to continue to help with pandemic preparedness. Our commitment to ethical corporate governance starts with our largely independent and diverse Board of Directors and our nominating and governance committee, who provide oversight over our ESG programs. In addition, Team Schein members in partnership with our customers, suppliers and NGO partners drive a culture of ethics and compliance through our team shine values, worldwide business standards and global supplier code of conduct. So that's a lot. But I think it's important to understand that we are committed to ESG have been committed to alignment with the needs of society, doing well by doing good, as Benjamin Franklin referred to over 200 years ago. We've been committed to that for decades and believe that this is one of the reasons why we, as a company, have provided increased shareholder value each year for decades. So with that in mind, Steven and I are ready to answer any particular questions that investors may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question will come from John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger: Can you just elaborate a little bit more on the One Distribution plan? Does that mean you're going to move to sort of a shared footprint across your distribution networks? And is that going to be global? And I'll just ask my follow-up now and get off. The second question, Steve, is for you. I think the guidance implies a little bit of a sequential step down in earnings. Should we think about that as just because of basic equipment being lower? Or is there something else going on in Q4?
Stanley Bergman: Steven will address the second part -- the second question. So we have shared services in a number of areas already. Our distribution systems, our telesales customer service, for example, inventory management has been a shared service. But there are many other parts of our business, particularly the front end. For example, management of customer contracts, equipment service, financial services, order processing, the front end order processing. Some of it is already corporate-wide and others -- parts of it are specific related to medical and dental. These areas, I think, operating under common management to drive out costs and provide better customer service. The big area that we are preparing for is our new digital front end, our global e-commerce platform that we'll launch in the middle of next year in the U.K. and then will be rolled out throughout the company carefully. We need common management, because that system is geared towards digital interfacing with our customers, dental and medical. So to cut a long story short, our very large customers and our midsized customers are going through a lot of experiences that our medical team already undertook and went through a decade plus ago. So there's a lot of learning and these are learnings that our dental team can provide our medical team. So we've broken up our business into 2, our North American business, led by Brad Connett, who's run our medical business for decades; and Andrea Albertini, internationally, who's been with us also for about a decade and has significant experience in manufacturing as well and distribution. And they are all working very closely with David Brous, who's responsible together with René Willi for our Specialty businesses. So internally, it works very, very well to advance our strategic plan that will be unfolding in -- for 2022 to 2024.
Steven Paladino: Okay. I'll tackle the second part of your question, John. So Q4 guidance. First, I'll note that our guidance is up, for the year, quite significantly. Remember, we gave a floor of $3.85 for the full year, and now we're at $4.27to $4.35. But specific to Q4, we wanted to consider a few things that I'll enumerate. One is North American equipment and availability of product. We have estimates for product being delayed into 2022. But there was still a little bit of volatility and uncertainty as to exactly how much product we'll get in Q4 for North America. And this is really the traditional equipment. So we're being conservative there. We also have seen a fair amount of volatility on 2 product items that we're trying to be a little bit conservative on. One is COVID test kits. You can see it's been jumping around. We had a very strong Q3. But we do expect COVID test kits to moderate -- sales to moderate a bit in Q4 as well as PPE pricing. We do expect PPE pricing to also moderate a bit in Q4. So there's some conservatism built into the Q4 numbers. I'll also note that if you compare the EPS to the EPS of last year, remember, last year, we had that tax settlement that was $0.11 per share, and that obviously was nonrecurring. And finally, I'll say because there's been some notes and thought on inflationary. Obviously, any price inflationary items are fully considered, both in our 2021 and 2022 guidance.
Operator: The next question is from Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson: Steve, maybe following up on your last point there. I mean you talked about these price increases in dental and your efforts to maybe hold those in check. But can you talk about your ability to pass those price increases from the manufacturers through to your end users? I know you've alluded to it a couple of times. But we hear that you've raised rates here in the last few weeks, may or may not be able to fully pass price increases through to your end customers. So just on both those topics would be helpful.
Steven Paladino: Sure, Jeff. So again, our guidance assumes what we believe is a reasonable estimates of inflation. To give a little bit of detail, in pre-pandemic times, pricing inflation was probably in the low single digits, 2%, maybe to 3%. Right now, pricing is coming in for 2022, and it's a bit higher than that. It's probably in the 4% to 5% range. Generally, we try to pass through pricing to the end user, to the customer. But as Stanley said in his prepared remarks, we're also working with manufacturers to see how much we can limit those price increases and do other things. With respect -- I know there were some questions earlier this -- last week, actually, on specific customers. And on that, we're not going to comment on specific terms and conditions for specific customers for competitive reasons. But again, we feel like inflation is a little bit higher, and it's not just on product costs, it's also on labor and other things. And all of that is baked into our guidance, best we can do at this time.
Jeffrey Johnson: All right. That's helpful. And just a quick follow-up. Just -- you talked about dental volumes kind of globally and in North America being fairly stable. We're 1 month into 4Q. How was October? And just any color on a very high level on kind of -- are you still seeing that stability here at mid the fourth quarter?
Steven Paladino: Sure. I would say that specific to dental, October continued to show good results, strong results. I'd be careful, though, for everyone on the line. It's very common to see a strong month and then sometimes, it changes because of ordering patterns of customers. But we definitely saw a very continued progression of the market conditions in October for the company.
Operator: The next question will come from Jon Block with Stifel.
Jonathan Block: Maybe just a near term and then a more high level. So just on the near term, it's certainly a solid quarter, big, broad top line and bottom line be. Maybe the only thing to pick on was gross margins, down roughly 100 bps sequentially and below our estimates. Steve, maybe if you can just talk to that, what was that from? Was it all mix? Was it the big medical number and PPE. And do we expect that to bounce back sort of into the fourth quarter and trajectory into '22?
Steven Paladino: Yes. The gross profit, first of all, we had a significant increase in the gross profit year-over-year and that was primarily driven by lower inventory adjustments. I would say it's a little bit of mix. And the second thing I would point to in impacting the gross margin is pricing on PPE products. PPE products continue to have pricing declines. So while -- it's not as big an impact on margins, it does impact the absolute dollars as well as the mix because it is now not contributing as much to the mix. So it's primarily mix, Jon. And we do think that these pricing issues in PPE will be behind us, certainly during Q4. They've moderated a lot in Q3, but there still seems to be a little bit more to go. And going forward, we expect -- our goal is also to continue to drive towards higher-margin businesses, those technology and specialty sales products, which carry a higher margin. And the goal is to help improve the margin with a positive mix shift.
Jonathan Block: That's helpful. Probably a good segue into the next one. Stanley, just M&A, now that the COVID environment has seemingly hopefully started to stabilize. Maybe your, just, appetite going forward for M&A. What do the multiples look like in the industry? And just as COVID alter your wants in one industry versus the other from what we've all experienced the past 18 months or so.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, Jon, our strategy on M&A continues to be the same, namely to add products to our -- businesses to our distribution platform, parts of the world where we're not as strong as we would like to be. And at the same time, advancing our specialty areas, namely software, the specialty products area and services. And maybe multiples to increase to some extent. But there's lots of opportunity for us to create synergies and to bring new value-added services to our customer base. So we remain quite optimistic about the M&A area. Obviously, there's no deal until there's a deal. And our pipeline remains quite full. Having said that, again, we cannot commit to any particular quarter. And I think you heard from Steven's guidance that there's nothing in these numbers for M&A that is not announced.
Operator: We do have time for 1 final question, and that question will come from Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler.
Jason Bednar: Steve, I'd like to start with you on a couple of items related to guidance. First, I'd be curious in your level of confidence here today and margin expansion for the business next year and really trying to take into account the items that were impacting here real time in the quarter with respect to things like business mix and a step-up in stock comp. And how we should be thinking about those items when it comes to operating margins for '22? And then also kind of within that guidance discussion, do you have an estimate on what the currency headwind you're assuming in earnings growth guidance for next year?
Steven Paladino: Sure. You asked a lot of questions. Let's see if I can hit all of them. By the way, I just wanted to note that when I -- in the prepared remarks, when I was describing the technology sales growth, I inadvertently said $21.9 million sales growth when I meant 21.9% growth. So just to correct that. With respect to guidance, there's a couple of things. We're not assuming any major change in foreign exchange because of guidance. We do have a preliminary budget, so our 2022 guidance is based off of that preliminary budget. When you look at the Q3 stock compensation expense, it was higher than normal because of the overperformance in Q3 as well as the full year. So Q3, we caught up based on that new projection on some of the stock-based compensation expense. That will be normalized in 2022. And like I said, we're trying to be a little bit conservative on 2022 also, because of some of the uncertainty on test kits. We'll also see the benefit of the timing, Q4 timing on traditional equipment will be a headwind for us, but it'll be a tailwind in 2022 as those orders that can't get installed in Q4 get installed sometime in 2022. Did I cover, Jason, the bulk of your questions? Because you had a lot of sub-questions in there or something else that you want me to answer?
Jason Bednar: Yes. Sorry, no, I think you did. I mean, it was -- really trying to get the confidence in margin expansion for next year, but I think you did there. And then just coming back to one other point you were making there, Steve, just on hitting on the basic equipment challenges here near term, but it also sounds like this issue, before it's fully resolved, it may be extend a bit deeper into '22 than what you were alluding to a few months ago. I guess just at a high level, is there a point where you'd look to maybe procure product from elsewhere, bring in some international suppliers? I guess, just anything you can proactively do on your end to help mitigate this challenge from really dragging on deep into '22?
Steven Paladino: Yes. Maybe I'll make a comment and then pass it to Stanley. So this is what we're hearing from the impacted manufacturers right now. So remember, we don't see the insides of all of the detail. But what they're telling us is it won't be fully normalized until second half of 2022. We are doing a lot of different things to see if we can bring another product and get more product to fulfill demand as quickly as possible. But maybe I'll turn it to Stanley to give a little bit more comment on that.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Thank you, Steven. Jason, we are talking about traditional equipment in the United States, chairs, units, lights. All the other equipment is readily available and chairs, units and lights are available outside of the United States. So we're dealing with a particular situation where a significant manufacturer of ours exited the chairs, units and lights market. Other manufacturers have scaled up their capacity. This also happened simultaneously with an increase in demand for equipment, traditional equipment, whether it's a direct result of our gaining market share or actually practitioners and/or practitioners investing in their practice. This business will not be lost. Coincidentally, there is a delay in construction. I think this is a general economy issue. So even if we had the equipment, there would be several practices, quite a few that would not be ready to take them. So I don't think this is a need to add additional chairs, units and lights manufacturers to our mix. We're very happy with the major manufacturers that supply us with these products here. It's not an international -- or non-U.S. issue where the manufacturers in general are providing us with product. And it certainly doesn't impact products like imaging, digital equipment, et cetera. There, we're experiencing a steady flow of product. Perhaps we can't get everything we want right away, but we're not talking about significant delays. So in general, we are happy with our manufacturers of equipment. We don't have our own private brand equipment line. We do not intend to have that for the large equipment. And so we are happy that our major manufacturers will supply us with the equipment we need. On the consumable side, there is some dislocation. And there, we are moving some product around. If a manufacturer can't give us what we need, we'll move it to another manufacturer. But overall, equipment will be satisfied, and we expect, even with the increase in demand, for us to be back to normal as we're hearing -- as we've been given this information by manufacturers mid-next year. So Steven, I think we are 7 minutes over, but we went a little bit on with the prepared remarks, which I apologize to the participants. But let me just end by saying thank you very much for calling in. Thank you for spending a few more minutes with us than was scheduled. As you can tell from our prepared remarks and from the answers, we remain extremely optimistic about our business, feel there is great momentum across the board, whether it's dental, medical, our specialty businesses, our value-added services in the software arena, the various kinds of services that we sell, that we build for all of these are going well. Of course, there are always challenges. This is not an easy time. Supply chain disruption is there. There's no doubt about it. And -- but we're working through these issues. Our team is committed. There were lots questions or lots of writings about the stability of our sales force. It's as stable as it's ever been. We are slightly moving the sales force around to more specialty features, featured salespeople. But generally, we did implement a new compensation program in the U.S. for our dental program -- dental sales people, relatively well received. We did not lose people because of that. There's lots and lots -- it's been written, lots of rumors. Bottom, bottom line, we have 3,500 field sales representatives, consultants around the world, of which well over -- almost 3,000 are in the North America, the other -- the rest are -- sorry, half in North America and half internationally. We are pretty stable in this area. And I'm quite optimistic that our sales organization remains highly motivated.
Stanley Bergman : So thank you very much for participating in this call today. If you have any questions, please reach out to Steven or to Graham in Investor Relations, and I look forward to speaking to everybody when we report our fourth quarter numbers. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Second Quarter 2021 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, Regina, and thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the 2021 second quarter. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the Risk Factors section of those filings. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. Our conference call remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures can be found in the Supplemental Information section of our Investor Relations website and in Exhibit B of today's press release, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, August 3, 2021. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. [Operator Instructions]. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone. And of course, thank you very much for joining us today. We are most pleased to report record second quarter financial results as we continue to execute on our key strategies. Strengthening demand in the global Dental and Medical markets drove strong year-over-year increases in sales versus the prior year when a significant number of dental and medical practices suspended activity because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Notably, compared with pre-COVID-19 data, environment of the second quarter of 2019 to be specific, Henry Schein's worldwide internal sales in local currencies increased by 15.2%. So if you go back to the second quarter of 2019, you will see that Henry Schein's worldwide internal sales growth in local currencies increased by 15.2% in 2021, again, compared to 2019. We are also pleased with operating margin expansion that reflects a favorable product mix as well as operating expense leverage. As we continue to invest in our business to supplement solid organic growth, we completed several acquisitions during the second quarter of 2021 across the dental and Technology and Value-Added Services businesses with aggregate annual sales of approximately $60 million. Our capital allocation strategy also includes share repurchases as a means to deliver value to our shareholders. Steven will provide greater detail on the approximately $113 million spent in the second quarter as part of our Board-approved share repurchase authorization. While the number of new COVID cases has risen in certain geographies, to date, we have not seen a material impact on patient traffic. Rather, practice visits have continued to improve as offices are generally open. Data for the end markets we serve points to continued global improvements as economies recover across the globe. The most recent American Dental Association data shows current patient traffic at 88% of pre-pandemic levels, which we believe may underrepresent volume in certain practices. We've also seen other industry survey reports that show practice volumes either consistent with or slightly better than pre-pandemic levels. I will also note that Henry Schein One billings associated with dental claims processing are currently above the 100% pre-pandemic levels, in line with increased restorative and dental specialty procedures which are driving greater practice purchases. So the overall global market recovery and our improving financial results have continued. We believe dental patient traffic in the U.S., Australia and New Zealand is close to or above to 2019 levels. And we are also seeing improving patient traffic in Canada, Europe, Brazil and Asia, with higher numbers in certain specific European countries. That said, end markets in certain geographies continue to face challenges due to the ongoing pandemic. Patient traffic in the United States physician offices and ambulatory surgical centers is improving as we approach more normalized practice operations. With solid execution in the first half of 2021 and a favorable outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year, today, we are raising our guidance for 2021 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations to be at or above $3.85. Let me stress, this is representing a floor for the fiscal 2021 year. So we continue to monitor any potential impact to our business as a result of COVID-19, particularly as certain U.S. states and some international geographies are experiencing an uptick in diagnosed cases, especially among those unvaccinated. And we're, of course, optimistic that the vaccination rate will go up. With these opening comments, I'd like to hand the call over to Steven to discuss our quarterly financial performance and provide more detail on our guidance. Then I'll be back to provide additional commentary on the current business conditions in our markets and our thoughts going forward. So Steven, please.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to everyone. As we begin, I'd like to point out that I will be discussing our results from continuing operations on an as-reported GAAP basis and on a non-GAAP basis. Our second quarter non-GAAP results for 2021 and 2020 exclude certain items that are detailed in Exhibit B of today's press release and in the Supplemental Information section of our Investor Relations website. Please note that we have again included a corporate sales category for Q2 that represents prior year sales to Covetrus under the transitional services agreement. This concluded in the fourth quarter of 2020. While the agreement has ended, these sales are still reflected in the prior year comparative results. In addition to these comparisons with the prior year, I will also be comparing some key metrics with Q2 of 2019, given the height of impact of the pandemic on our business occurred in Q2 of 2020. So turning to our financial results. Total net sales for the quarter ended June 26, 2021, were $3 billion, reflecting growth of 76.2% compared with the prior year period. Internally generated sales were up 65.5% in local currencies. And compared with the pre-pandemic second quarter of 2019, internal sales in local currencies increased 15.2%. The details of our sales performance are contained in Exhibit A of our earnings press release which was issued earlier today. Note that on Exhibit A-1, it also contains details of our sales performance compared with 2019. On a GAAP basis, operating margin for the second quarter of 2021 was 7.09%, reflecting an increase of 753 basis points compared with the prior year and an increase of 46 basis points compared with 2019. We are pleased with our operating margin performance in the second quarter. And on a non-GAAP basis, our operating margin of 7.21% increased by 671 basis points compared to the prior year and an increase of 9 basis points versus 2019. You can find a reconciliation of our GAAP operating margin to non-GAAP operating margin also in the Supplemental Information page of our Investor Relations website. Turning to taxes. Our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2021 was 23.4%. That compares with only a 5.9% GAAP effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2020. And on a non-GAAP basis, our effective tax rate was also 23.4%. Note that on the prior year, the non-GAAP effective tax rate was impacted by the pretax loss. A reconciliation of the GAAP effective tax rate to non-GAAP effective tax rate is available in the supplemental page also on the Investor Relations page of our website. We expect the effective tax rate to continue in approximately the 25% range, both on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis for the remainder of the year. And of course, that assumes no changes in tax legislation. Moving on. GAAP net income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein for the second quarter of 2021 was $155.7 million or $1.10 per diluted share. This compares with the prior year GAAP net loss from continuing operations of $11.4 million or a loss of $0.08 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, net income from continuing operations for the second quarter of 2021 was $157.3 million or $1.11 per diluted share, and this compares to non-GAAP net income from continuing operations of $0.6 million or $0.00 per diluted share for the second quarter of 2020. Amortization from acquired intangible assets for Q2 '21 was $30.1 million pretax or approximately $0.13 per diluted share. This compares with $24.8 million pretax or $0.11 per diluted share in the same period last year. For the first half of 2021, amortization from acquired intangible assets was $59.8 million or $0.26 per diluted share. This compares with $51.6 million pretax or $0.23 per diluted share in the same period last year. I'll also note that foreign currency exchange positively impacted our Q2 2021 diluted EPS by approximately $0.03 per share. Let me now provide some detail on our sales results for the quarter. Our global Dental sales of $1.9 billion increased 102.9% compared with the same period last year, with internal sales growth of 87% in local currencies. Compared with Q2 2019, internal sales growth in local currencies was 12.1%. Global Dental consumable merchandise internal sales increased by 90.5% in the second quarter of 2021 versus the same period last year. And excluding PPE and COVID-related products, the sales increase was 96.2%. When comparing it to Q2 of 2019, internal sales growth in local currencies increased 13.7% or 7.9% excluding PPE and COVID-related products. We experienced broad-based consumer merchandise sales growth in both North America and in our international businesses, particularly in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Australia and New Zealand, Brazil and Asia, with solid overall sales growth compared to 2019. In Europe, we saw a particular strength in dental consumable merchandise sales in France, Germany, Austria, Belgium, The Netherlands, Italy, Poland and the U.K. North American dental internal sales growth in local currencies was 105% compared with the prior year and 9% compared with Q2 2019. Our North American dental consumable merchandise sales in local currencies increased 112% compared to Q2 2020 or 119% excluding PPE and COVID-related products. Again, however, compared with Q2 2019, this growth was 11.5% or 4.8% when excluding PPE and COVID-related products. Our North American dental equipment internal sales growth in local currencies was 82% versus Q2 2020 and 0.4% versus Q2 2019. Sales growth was modest compared with the second quarter of 2019, primarily reflecting delays with certain U.S. manufacturers of chairs, units and lights, resulting in longer lead times to our customers. We also experienced softer CAD/CAM sales growth compared to the same period in 2019 as we have seen more customers recently purchased scan-only solutions versus full chairside solutions. Longer term, we believe a large number of these customers will ultimately buy a full chairside system. At this time, we believe the potential impact to some U.S. traditional equipment sales resulting from the supply change - supply chain challenges will also affect the second half of 2021. Further, we believe that the Q4 impact will be greater than the Q3 impact as we expect to satisfy equipment orders with existing inventory as well as incoming inventory in the current quarter. At this time though, it's important to note we are not experiencing any meaningful lead time challenges in high-tech equipment, including imaging, handpieces and sterilizing equipment. Based on our view today, some traditional orders placed in Q4 for U.S. practices are more likely to be installed in the early part of 2022 due to the extended manufacturer lead times and construction delays at practices. Just as a reminder, we recognize sales for capital equipment orders at the time the equipment is installed versus when the order is placed or other times. International dental internal sales growth in local currencies was 64.9% versus Q2 2020 and 17% compared with Q2 2019. The international dental consumable merchandise internal sales in local currencies increased 64% versus Q2 '20 or 70% excluding PPE and COVID-related products. Comparing to Q2 2019, internal consumable merchandise sales growth in local currencies was 17.2% or 12.6% excluding PPE and COVID-related products. We also reported strong equipment growth in our international markets, mainly because there were no significant manufacturer delays. International dental equipment internal sales growth in local currencies was 66% compared to Q2 '20 and 16.6% compared with Q2 2019. We reported strong dental equipment growth internationally with particular solid performance in France, Italy and Australia. Our global Dental specialties revenue in the second quarter was $235 million, with internal growth of 91% in local currencies versus the prior year and growth of 14.0% versus 2019. Growth in North America was 119% year-over-year and 15.1% versus Q2 2019. Internationally, dental specialties' internal sales growth in local currencies was also strong at 44.8% versus Q2 2020 and 11.5% versus Q2 2019. Growth was strong in each of our dental specialty categories, including implants, oral surgery, endodontics and orthodontics, with all 3 businesses doing well in both North America and internationally. Turning to our global Medical sales. During Q2, they were $904.8 million, an increase of 46.5% compared with the same period last year, including internal sales growth of 43.5%. Compared with Q2 2019, internal sales growth in local currencies increased 27.2%. The internal sales growth in local currencies increased 44% in North America compared with Q2 '20 and 27.1% compared to Q2 2019, while international sales increased 15.9% versus 2020 and 31.2% versus 2019. Our Medical sales experienced broad-based growth compared to 2019, including growth in medical-surgical equipment and laboratory product sales. Excluding PPE and COVID-related product contribution, global Medical sales in local currencies increased 39% compared with 2020 and 7.8% compared with Q2 2019. I'll also note that we sold approximately $75 million in COVID-19 tests in the second quarter of 2021, and that includes our multi-assay flu and COVID-19 combination tests. This compares with a higher number of $180 million in test sales in the first quarter of 2021. As we previously commented, we expected COVID-19 test sales to continue to moderate. And while our PPE sales in both our Dental and Medical businesses have declined since the onset of COVID-19, we expect demand to remain at elevated levels. Technology and Value-Added sales during Q2 were $152.1 million, an increase of 44.5% compared with the prior year, including internal growth of 33% in local currencies. Internal sales growth in local currencies increased 10.1% for the same period versus 2019. In North America, the Technology and Value-Added Services internal sales growth was 30% in local currencies and 10.6% versus 2019. Our Henry Schein One business performed well in the second quarter, as did our financial services businesses, which was driven primarily by practice transitions revenue. Internationally, the Tech and Value-Added Services internal sales increased 54% versus the prior year and 6.9% compared with 2019. We continue to repurchase common stock in the open market during the second quarter, buying approximately 1.5 million shares at an average price of $72.98 per share, and that totaled approximately $113 million for the quarter. The impact of the repurchase of these shares on our second quarter diluted EPS was immaterial. At the end of the second quarter, we had approximately $400 million authorized and available for future stock repurchases. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow. We have access to significant liquidity, providing flexibility and financial stability. Operating cash flow from continuing operations for the second quarter of 2021 was $158.4 million. That compared to negative operating cash flow of $91.6 million for the second quarter of last year. This year-over-year increase was primarily due to increases in net income and lower investment in working capital. As part of our previously disclosed restructuring initiative, we recorded a pretax charge of $604,000 in Q2 '21, and that did not have any significant impact on our earnings per share. I will now conclude my remarks by updating our 2021 non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance. At this time, we will not be providing GAAP diluted EPS guidance as we are unable to provide, without unreasonable effort, an estimate of costs related to the ongoing restructuring initiative, including the corresponding tax effect. Once again, we are raising our guidance for 2021 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein, which we now expect to be at or above $3.85. Bear in mind, this represents a floor for guidance. This compares with the previous guidance for non-GAAP diluted EPS which was a floor of $3.70. Our guidance for 2021 non-GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is from continuing operations as well as completed or previously announced acquisitions and does not include the impact of future share repurchases, potential future acquisitions, if any, or restructuring expenses. Guidance also assumes that foreign exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels and that end markets remain stable and are consistent with current market conditions. The guidance also assumes there are no material adverse market changes associated with COVID-19. With that summary, let me now turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much, Steven. We believe Henry Schein's leadership positions in the global Dental and Medical distribution businesses serve as an excellent foundation to continue to expand our wide range of value-added solutions and services as well as our specialty products for practitioners, including self-manufactured products. We are focused on gross profit growth, outpacing operating expense growth over the long term, as we expand our mix of high-margin products and leverage efficiencies across our business, in part through One Schein and One Distribution strategies. These strategies were discussed in the last call and happy to discuss them further on this call. We believe we remain on the path to achieving our increased long-term profitability goals. In fact, we are very pleased with the performance of the business all around. We do expect to build on our track record of continued EPS growth, compounded EPS growth, with our 103rd quarter as a public company. In fact, looking at results for 2020, our high-margin businesses, which are comprised of Technology and Value-Added Services and the dental specialties businesses, represented approximately 12% of worldwide sales. It's already contributed over 1/3 of our GAAP and non-GAAP operating income. When looking at the components of our high-margin businesses, Technology and Value-Added Services, including Henry Schein One, comprised about 5% of worldwide sales in 2020 and approximately 15% of worldwide operating income. On the dental specialty side, this comprised about 7% of worldwide sales in 2020, along with approximately 20% of worldwide operating income. Let's go a little bit deeper into the dental distribution business. We delivered excellent dental revenue growth during the second quarter, driven by sales of both consumable merchandise and equipment and, more specifically, consumable merchandise sales in North America. And our international markets experienced double-digit growth compared with 2019. So both in North America and our international markets, we experienced double-digit growth, internal growth during 2019. Steven discussed the state of supply challenges for the U.S. traditional dental equipment business. We expect lead times to eventually normalize and would like to stress that it is important to take a look at our equipment business over a few quarters and not 1 specific quarter. So for example, in the North American market, our dental equipment local currency in the first quarter was 17.4% growth. So it is important to look at the dental equipment growth over a couple of quarters. And we remain very optimistic and actually enthusiastic about our dental business, the equipment business, in the United States, in Canada, that's our North American business as well as globally. What we hear and we continue to hear from dentists is that practice revenues are improving and practitioners plan to invest in technology solutions that promote more accurate diagnoses and treatment planning and, of course, workflow efficiency. As noted in both North America and, to some extent, internationally, we are seeing stronger sales of stand-alone digital scanners versus the full chairside systems as dentists and dental laboratories are carefully managing capital equipment purchases while still committing to investing in digital dentistry. I encourage investors to remain focused on the long-term prospects, in fact, even the medium-term prospects and trends that we believe will come from advancement of the digitalization of dentistry. So let's take a brief look at our dental specialties businesses, a category which now has sales annualized at over $900 million. As Steven noted, total global specialty - dental specialties performed extremely well with double-digit internal sales growth versus 2019 as we further penetrate these key dental specialty markets, both domestically and internationally. We also had a number of key strategic developments in each of our dental specialty product categories during the second quarter. Our implant and oral surgery businesses, which of course, include bone regeneration products, implants and bone regeneration products is the largest of our global dental specialty businesses, and we continue to deliver new solutions as we seek to increase share in key dental markets. For instance, in the U.S., we recently launched our progressive Camlog implants with multiunit prosthetics addressing the full-arch market. We also expect to introduce our Fusion implant solution to enhance our offering for the value price segment to the implant market. This complements our line of Medentis value implants which have been very successful, particularly in the DACH region. Our implant strategy is focused on providing a broad set of solutions to address various customer pricing requirements while providing high-quality clinical solutions. We believe we're in a unique spot of providing value. In other words, the price quality equation works well for dentists in many parts of the world, specifically in the U.S. and in Europe, a particular focus in the DACH region, but now also gaining a foothold in Asia as well. Each of these enhancements is underpinned by our investment in differentiated technologies for high-value, high-quality implant treatment. By the end of the year, we also plan to launch a new line of next-generation bone tissue augmentation material. Let me just now turn to the endodontic business, where growth in the second quarter was driven by a strong performance overall, but specifically with large accounts and sales in the international markets. Our core file and bioceramic portfolio continues to be well received globally, with particular strength in North America and Europe. In the orthodontic market, we are pleased with our Reveal Clear Aligner progress as we continue to enhance our platform and expand internationally. Today, we offer aligner solutions in 26 countries and continue to broaden reach with the recent launches in France, Poland, Ireland, Italy and Spain. We are providing customers with flexibility in their choice of integrated solutions. Reveal integrates with both 3Shape and Planmeca scanners and soon with the Dentsply Sirona scanners. Looking ahead to enhancements in our clear aligner development. We are preparing to launch an update to our Studio Pro software in the U.S., which will bring advanced treatment planning and visualization tools that help dentists effectively scan and treat patients, with a launch internationally in 2022. We are currently expanding our DDX practice to lab workflow platform with integration between Ortho2 and our Dentrix practice management Software that will stream Reveal Clear Aligner integration and enhance practice efficiency. We also expect this integration will be available for our Dentrix Ascend cloud-based software solution by the end of the year. In addition, this summer, we will begin supplementing our manufacturing of aligners with the new North American manufacturing facility to ensure even faster delivery times to dentists in the United States. And we are also working with Henry Schein One and DentalPlans.com to expand promotion of Reveal Clear Aligners to patients. The DentalPlans' direct-to-consumer platform is quite effective. Our global dental specialties businesses are seeing continued strength in high-acuity procedures across many of our key markets in addition to traditional oral care procedures. Let me now turn to the Technology and Value-Added Services business. Sales continued to improve from early days of the pandemic when patient traffic was hardest hit. During the quarter, Henry Schein One, the largest contributor to sales in this business reported a record-high quarterly revenue. In particular, we saw solid growth across the board with the Dentrix Enterprise, Dentrix Ascend, Demandforce, DentalPlans.com solutions. We are focused on migration to the cloud and our cloud-based solutions to create flexibility and scalable services. In the second quarter of 2021, we recorded solid growth in the adoption of Dentrix Ascend, our cloud offering, versus the second quarter of 2020 and quite a bit compared to 2019 second quarter, too. In fact, sales of Ascend increased faster than traditional Dentrix sales when compared with both periods. We continue to invest in analytics and patient marketing solutions to drive practice efficiency and patient engagement, and we continue to enhance our revenue cycle management capabilities. A key priority for Henry Schein One is to tightly integrate solutions so that practices have a unified solution suite and can simplify customer relations with Henry Schein. We are seeing that our customers have expanded the use of Henry Schein One patient engagement and communication technologies. Let me reflect on our recently announced acquisitions related to expanding our integrated Value-Added Services offering. We are extremely excited about the prospects of our eAssist, Jarvis Analytics and Dentally businesses. eAssist Dental Solutions is a developer of key leading virtual dental billing outsourced services that will advance our mission to offer best-in-breed solutions to help dental practices operate more efficiently and profitability. Jarvis develops comprehensive business analytic tools to help dental practices leverage data to diagnose problems, strengthen decision-making and improve business performance, particularly well-received amongst DSOs, but also now growing amongst the midsize and smaller practices. And Dentally is a cloud-based practice management company that offers an extensive suite of programs and services internationally, that enable dental professionals to be more efficient and to improve the ability to deliver high-quality care to patients. Turning now to the performance of our Medical business during the second quarter. We were pleased with the strong double-digit internal sales growth in local currencies. Trends in the physician, ambulatory, surgery center, alternate care and home care markets all continue to improve. We believe our medical sales continue to outpace market growth. Please take a look at the sales. Excluding COVID-type products, the internal growth of almost 8% is reflective of our growth in this market. As expected, sales of COVID test products have continued to decline. Although let me point out that in July, we did see a boost in demand. In the second quarter, infection rates, as I'm sure everyone on this call understands, generally subsided and pricing also declined accordingly. But we are seeing somewhat of a reversal of that trend. Our reduction in sales of tests, COVID tests in particular, the other tests that we sell are all doing quite well. It was partially offset by sales of PP&E products as well as other consumable and merchandise equipment to our medical customers. Generally, this business is doing quite well. We continue to expand our Medical business beyond core distribution with a differentiated - with differentiated solution offerings that service the low-acuity segments of the market, which of course, is the most cost-effective setting for delivery of health care. Our outlook for PPE demand in both Dental and Medical businesses remains unchanged. PPE sales have moderated from levels in the height of the pandemic, yet we expect demand to remain at elevated levels. While pricing will continue to moderate, we believe unit sales will be driven by new health care protocols that we do not expect will revert to lower pre-pandemic levels. We remain quite comfortable that from a unit point of view, our PPE sales will continue to remain at elevated levels. Before we end this call, I'd like to comment briefly on our progress with environmental, social and governance initiatives that we're undertaking, so-called ESG, area of focus for Henry Schein now for decades actually. It just wasn't called ESG when we started with these kinds of initiatives well over 3 decades ago. In May, we issued our latest annual sustainability report. Among a number of newly disclosed goals, we discussed our plans for compliance with Global Reporting Initiative, with the GRI, and the Sustainability Accounting Standard Board in 2022. The next couple of years, we also plan to report in line with the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures and to establish our science-based target. Recently, we hosted a panel with a number of ESG investors and analysts, also supply chain experts, and we participated in a panel hosted by IR Magazine discussing our work towards a diverse and inclusive workforce. You can find videos of these events as well as our CSR report on our website. So operator, we are ready to answer investor questions, please. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger: Maybe, Steve, can you just talk a little bit about gross margins? Very nice improvement year-over-year, but I know it's still down from the levels of a couple of years ago. What are your thoughts about how that metric trends in the second half and your ability to kind of get back to that close to 31% level?
Steven Paladino: Yes, John. We do believe that there is opportunity for a little bit of gross margin expansion. We did have some small inventory adjustments during the quarter. And I think everyone knows that supplier rebates is also lower than normal. So I would see an opportunity for some modest gross margin expansion for the balance of the year. And that will be driven by the elimination, again, of inventory adjustments completely as well as a favorable mix as the higher gross margin businesses are growing faster than the others.
John Kreger: That's great. And then can you just clarify the supply chain challenges you talked about in basic equipment? So that's hurting North America but not Europe? Is that correct? And why would that be?
Steven Paladino: Yes. I'll start and then maybe Stanley will want to add some comments. So the manufacturers that we're buying from in North America are generally different for traditional equipment than internationally. So the delays that we're seeing from the traditional manufacturers of chairs, delivery units and lights are impacted in North America and not internationally because of that. It's hard to tell, John, whether - how long this will take to be rectified by the manufacturers. It's related to raw materials that they're buying. We did say that we expect it to continue for the second half of this year, but it's really hard to tell. Stanley, do you want to add any more color to that?
Stanley Bergman: Sure, Steven. Thank you, John. A very important question. Let me just be clear that this relates to 1 sector and relates to U.S. manufacturers, 3 in particular, manufacturers of units, chairs and lights. Firstly, we are seeing strong demand for general equipment or equipment in general. And these particular manufacturers of these chairs, units and lights are experiencing significant demand, firstly, because of the elevated demand, but also because a manufacturer in this particular sector left the market. We are not experiencing any significant shortages in terms of supply on imaging equipment. In fact, we're doing okay in particular with 2D. There is no issue with delivery of CAD/CAM equipment at all, whether it's the scanners or the mills. And there are no issues with handpieces, for example. Sterilizers, available, may not be every brand in every quantity. But generally, that's fine. Again, I do want to stress that when looking at equipment sales, please take a couple of quarters into account and don't look at 1 quarter in particular. And as I pointed out, this is a U.S. issue. Canada seems to be doing okay. And Europe is fine, too. And Australia and New Zealand business, which is quite active in equipment, also has an adequate source of product.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson: Maybe two qualifier. One clarifying question, one question on guidance. Steve, just for clarification purposes. I think you gave a global Medical organic growth versus 2Q '19 ex PPE and the same international dental consumables versus 2Q '19 ex PPE. Did you give that for North America dental consumables? Just the organic growth versus 2 years ago ex PPE. That number would be helpful.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Let me see if I have it handy. I don't think I did give it on the call. You know what, I don't have the exact number, Jeff, but the medical international business is very small. So it's very similar, the global number, to the North American number. But I don't have the specific number handy.
Jeffrey Johnson: Yes. I'm sorry, Steve, I was asking North American dental consumables organic ex PPE.
Steven Paladino: Oh, North American dental consumables. Yes, I think we did say that.
Jeffrey Johnson: I heard a 9% number. I thought that was with PPE though. Maybe I'd misheard.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Let me check. I thought you were referring to Medical, my mistake, sorry. Hold on. Yes. So the North America compared to Q2 2019, the total was 11.5%, and excluding PPE and COVID-related products was 4.8%.
Jeffrey Johnson: 4.8%. That's all of North American dental or North American consumables?
Steven Paladino: That's consumables only, yes, because we're just...
Jeffrey Johnson: Yes. And just kind of understanding guidance. So Steve, if I look at the first half of this year, you're up 40% or even more than 40% relative to the first half of '19. It sounds like structurally, you expect PPE revenues this year to stay higher, even though they are coming down here a little bit sequentially higher than past years. Dental seems like it's bounced back. You've got organic growth versus 2 years ago, both Dental and Medical. But your second half guidance, I understand it's the floor, but it implies kind of a 20% decline versus the second half of '19. And conceptually, I can't wrap my mind around how you could get anywhere close to it being down, let alone down 20%. So understanding that's the floor, can you just kind of help us understand why you're setting the floor what seems to be a level that would suggest a pretty significant falloff versus the second half of '19?
Steven Paladino: Well, we're not really projecting a significant falloff. But there's a lot of uncertainties, a lot of moving parts. Similar to what we did in Q1, we gave a floor that we increased. We increased it $0.15 this quarter. I think there's opportunity for us, with the momentum of the business, to do much better than the floor. But right now, again, because of all the uncertainties, that's the way we're approaching it, Jeff. We see very good momentum in the business. But there's still a fair amount of uncertainties, that's why we're preparing it the way we are. And hopefully if things continue, you'll see us continue to raise the floor if things continue well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel.
Jonathan Block: I'm actually going to pick up where Jeff left off and maybe just take a different crack at it. The $3.85 you mentioned, a floor, but let me just sort of deconstruct it a little bit. It implies a 2H '21 op margin of mid-5% or so. You did high 7% in 1H. And to John Kreger's question, you mentioned maybe stable gross margins or even higher. So you sort of ran through the math, Steve, it implies OpEx of 24.5% in the back half of '21. Pre pandemic, it wasn't even that high, and that's off of a lower revenue base. So I know it's a lot to throw you in moving parts, but just directionally, can you elaborate on if the GMs are flat to up in the back half, why would we see sort of such an amount of deleverage in the OpEx line, especially relative to pre-pandemic levels? And then I promise my follow-up will be shorter.
Steven Paladino: That's okay, Jon. Yes. So I think you're looking at it the wrong way. We're not saying we're going to hit the floor. We expect to be ahead of that. So to do all your analytics at the floor, I think, is the long approach. What we just haven't said is how much above the floor we expect to be, and we haven't done that because, again, of all the uncertainties that are out there. So again, I would caution you not to do the analysis the way you're doing it and just to take the floor as the balance of the year, because we do expect to be above the floor, but we just haven't quantified how much at this point.
Jonathan Block: Okay. Fair enough. That's one. So maybe just to pivot, Stanley or Steven, inflationary costs, anything that you're seeing on a labor perspective? And if so, are you able to pass that through? And your ability to pass that through real time, if that is something that you are experiencing.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. On the inflation side, we have experienced some inflation on branded supplier products, of course, due to raw material shortages and increase in labor. We've seen some price increases in PP&E products. Well, those seem to be moderating now. Our private label is seeing some price inflation. We expect that this will moderate. Companies are getting back into full swing, have a lot of overtime they're incurring to catch up. So I think there's going to be some inflation. I think it's going to moderate, number one. Number two is we are passing a lot of this on to our customers. But where we see this as a short-term issue, we're not doing that. So we're not super worried, but there is some pressure here due to the supply chain not quite being back to where it was in 2019. Container costs are up. As I said, overtime is being incurred by manufacturers. So I don't think it's alarming at this point. And if it were sustained, we, of course, pass it on to our customers, but also work with manufacturers to contain this increase in costs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler.
Jason Bednar: Stan and Steve, you mentioned the belief that the shifting demand to scan-only options in the high-tech equipment side, on the CAD/CAM side, and how you expect those units to upgrade to full CAD/CAM capabilities in the future. Is that an indicator you're selling predominantly 1 manufacturer scanner over another or more a reflection of how you see the market evolving over time? And then do you sense the demand from dentists is at all being influenced by product positioning and promotions being offered by those manufacturers?
Stanley Bergman: That's a very good question. There is clearly a shift to digital dentistry. We've called this out for years now. I'm not saying it is a standard of use to use a scanner, but it's close to it. And I think in certain practices, value practices, say, and higher-value practices, I think the public is expecting scan only. They've heard about scan only from friends and relatives. So we are moving clearly in that direction. There's still a huge number of dentists that don't have scanners. And there are also a number of scanners - dentists that have scanners that have an older version. So there is quite a movement towards scanners. And I think dentists are investing in these scanners right now. We are comfortable that these scanners will, at some point, turn into full chairside, including CAD/CAM, in other words, adding a mill maybe a couple of quarters out, because dentists have a lot to spend money on now. But clearly, the chairside - clearly, the scanner is getting a lot of focus now. And I think it's going to be the case for the foreseeable future. And the full mill program will also gain momentum. Now we, of course, sell a number of major brand scanners and are growing with all our major brand scanners that are 1 or 2, 1 in particular that has a significance to actually market share from our point of view. They are all doing well. And there are fewer manufacturers of the machines, the chairside mills. And there, I think the market share relative between the 1 and the other of the 2 major ones we sell is about stable. The other area where we're seeing quite a bit of activity is with dental labs. We are the largest provider of dental laboratory products in the world and labs are clearly digitalizing as well. So we're quite optimistic about this category, and I wouldn't read anything into this particular quarter. This particular quarter, we happen to have a very strong quarter in scanners. But I wouldn't view that as any kind of negative outlook on full chairside mills - systems with mills.
Jason Bednar: All right. That's really great color, Stanley. Appreciate that. Just maybe one really quick follow-up on the supply chain challenges you were referencing on the basic equipment side. I mean this really sounds, as you framed it up, like a market-wide issue at the manufacturer level in terms of sourcing materials, which would suggest that business is simply just slipping into future quarters for you and others. But I guess just to clarify and to make sure, I mean has there been at all business that's moving to competitive distributors?
Stanley Bergman: No, no, no. On the contrary, our equipment business was very strong. Our backlog both in the United States or in North America and internationally is very strong. There is a bit - as I noted, there's 1 manufacturer that left the market in chairs, units and lights. That capacity had to be filled. Plus there is a demand in product. Dentists are investing in their practices. And so I see this as a demand increase coupled with a void that had to get filled, in particular with chairs, units and lights. But I wouldn't read anything else beyond that. And we are very, very comfortable with our equipment business, which is doing quite well with small practices, midsized practices and, of course, with the DSOs that are also investing heavily. So I won't read more into that than that. I'm referring to chairs, units, lights doing well. The imaging doing well, in particular, the 2D. And on CAD/CAM, at least for the last quarter, the scanners did well compared to the full. But I think, overall, the full will also pick up. And in Europe, we are not experiencing these supply chain issues and our equipment business is quite strong, again, with backlog, good backlogs in both the domestic and global markets. The equipment business is doing quite well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays.
Steven Valiquette: A couple of things. I guess first, it's kind of hard to think back to Q2 2019 for the dental industry, it feels like eons ago. But just regarding the international dental equipment growth of 16.6% this quarter versus 2Q '19, seems like a pretty strong number given that 2Q '19 was likely a tough comparison with the IDS trade show occurring in March of that year. Recall that Europe was strong in the second quarter of '19. I think Brazil was a drag for some reasons. I just want to get your quick thoughts on that comparison. And also related to IDS, with the trade show set to resume in September of this year, are you assuming the normal bump in international dental equipment sales in 4Q '21? Or could it be more water down just given the potential impact of COVID on the trade show dynamics?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. I don't have any specific projections in front of me. I don't know, Steven, whether we disclose this kind of information. But generally, 2 things. One is please understand that equipment sales can be lumpy, number one. But number two is dental equipment purchases and demand in the markets we're in is quite solid. You do reference Brazil. We did exit a part of the equipment market in Brazil. Essentially, we defocused certain manufacturers and have added other manufacturers. That was a 1- or 2-quarter issue. And our Brazil equipment are now, although not significant in the context of Henry Schein as a company, is doing quite well. But overall, I would say our equipment market is doing well. Dentists are investing in their practices. They want their practices to look and feel modern. Interest rates are helpful. Of course, when you look at all these numbers, you have to take into account tax situations. Who knows what exactly what is going to be the tax situation at the end of the - for the fourth quarter of 2021 in the United States? But generally, I would look at the trend and the trend for equipment sales domestically, Canada, mix up. North America and internationally is quite solid all around. And this particular supply chain issue will be dealt with. And these are quality manufacturers who will deal with the issue. And I expect to continue to see solid equipment growth in all categories going forward.
Operator: We have time for one last question from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: Maybe Steve to start, did M&A or FX have a significant impact on operating margins in the quarter? And then bigger picture, I mean there's been, looking at the last 2 quarters, a bit of volatility in the operating margin. And just how are you thinking about that trend for the back half of the year? Any thoughts you could kind of provide as we think about how to model that line would be helpful. And then Stanley, maybe turning to you. You highlighted the double-digit growth in North America consumables as well as international markets versus 2019. It would be great to get your thoughts on what you think momentum will look like on the 2-year basis in the back half of the year. And it sounds like there's still room for international markets to improve. I wonder if you could comment just on how far below baseline we still are in Europe and Asia.
Steven Paladino: Yes. I'll answer the first question, and then I'll turn it back to Stanley. Nathan, for the acquisition impact on Q2, negatively impacted our operating margin by 16 basis points. And I think people, just to remind people, the quarter you do acquisitions, you have deal costs, which drags the earnings. Plus typically, we don't get synergies immediately. It takes us generally a few quarters to get synergies and to improve the profitability of the acquired companies. But the impact was negative 16 basis points for the quarter.
Stanley Bergman: So the question on our international business. I think the international dental markets are quite strong. Germany is - has been strong throughout this period, that have a little bit of retraction there. But overall, it's quite strong. It's our biggest market in Europe. Parallels in size and scope to our Canadian business. And it's quite solid. Implants have done exceptionally well during this period of time. It's very important to us. Very profitable. We, I believe, sell more implants in Germany than anyone else. Our prices are reasonable, by the way. And France has been solid. Italy and Spain recovered. U.K. is still in the process of recovering. Other markets like the Netherlands are okay. But we are not fully back in terms of visits, 100% back to where we were in 2019. I think there are certain markets we are. We're close. But compared to the U.S. where we think the market - the patient visits are, on average, a little higher than '19, the data from the ADA doesn't contemplate exactly the right measurements for practices that are over 100% compared to '19 visits. Brazil is - has a high COVID rate, but we're particularly doing well. And Australia and New Zealand is pretty stable. But I would say in all these markets, there's still room to go, to get back to '19 outside of the U.S. And Henry Schein clearly is gaining market share. We've been working very hard in Europe for a long time and believe we have an outstanding management team in Europe and internationally as well. In Asia, we're growing, in Australia and New Zealand and, of course, Brazil. All with a very good management team, I'd say very stable and dynamic and excellent management team, which is driving our consumables and equipment business as well as our technology businesses. Our Medical business is relatively slow - small outside of the U.S., but is growing, added to management over there and investing in the business. So overall, we're quite optimistic about our international business. Carolynne, so is that it?
Carolynne Borders: Yes. Stanley, we're ready for closing remarks.
Stanley Bergman: Okay. Thank you, Carolynne. Thank you, Steven. Thank you all for participating. I think you've got the tone of the call, and that is, we feel very good with the progress we're making. Our strategies are being implemented. I wouldn't say every strategy is exactly the speed we want. But there are parts of the business that are exceeding expectations. And we're very optimistic about the future. I believe we have a very good management team in place. The strategies are good. We are putting the final touches to our 2022 to 2024 strategic plan. I would say more or less in line with what we've been focused on for the past few years. Of course, we had, like everyone, a bump in the road in 2020. But I would say largely recovered from that. Although I think it is important, as Steven outlined, to be aware that we are in the midst of a pandemic. So once that concern dissipates, I think we can even be more optimistic. But overall, the business is doing well. We're performing on our strategies. Management is highly motivated. The team, in general, is motivated. And the dental markets have recovered to a very large extent. And the medical markets, almost there. So we believe that the growth in the ultimate care sites, from our point of view, is the right place to be, and that's what we're focused on. And we're putting our capital to work, I think, in an intelligent way, splitting it between investments and stock repurchase. The business is throwing off a lot of cash. So quite optimistic, and thank you for your interest. Of course, Steven and Carolynne would be happy to answer specific questions. I think our investor website has more information as well. So thank you, and look forward to an update 3 months from now. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein’s Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, Regina, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein’s results for the 2021 first quarter. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company’s performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Risk Factors section of those filings. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company’s internal analysis and estimates. Our conference call remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures can be found in the Supplemental Information section of our Investor Relations website and in Exhibit B of today’s press release, which is available in the IR section of our website. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, May 4, 2021. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up during Q&A, to allow as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for this call. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone. I appreciate everyone calling in today. We’re obviously very pleased with what we view as an exceptional first quarter for our financial -- our global financial performance for the year 2021 versus the comparable period last year, but also versus the first quarter of 2019. These good results are based on excellent planning and execution across all of our businesses. Our team really came through for our customers, for our investors, for our suppliers during 2020 and now the first quarter of 2021. We also delivered very strong operating margins for the quarter. While end markets in most geographies still face challenges due to the ongoing pandemic, the overall global market recovery and our improving results have continued. Our positive momentum reflects the adaptiveness of our business model and, as I noted, a deep commitment of Team Schein Members across the board to our customers and, in fact, the communities that we serve. Throughout these unprecedented times, Henry Schein has remained focused on the safety of our team above all and, yes, responding to our customers’ needs, which were extremely varied across the world and went up and down as dynamics changed in an extremely dynamic environment. We, of course, continued to drive innovation across the platform. We gained market share, enhancing our margin and, yes, focused on optimizing our cost structure as we have for many years. We believe all this positions us well to continue to drive earnings growth and create value over the long run. Our steady way in which we’ve driven the business for decades remains very much intact with very good momentum. In line with improving end market conditions, in the fourth quarter of 2020, we resumed acquisition activity. We have a lot of activity going on. Of course, no deal is completed until it’s actually signed and inked and will then be reported on. In the first quarter of 2021, we closed 5 acquisitions across our Dental, Medical and Technology and Value-Added Services businesses, across basically the company with the aggregate sales of nearly $140 million, reflecting our commitment to a balanced strategy that supplements solid organic growth with acquisition contributions. In addition, during the first quarter, we resumed share repurchases. The bottom line is that our solid cash flow enables us to invest in our business, reflecting our goal to continue to deliver an attractive return on capital. I will remind shareholders that we’re into our 26th year as a public company, reflecting compounded annual growth of 12% on a non-GAAP basis and an increase in stock price of a similar number over this period on a compounded annual growth basis. Now returning to the current moment. The latest survey data published by the American Dental Association for U.S. -- for the U.S. shows that dental practices are approximately 87% of pre-COVID-19 patient volume, a data point that continues to improve, and we are experiencing improvements throughout the system, specifically in the U.S. The ADA remains bullish on the outlook for the dental profession in the months ahead as vaccinations likely hit a tipping point. The ADA also recently issued a report of partnering with Back to Normal Barometer to gain insights on customer sentiments related to dentistry. The survey found that a vast majority of patients who have not already visited dentists this past year are ready to return. As you know, we also closely monitor Henry Schein U.S. Dental eClaims data as a directional indicator. And we have a decent amount market share of that data -- of those claims processes -- claims processed. This data continues to show that patients are returning to practices for a broad set of oral care procedures and, most recently, including the hygiene arena. In addition, our medical customers have been resilient throughout this pandemic, and we are committed to helping our practitioners, both dental and medical, ensure patients can safely return to routine care as well as elective procedures and, of course, nonelective procedures. As COVID-19 cases decline and more people are vaccinated, we expect to see traffic -- patient traffic to physician offices and ambulatory surgery centers normalized, although I must stress that we’re not back to where we were with elective ambulatory surgical procedures. There’s a lot published on this. And also the normal rate of vaccinations by our practitioners is somewhat down since the volume, including pediatric visits, is down. But it’s slowly catching up to the 2019 volumes. Henry Schein has been deeply involved in efforts to promote more effective participation of primary care physicians and other office-based practitioners, including dentists in many states, who are allowed to administer the vaccination, and we are committed to driving vaccination rates nationwide with a particular focus on office-based practitioners. While many states provide these practitioners with access to the vaccine, it is extremely difficult and a complex process for office-based practitioners to receive an allotment of these vaccines. And at present, only about 1/3 of primary care physicians are able to offer the vaccine to their patients across the nation. COVID-19 vaccination efforts to get shots in the arms of the U.S. citizens have been quite extraordinary thus far. However, we also recognize that the country is now in a race against the variants. We continue to see equity challenges in the uptake of the vaccine, and there continues to be high rate of vaccine hesitancy in some areas of the country. We also recognize that the nation will swiftly need to prepare for delivery of booster vaccines and, yes, pediatric vaccination. Henry Schein has been working closely with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, FEMA, CDC, state and local authorities urging authorities to more effectively include primary care physicians and other office-based practitioners, as I noted, including dentists, by utilizing the existing and well-established distribution network to deliver vaccine to these providers. As part of this effort, we recently submitted the letter to the U.S. House Select Committee on the corona crisis. We firmly believe that primary care physicians are a vital resource in the COVID vaccination effort because the high level of trust they enjoy amongst patients, the understanding of patients’ health history and personal circumstances and their physical presence in every community around the country. The vast network of physicians and dentists in the U.S. can be immediately activated and, of course, literally overnight, more effectively advocating -- activating the cadre of health professionals who are highly trusted leaders in their communities to vaccinate Americans through their practices. This is critical at this moment in the country’s vaccination efforts to help overcome hesitancy, to address at-risk populations, reduce health inequities and ultimately ensure more patients are vaccinated. At the same time, more must be done to help other countries that face shortages of these critical vaccines, as equitable global access is crucial to ending the pandemic and the safety of the world’s population, including Americans. Through our work with the World Economic Forum and our partnership with the Pandemic Supply Chain Network, Henry Schein has been working to support COVAX, the international entity led by CEPI, Gavi and the World Health Organization and Unicef to accelerate access to the COVID vaccine in low and middle-income countries around the world. So the business is in good shape. We continued to have very good momentum. We’ve been reporting on our results throughout this period in a little bit more detail than in the past, and continued to be very optimistic with the direction of the pandemic at the moment, although there are some setbacks in countries like India. And we are well positioned -- continued to be well positioned to help combat the pandemic and at the same time increase shareholder value. With that, I’ll hand the call over to Steven to discuss our quarterly financial performance, and I’ll provide some additional commentary on current business conditions and our markets. Steven, please.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to everyone. As we begin, I’d like to point out that I will be discussing our results from continuing operations as reported on a GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis. Our Q1 2021 and Q1 2020 non-GAAP results exclude certain items that are detailed in Exhibit B of today’s press release, and in the Supplemental Information section of our Investor Relations website. Please note that we have again included corporate sales category for Q1 that represents prior year sales to Covetrus under the transitional services agreement, which concluded in the fourth quarter of 2020. Turning now to our financial results. Total net sales for the quarter ended March 27, 2021, were $2.9 billion, reflecting growth of 20.4% compared with the prior period. Internally generated sales were up 14.9% in local currencies. And again, you could find details of our sales performance contained in Exhibit A of our earnings press release. On a GAAP basis, our operating margin for the first quarter of 2021 was 7.9%, representing an increase of 70 basis points compared with the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, our operating margin was 8.4%, which was an increase of 104 basis points on a year-over-year basis. And it’s important to note, we’re really very pleased with our non-GAAP operating margin performance, which was the highest quarterly margin that we’ve achieved in the last 5 years. Again, a reconciliation of GAAP operating margin to non-GAAP operating margin can be found in the Supplemental Information page on the Investor Relations page of our website. Turning to taxes. Our reported effective tax rate on a GAAP basis for the first quarter of 2021 was 25.1%. This compares to 22.4% GAAP effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2020. On a non-GAAP basis, our effective tax rate was also 25.1% and compares to the prior year of 22.5%. A reconciliation of GAAP effective tax rate to non-GAAP effective tax rate is again included in the Supplemental Information page on the Investor Relations site of our website. We expect the effective tax rate to continue to be in the 25% range, both on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, for the remainder of the year. And of course, this assumes no significant changes in tax legislation. Moving on, our GAAP net income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein for the first quarter of 2021 was $166.0 million or $1.16 per diluted share. This compares with the prior year GAAP net income from continuing operations of $130.5 million or $0.91 per diluted share. Non-GAAP net income from continuing operations for the first quarter of 2021 was $177.7 million or $1.24 per diluted share, and this compares with the same non-GAAP net income from continuing operations in the first quarter of 2020 of $134.1 million or $0.94 per diluted share. To provide a little bit more detail, amortization from acquired intangible assets for Q1 2021 was $29.7 million pretax or approximately $0.13 per diluted share. This is up slightly from $26.8 million or the same $0.13 per diluted share in the same period last year. Also, foreign currency exchange favorably impacted our Q1 ‘21 diluted EPS by approximately $0.02 per share. Let me now provide some detail on the sales results for the quarter, starting with global dental. Our global dental sales of $1.8 billion grew 21.3% compared with the same period last year, and internal sales growth of 13.7% in local currencies. Our global dental consumable merchandise internal sales increased by 13.2% in local currencies in the first quarter, and if you were to exclude PPE and COVID-19-related products, the sale increase was 10.9%. We experienced very solid dental consumable merchandise sales growth in the U.S., Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Brazil, Asia and throughout most of Europe. In Europe, we saw a particular strength in France, the Netherlands, Belgium, Italy and to a lesser extent, in Germany. However, the U.K. continued to experience lower sales as that country is just recently easing lockdown measures. In North America, the dental internal sales growth in local currencies was 10.9% and included 9.3% in dental consumable merchandise or 6.9% when excluding PPE and COVID-19 related products. Our North American dental equipment sales internal growth in local currencies was 17.4% and was driven by 31.6% internal sales growth in local currencies for high-tech equipment and also strong growth in traditional equipment, which was 10.6%. Our international dental sales growth in local currencies was 17.9% and included 19.2% growth in dental consumable merchandise, which is 16.7% growth when you exclude PPE and COVID-related products. International dental equipment internal sales growth in local currencies was 12.9% in Q1 and was driven by strength in France, Italy, Austria, as well as Australia and New Zealand and the Netherlands and Brazil. We experienced 14.8% internal sales growth in local currencies in traditional equipment in the international market and high-tech equipment grew 10.3%. Our global dental specialty revenue in the first quarter totaled $222 million and had internal growth of 18.3% in local currencies versus the prior year. The growth was split between North America, which was up 19.3%, and internationally, up 15.7%. So very strong growth across the globe. Global Medical sales during Q1 were $993 million, which grew 24% compared to the same period last year, including internal sales growth of 22.1% in local currencies. That 22.1% includes 22.4% increase in North America and 12.6% internationally. Our Medical sales results were driven by strong demand for PPE and COVID-related products. Excluding sales of these products, Global Medical internal sales in local currencies was down 6.8%. But this was, in part, resulting from an extremely mild influenza season that impacted both diagnostics and consumable merchandise sales as well as lower pharmaceutical sales related to fewer patient office visits related to COVID-19. We sold over $180 million of COVID-19 test kits in Q1, including some multi-assay flu and COVID-19 combination test. This compares with approximately $270 million in test kits in the fourth quarter. That said, we expect COVID-19 test kits to decline somewhat, primarily as a result of unit price erosion. Turning to Technology and Value-Added Service. Sales during Q1 were $143 million, an increase of 8.4% compared with the prior year, including internal growth in local currencies of 3.6%. In North America, the internal sales growth was 4% driven by the Henry Schein One business as well as strong financial services revenue, which benefited from double-digit equipment sales growth. Internationally, Technology and Value-Added Service internal sales grew 1.1% compared with the prior year. Again, the prolonged lockdown in the U.K. impacted our international business again this quarter. As Stanley mentioned earlier, we resumed our share repurchases in Q1 and purchased approximately 1.3 million shares of common stock at an average price of $66.90 for a total of $88.7 million. The impact of this repurchase program on the first quarter EPS was immaterial. At the end of the first quarter, Henry Schein had $112.6 million authorized and available for future repurchases of common stock. Okay. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow. We have access to significant liquidity to provide flexibility and financial stability. Our operating cash flow from continuing operations for the first quarter was $63.3 million. That compares to $78.8 million in the first quarter of last year. This modest year-over-year decrease was primarily due to higher working capital requirements, partially offset by increased net income. As part of our previously disclosed restructuring initiative, we recorded a pretax charge in Q1 of $2.9 million or $0.02 per diluted share. This is, again, a charge related primarily to severance pay and facility closing costs and reflects opportunities to continue to reduce expenses and drive operating efficiencies and mitigate stranded costs. Let me now conclude my remarks by updating our 2021 non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance. At this time, we are not providing GAAP diluted EPS guidance, as we are unable to provide an accurate estimate of expenses related to the restructuring that I just mentioned. We are raising the guidance for 2021 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein. And now we expect that floor, and it’s important to note that it’s a floor, of $3.70, and that compares to the previous floor that we had issued at $3.51. Again, remember, this is not traditional guidance where we typically give a range. This is really effectively the low end of the range and the floor, and we hope to continue to update guidance as the year progresses. Keep in mind that our guidance for 2021, non-GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is for continuing operations as well as completed or previously announced acquisitions, but does not include the impact of share repurchases, potential future acquisitions, if any, or restructuring expenses. Guidance also assumes that foreign exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels, that the end markets remain stable and are consistent with current market conditions and, of course, does not assume any material adverse market conditions related to COVID-19 pandemic. So with that, I’d like to turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Last quarter, we discussed our One Schein initiative, which is a unified go-to-market approach that enables practitioners to work synergistically with Henry Schein’s medical and dental supply chain, equipment sales and service, specialty businesses, Henry Schein One, and other value-added services. This allows our customers to leverage the combined value that we offer through a unique approach to managing customer engagement. Given our position as a large-scale distributor to both dental and medical practitioners, we are uniquely positioned to deliver value to our large customers by leveraging best practices and customer engagement and support while realizing internal synergies across our distribution businesses through common functions, processes and systems. We refer to these activities internally and related external and -- we refer to these activities and related external and internal benefits as One Schein. That’s how we refer to it internally. So we have -- sorry, One Distribution, sorry. We have One Schein, which really provides the customers with a unique experience, and One Distribution, which focuses on our internal infrastructure so that we can provide our customers with a unique experience. The benefit for our customers that purchase broadly across both dental and medical product categories, such as DSOs, for example, IDNs, large group practices, the government community health centers and other enterprise organizations is a more streamlined interface for formulary construction, RFP management, contract compliance, analytics and, yes, commission processing. For example, a large DSO customer will benefit from our expertise and resources addressing challenges that we have already solved for the medical customers such as onboarding new practices, promoting formulary compliance, rebate negotiations and efficient order processing. DSOs benefit from our ability to deliver a specialty offering like implants, bone regeneration products, orthodontics, endodontics, all in combination with our distribution platform. And the same applies to Henry Schein One software solutions, which can be combined with the distribution offering, consumables equipment, our specialty products, all providing customers with a unique experience through One Schein and through efficiencies internally through One Distribution. They also benefit from our capabilities, our customers, that address distribution value-added services needed from one source. In fact, we believe that a number of our recent DSO wins were attributable to the unique value proposition offered by our One Schein strategy. Now let’s spend a few minutes on the distribution side, looking more closely at our Dental distribution. Our first quarter Dental performance experienced, of course, strong sales growth in both North America and our international markets, including significant growth in North America dental equipment sales versus the fourth quarter of 2020. We experienced broad-based sales growth in North America and international dental consumable merchandise as the dental end markets have continued to improve. So now, let’s take a brief look at our specialty businesses. How does this fit in? As Steven noted, our global dental specialties generated double-digit year-over-year sales growth as we further penetrated these key specialty markets, both domestically and internationally. We also had a number of key strategic developments in each of these product categories. Our implants and oral surgery business, this is the largest of these 3 business units, including in our dental specialty business. This implants and oral surgery business unit experienced solid double-digit growth in the first quarter with significant contribution from BioHorizons and CAMLOG from specifically their implant lines. Sales growth in the U.S. was driven by new product introductions, growth with DSO customers, and also by a digital CAD/CAM related solution for implant procedures. New product launches include our progressive implant line across Europe, Canada and more recently, the U.S., as well as our Tapered Pro implant and NovoMatrix reconstruction tissue solutions. On the endodontic side, just a brief note. In the first quarter, the strength was driven by DSO -- by the DSO customer segment as well as by the launch of several nickel titanium products across the endo platform. In the orthodontic market, we continued to see a steady improvement in both orthodontic case volume and revenue, as dental practice patient volumes have improved. While our Reveal and SLX Clear Aligner business is currently a small portion of total dental sales, we believe this business will have a more meaningful contribution to growth over the long term. It’s steady progress. We have expanded to offer Reveal in over 20 international markets, including recent launches in France and Poland, and we anticipate launching in several additional markets this year, including Ireland, Italy and Spain. Importantly, we continued to invest in advancing our orthodontic treatment software, including scanner integration, delivery -- delivering an intuitive solution that streamlines case submissions, clinical reviews and treatment tracking. We continue to invest further in innovation as we develop an enhance treatment solutions for these markets. And we expect patient volume across our Dental business to continue to improve over time as infection rates decline. That’s, I think, a global statement. So let’s just now focus a little bit on Henry Schein One. This is highlighted within our Technology and Value-Added Services business. Henry Schein One sales continued to improve towards prepandemic levels and our investment in R&D and our teams continue to make good progress in the area of our Henry Schein One business. In the first quarter of 2021, we introduced a number of new products, enhancements, including new Dentrix imaging software, tools for processing insurance remittances and calculating payment adjustments, marketing campaign enhancements for the Lighthouse 360 platform and an online booking feature for our Sesame, that’s primarily an orthodontic business software for those websites. Importantly, we are more closely aligning our Henry Schein One and Henry Schein Dental teams through the -- through our Henry Schein -- through our One Schein program, bringing together Henry Schein One and Henry Schein Dental teams to promote bundled solutions aimed at improving customer experience, retention and most importantly, practice efficiency. And this is, of course, primarily through digital integration. Now the Medical distribution business. If you look at the performance of the Medical distribution business, you will see why we are pleased with the strong double-digit sales growth in the first quarter. This was driven by PP&E and COVID-19 test sales. Similar to the dental end markets, we expect the physician ambulatory surgical center, alternate care home health markets to improve over time as infection levels abate and patient volumes normalize. We also have a focus on workplace health and sports medicine on both of those segments in the U.S., which is as important as employers consider cost-effective means for employee wellness. Our plans offer employers diagnostic testing support, PP&E and return-to-work consultation. Overall, our solutions portfolio remains a focus beyond traditional medical supplies. This includes a comprehensive telemarketing platform in the medical arena, a cybersecurity solution for health care that we offer to physicians and medical practices, and a digital diabetes care initiative. I’d like to point out that while PP&E sales have begun to moderate from recent quarterly growth levels in both Dental and Medical, both sides of the house, we anticipate that PP&E sales will remain at elevated levels as dentists and physicians implement new standards of care, new best practices as related to infection control. And so we do see this demand for PP&E products to continue, although there will be pricing deflation in several areas, but the units will continue to be relatively strong. So now, operator, if there’s any questions, we can handle them. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jeff Johnson: Can you hear me okay?
Stanley Bergman: Yes, Jeff. Go ahead.
Jeff Johnson: Great. So I wanted to start first on your operating margin. Obviously, the 8% operating margin was a big improvement sequentially, but also relative to 1Q, both last year and even relative to 2019’s 1Q. Steve, when I look at kind of your floor guidance, and I understand it’s floor, but it seems to imply operating margin maybe falling back down to the low 7s, maybe even a little bit below 7% over the balance of this year. Just, one, help us understand the drivers of the 1Q improvement and then how to think maybe sequentially the next few quarters on the operating margin line?
Steven Paladino: Yes, Jeff, thanks for the question. We had an extraordinary quarter in sales, and that drove the operating margin. We continued to look at driving expenses down, but we’re not giving specific guidance on margins. But I think it’s important to note, this is a 5-year high, this operating margin of 8.40%. So I think it will moderate, but we’re not going to give specifics at this time on that. We’re continuing to look at reducing expenses. Some expenses will come back later in the year, we’re estimating, like travel, like conventions and some other things. But we’re still very pleased and we still think long term we have a significant opportunity to continue to expand operating margins annually.
Jeff Johnson: Fair enough. And maybe just as a quick follow-up. When I look at your Dental business, Steve or Stan, and look at kind of relative to 2019 and try to exclude the PPE, it looks to me like your core dental revs ex that PPE and COVID testing is probably up about 6% to 8% relative to 1Q ‘19. So are we sustainably back to core dental being above 2019 levels? Was there something in 1Q that might be a little bit of a head fake there? Just how to think about the next few quarters, again, knowing that you’re not guiding on revenue either? Are we sustainably above kind of the ‘19 levels of core dental?
Steven Paladino: Yes. First, Jeff, your estimate on growth is pretty accurate over 2019. I think that there’s a couple of things that will reduce sales growth a little bit. Stanley mentioned PPE prices moderating, including COVID test kits moderating. But we still feel that we’ll have solid growth over 2019 because the market is continuing to improve, again, 87% patient traffic in the U.S. Hopefully, that will continue to climb up. So we’re feeling pretty good about sales growth in Dental as well as Medical for the balance of the year.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Let me just add something, a comment from a macro point of view, Jeff. We’re feeling pretty good about the global dental market. It’s bounced back, particularly strong in some of the specialty areas, at least in our business. The only caution we have to add is, we’re in the midst of a pandemic. The pandemic is not finished. We saw what -- we can see what’s going on in India and a number of other parts of the world. This could all come back. So I don’t want to be a negative cloud over the dental industry or our performance as a company. But assuming things continue, assuming we do not have any major setbacks because of COVID, I remain extremely bullish about the dental markets. In particular, there is a growing understanding amongst payers that there’s a direct correlation between good oral care and good health care. I expect that governments around the world will recognize this. It will be greater reimbursement for dentistry. Can’t say it’s going to be next quarter. But I think we can continue to be relatively bullish about the dental market with one big footnote. No one knows where this virus is going. And that’s the basis under which Steven gave guidance at a floor. And we just can’t give guidance on the upside because we just don’t know where this virus is going to take us. The virus will, at some point, be over though.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore.
Elizabeth Anderson: My first question would be on the implant market. It seems like you guys have noticed that, obviously, an uptick as we’re coming out of, hopefully, the pandemic. Is that sort of just a reflection of the return of volumes? Or do you see any kind of increasing competitive sources in the implant industry broadly, both -- maybe if you could comment both on this sort of -- any particular geographies or products?
Stanley Bergman: I would say, in general -- it’s a good question. Thank you for that question. The implant mount markets have been pretty steady across the world. Remember, our strength is in the U.S., in Canada and in Germany. Of course, we’re active in a number of other countries, including Japan, some business, of course, in China. But in the markets I mentioned that we are strong in, the markets are pretty good. But I would also say that we have been pretty productive in those markets. We’ve gained market share, and this has been going on now for quite a few years. So our -- whereas the markets are strong, we believe our market share has grown with our premium line, which is the BioHorizons, CAMLOG lines, and with our discount line, the Mega Dental -- Medentis, I mean, knowing full well that the markets we’re in are not necessarily growing as fast as some of the developing world markets. But in the markets we’re in, we’re doing quite well. I think that may be, to some extent, related to Henry Schein’s uniqueness in those markets. But overall, one can say that the implant markets are doing okay and that there is a focus on more expensive dentistry right now.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. That’s helpful. And can you talk about specifically some of your expectations throughout the year for the -- in the Medical business, maybe particularly on what you’re assuming around flu in the fourth quarter? And then anything else in terms of changes to COVID vaccines?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. I -- it’s also a good question. On the Medical side, our Medical business has done well for several years in the base business, which is consumables, generally pharmaceuticals and equipment. There are a number of variables that are market or economy or public health dependent. The first is vaccinations. I’m not talking about the COVID vaccine now, I’m talking about general vaccination. The rate of visits to physician offices for these standard vaccinations is down. I expect -- and remember, the focus for us in the vaccination area is the United States. I expect as the COVID rates go down, more people will visit the doctor’s office for their traditional vaccines, and that part of the business will grow once again. It’s down quite a bit right now. The second relates to flu -- the traditional flu. We shipped our traditional flu vaccines pretty early in the cycle in 2020. It was slightly above the previous year. I think it is fair to say, all things being equal, unless something comes out in the press that it’s not a good idea to have a traditional flu vaccine, I expect that, that will continue in the 2021, 2022 vaccine period -- flu vaccine period, which is generally sometime between August and October. Then there’s the flu test, the traditional flu test. This is an area where there have been -- where there’s been a significant issue. And of course, it’s good for the public because the traditional flu was almost nonexistent this year. So we didn’t sell many tests, hardly sold any, in fact. And who knows where that’s going to end up in ‘20 -- at the end of ‘21, early ‘22. I have to expect, as people wear less masks going towards the end of the year, as COVID mitigates further that there will be an increase in those tests and then back to ‘19 and ‘18 levels. And then the other area is, of course, the COVID test. The price of -- firstly, we are focused on the point-of-care rapid test. I think that there will be a continued demand for those tests, but the prices have come down substantially, both for the PCR and the antigen test. So factoring all of that in, you may have some volatility in our Medical business. Having said that, the core business is doing quite well as procedures move from the acute care setting into the physician’s office, into the ambulatory care centers, and expect that this will recover as the public gets confidence in returning to the physician offices for traditional visits for their vaccinations and to the ambulatory surgical centers for elective surgery.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays.
Steven Valiquette: So in some of our recent channel checks, there’s been some conjecture that over the past couple of quarters that the large dental distributors are taking some market share back from smaller competitors in the U.S. market, driven by just more focus on greater expertise, demand from distributor partners and no longer just buying on price but also just some bundling of products tethered to PPE orders. I guess, it seems once again china is growing, U.S. dental sales much faster than the market. Just curious if you have a little more thoughts around that, whether your market share gains are coming from smaller competitors versus other sources?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. It’s very difficult, Steve, to give you precise information on where our sales are coming from. But I could make a couple of general statements. The first is that we believe that the high-touch model is most appropriate for dentists. We provide all the online capabilities that are normal -- let’s say, a traditional online-only provider provides. When I say traditional, these are online providers, have not been around that many years. But whatever they can offer in terms of online purchasing, we can offer. Our prices are competitive for customers that essentially use us as a primary supplier. And recent investment in TDSC confirms that if customers want to buy only from an online supplier, it’s available. We have good software there. We’re doing okay in sales. I don’t see a huge switch overnight to any one sector, whether it’s traditional or it’s online only. Over the long run, I believe that our customers will appreciate the work that full service does. Our DSOs, obviously, are a little bit more sophisticated buyers. They understand that. This whole idea of consumables equipment, specialty products and the offering of Henry Schein One altogether is a compelling offering. I think the part of the market that relates to discount purchasing and quotes, not necessarily at a discount price but perceived discount, will continue to be there at similar rates, maybe it’ll move a few percent one way or the other. But from a Henry Schein point of view, I feel confident that we will continue to gain overall market share in our Dental business as we have had -- as we have for decades. And -- but I don’t see massive shifts one way or the other. Of course, PP&E was a unique situation. I know, from Henry Schein point of view, we were extremely conservative with the quality and the regulatory process that we went through on each PP&E product we sold. I’m not sure that was the case amongst every -- amongst the rest of the distribution channels, whether it was full service or digital only. I just don’t know. But we are very, very conservative. And there were products probably that we could have bought and sold that we refused to do based on our standards. So that may have moved some product to different channels.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. That’s helpful. Just one quick follow-up question on guidance. So I think we all recognize that the $3.70 EPS number is a floor, but with $1.24 posted in 1Q, you’d have to have EPS fall back down into the $0.80 to $0.85 range on average over the next 3 quarters for EPS to end up somewhere around that floor. I know you mentioned this conservatism around the pandemic, but just sequentially, is there anything -- any 1 or 2 things we should focus on the most that would cause EPS to go down sequentially in 2Q versus the trends just posted in 1Q?
Steven Paladino: Well, Steve, a, you’re right. It’s a floor. But remember also, I think Q1, the estimates for the quarter were low compared to the full year estimates. I think a lot of the analysts assumed a significant increase going forward in estimates, and that’s why there’s such a big beat in Q1. But we don’t see anything structurally changing going forward. I don’t want to give specific guidance for Qs 2, 3 and 4. But structurally, we see the market and the business still faring well. And again, it’s a floor, so hopefully, we’ll do better than that floor.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel.
Jon Block: Stanley or Steven, maybe just the first one, equipment results in Dental were big in the quarter. And they could be lumpy. You guys have called that out in the past. But last quarter, I think you alluded to a solid pipeline or backlog, and we sort of saw that manifest, I’d argue, in the first quarter numbers. So maybe if you could just comment on how the backlog for equipment looks as you guys go into the second and third quarters, that would be great. And then I’ve just got a quick follow-up.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Our backlog is pretty good. Of course, our customers really are investing in their practices. This is not only, by the way, in North America but internationally. So as of now, our backlog is pretty strong. And just remember that the backlog only represents a portion of what’s expected to ship in the second quarter. There’s a portion of equipment sales that will not be in the backlog, that it just generated each day. But generally, the backlog has been pretty good now for a couple of quarters. And there’s a significant desire by practitioners in the United States, Canada and the rest of the world to invest in their practices.
Jon Block: Okay, great. And then maybe just as a follow-up, Steven, just to push you a little bit on the gross margin details. I mean gross margins were huge in the quarter. They were up, I believe, over 300 bps sequentially. Can you give a little bit more color on what we should attribute the sequential improvement to? In other words, is it a big move in the margins on PPE? Is it underlying? Is it mix shift? Just how we should sort of think through that and maybe how sustainable this is going forward?
Steven Paladino: Yes, Jon. I think the gross margins improved for a few reasons. One is mix, but two, lower inventory adjustments than we’ve had previously, which is something we talked about that we would have lower inventory adjustments. And I do think that going forward, say, for mix changes, we feel good about the gross margin level and where it’s at.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger: Stan, I think you mentioned at the beginning of the call that you made 5 acquisitions during the quarter, assuming I heard that right. Can you just elaborate on what you bought? And thinking about the rest of the year, is your head more around kind of pushing into new geographies, adding scale in existing geographies or maybe going after new brands? Just maybe help us understand where your priorities are.
Stanley Bergman: All right, John. On the acquisitions that we’ve made, they’re relatively small sales, not a huge amount of capital put to work. And so I’m not sure we -- I don’t even have all the information with me right now, but they’re really all over the entire platform, small acquisitions throughout the platform. As to the future, we will continue to invest, as you note, in expanding our distribution business around the world. Yes, there will be some geographic expansion. But the big focus is on value-added services, anything we can invest in that makes sense to help our customers operate a more efficient practice so that they can provide better clinical care will be on that list. Specialty product businesses, both in terms of geographic expansion and a little bit more tonnage in that regard, but also to add additional features to our product lines. And Henry Schein One, to expand on that platform. I think that is another area of great interest to us. So it’s really across the board. Of course, we never know when the deals will close. We have a history of adding to our platform and supplementing our internal growth with equity position growth for 30 years its worth. And at the moment, we don’t see any massive acquisition, but it’s a consistent addition of businesses across the platform in each of our business growth.
John Kreger: That’s helpful. And then one quick follow-up. Over the past year, you’ve called out supply chain disruptions and shortages. How do those stand at this point?
Stanley Bergman: At this very moment, we can get anything we really want. We don’t necessarily have every brand in the quantities we would like, but I would say that in general, there’s availability of all the -- all the products we need. There are some manufacturers that have not fully come back yet to matching our purchase orders with their shipments. I would say that most manufacturers have an issue in one way or another. I don’t think we felt necessarily the disruption that you may read about in the paper as it relates to certain semiconductors or whatever, chips. But there are some manufacturers -- I would say, across the board, there are manufacturers that don’t -- can’t ship everything we want. But generally, we can get products in every category. We may have to substitute, and that requires a lot of discussion with customers. I think this is one of the reasons why dentists and physicians appreciate full service distributors, because we can provide the guidance on dislocations in the marketplace. Having said that, I still remain very concerned with the global PP&E structure. It’s not fully worked out yet. Providing subsidies to build a factory in the U.S. doesn’t mean that those factories are going to be operational when the prices return to pre-COVID competitive purchasing, U.S. versus global pricing. So right now, we’re okay, but there is a lot of work to be done on the global PP&E and other supply chain matters.
Operator: Your final question will come from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: I’ll ask both my questions upfront. I wanted to go back to the PPE and COVID-related revenues. I think across Dental and Medical in the first quarter were about $370 million. But I’d imagine that kind of run rate coming out of the quarter is less, just given your comments around pricing. So Steve, I don’t know if you can maybe help us think about how much pricing has come down recently as we think about sort of the right run rate for PPE and COVID testing over the balance of the year? And can you also remind us what the margin is on those products? And how you would expect margins to change as the sales volumes moderate over the balance of the year?
Steven Paladino: Sure, Nathan. So on PPE pricing, it depends on the product category. Some protect categories are declining relatively significantly, namely the COVID tests and others are kind of really just normalizing a bit. I would say though that we continue to expect the margins for COVID and PPE products to be similar to average margins that we have in the business group, whether it’s Dental or Medical. So we see the margins continuing, but the sales price may come down. The sales may come down even though the units will stay probably high.
Operator: At this time, I’ll turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, operator. Thank you all for calling in. Thank you for the good questions. Appreciate the interest. As we’ve been saying for a long time, we really are confident in our core business, and the additions we’ve added, our foundation, our strategy of focusing on high-touch, full-service dental and medical services, the variety of consumables equipment and pharmaceuticals that we sell, supplemented with our specialty medical and dental products, our software offerings through Henry Schein One and we have a small offering in the medical world, as well as our value-added services. So we’re optimistic that we will continue to deliver good internal growth rates, supplemented by acquisitions, adding more to our platform, driving up sales, operating margin and EPS. We’re committed, as Steven noted, to continuing to buy back stock in moderation as we have for many years, a good way to return capital to our shareholders in a tax advantage way. And so the team is -- morale is high. I believe the management team in each of our businesses is very good and corporate. So I thank you for your interest. And we will have some meetings with investors over the next few days, few weeks. Happy to answer further questions. So thank you very much. And if you have any questions, please reach out to Carolynne Borders or to Steven directly, and they’ll be happy to answer your questions. So thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today’s call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-17 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Fourth Quarter 2020 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein’s Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, Regina, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the 2020 fourth quarter and full year. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the Risk Factors section of those filings. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end-market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. Our conference call remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods, where certain items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures can be found in the supplemental information section of our Investor Relations website and in Exhibit B of today's press release, which is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, February 17, 2021. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up during Q&A, to allow as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for this call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Good morning. Thank you, Carolynne. Thank you all for participating in today's call. Against the backdrop of the most challenging year in our history, due to the COVID pandemic, with unprecedented human toll and economic impact worldwide, we were successful in supporting practices that were initially open for emergency services and also assisting customers preparing to restore practices to increased operating capacity as restrictions eased. Henry Schein's unwavering focus on our customers, along with our resilience and agility, enabled us to deliver fourth quarter total sales growth of 18.6%, capping off record total sales for the second half of 2020, as our end markets have rebounded. Our teams are working tirelessly to execute against our plans. We recognize the commitment and sacrifice of Team Schein members globally and wish to sincerely thank the team for the continued commitment the team brings to Henry Schein each day. Dental patient traffic has remained at stable levels compared to the third quarter of 2020, even in countries experiencing more stringent lockdown rules with the exception of the U.K. To date, the overall recovery is continuing. Specifically in the United States, the latest survey data published by American Dental Association for U.S. shows that dental practices are at close to 80% of pre-COVID patient volumes. That's patient traffic. These patient volumes represent a slight increase over the past couple of months of ADA survey data, which we believe is reasonably accurate. Henry Schein's U.S. dental e-claims data also show that patients continue to return for a broad set of oral care procedures. We also believe overall patient volumes in Medical are still at relatively stable levels. In fact, we are pleased to report that for the second quarter in a row, our global medical business has achieved over $1 billion in quarterly sales. Over time, our dental and medical customers, we believe will experience patient traffic that will improve to pre-COVID-19 levels. We are pleased with our non-PPE and COVID related sales for the fourth quarter in both dental and medical in the United States and abroad, but also expect PPE and COVID-19 related sales to continue to be elevated -- to continue at the elevated levels to support standard of care followed by practitioners. So, although, we are pleased with our non-PPE sales, and we did experience significant increase in PPE and COVID related sales, we do expect that PPE and COVID related sales will continue at these elevated levels beyond this year or beyond at the end of 2020 -- into 2021 and beyond. So despite this very difficult past year, we remain optimistic about our future and our financial position is strong. We remain confident that Henry Schein is well-positioned for future continued success given the breadth of our products, services and supplier and Team Schein support across the global dental and medical markets. Today, we will review the specifics of our financial results, discuss key achievements in 2020, provide our perspective on the state of our end markets and speak to our strategic focus, while providing guidance for 2021, of course, bearing in mind that we are still in the midst of a pandemic. However, before Steven offers his remarks, I would like to clarify a point related to the impact of noncash, nonrecurring intangible asset impairment charge of $18 million -- just over $18 million that we announced today. This impairment charge was recorded within our operating expenses, impacting our operating margins by 57 basis points. It should, of course, be noted that this impairment charge reduced both GAAP EPS and non-GAAP EPS by $0.07. With that, I'll ask Steven to discuss our quarterly and full year financial performance, and then I'll provide some additional comments on the current business conditions, our markets and where we're heading. Steven, please.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to everyone. As we begin, I'd like to point out that I will be discussing our results from continuing operations as reported on a GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis. Our Q4 2020 and Q4 2019 non-GAAP results exclude certain items that are detailed in Exhibit B of today's press release and in the supplemental information section of our Investor Relations website. Please note that we have again included a corporate sales category for Q4 that represents sales to Covetrus under the transitional services agreements that has now expired just shy of 2 years since the completion of the spin-off of our Animal Health business to form Covetrus. We expect stranded costs related to the Animal Health spin-off to be in the $10 million to $12 million range for 2021. Turning now to our financial results. Total net sales for the quarter ended December 26, 2020, were $3.2 billion, reflecting growth of 18.6% compared with the prior year, with internally generated sales up 17.1% in local currencies, which was driven by sales of PPE, or Personal Protective Equipment, as well as COVID-related products. Details of sales performance are contained in Exhibit E of our earnings press release issued earlier today. On a GAAP basis, our operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2020 was 5.7%, representing a decrease of 164 basis points compared with the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, our operating margin of 5.9% contracted by 146 basis points on a year-over-year basis. Again, a reconciliation of GAAP operating margin to non-GAAP operating margin can be found in the supplemental information page on the Investor Relations page of our website. Our operating margin was unfavorably impacted by significant inventory adjustments associated with PPE and COVID-related products, as well as lower supplier rebates, and that was partially offset by lower expenses as a percentage of sales. It's important to note we do not expect any material inventory adjustments to continue into 2021. Our operating margin, as Stanley said, was also negatively impacted by 57 basis points due to a non-cash nonrecurring intangible asset impairment charge recorded by Henry Schein One of approximately $18.1 million, which reduced both GAAP and non-GAAP EPS by $0.07 per diluted share. Turning to taxes. Our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2020 was 17.3%. This compares with 22.3% GAAP effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2019. And on a non-GAAP basis, our effective tax rate was 17.5%, which compares to a prior year non-GAAP effective tax rate of 22.2%. You can see a reconciliation of GAAP effective tax rate to non-GAAP effective tax rate again on our supplemental information page on our website. This lower effective tax rate in the fourth quarter of 2020 was favorably impacted by income tax resolutions in both the U.S. as well as internationally, which lowered income tax expense by approximately $14.6 million or $0.10 per diluted share. Excluding this impact, the effective tax rate would have been in the 26% range for both GAAP and non-GAAP. Moving on, our GAAP net income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein for the fourth quarter of 2020 was $141.9 million or $0.99 per diluted share. This compares with the prior year GAAP net income from continuing operations of $330 million or $2.25 per diluted share, but remember that included a net gain on the sale of equity investments of $1.27. Our non-GAAP net income from continuing operations for the fourth quarter of 2020 was $143.6 million or $1 per diluted share, and this compares to the non-GAAP net income from continuing operations of $143 million or $0.97 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of last year. Again, both our GAAP and non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was favorably impacted by the tax resolutions I just mentioned and unfavorably impacted by the one-time impairment charge. Our amortization of acquired intangibles for Q4 2020 was $25.3 million pre-tax or $0.11 per diluted share. This excludes the non-recurring $18.1 million impairment charge that we recorded in the current quarter and compares to $26.9 million pre-tax or $0.12 per diluted share for the same period last year. Similarly, for the full year 2020, amortization from acquired intangibles was $102.1 million pre-tax or $0.40 per diluted share. This excludes the combined $20.3 million in non-cash asset impairment charges that we recorded in Q1 as well as in the current quarter and compares to $105.9 million pre-tax or $0.46 per diluted share in 2019. I'll also note that foreign currency had a very minor impact on our EPS. It positively impacted Q4 diluted EPS by less than $0.01 per share. Let me now provide some detail on our sales results for the fourth quarter. Global dental sales of $1.8 billion grew 7.2% compared with the same period last year, with internal sales growth of 5.1% in local currencies. Global dental consumable merchandise internal sales increased by 10% in local currencies in the fourth quarter. And excluding PPE and COVID-related products, sales increase was 5.0%. I'll note that this 5.0% quarterly growth rate is among the highest that we've recorded at Henry Schein since 2017. North American internal sales in local currencies declined 0.7%, which included growth of 5.3% in dental consumable merchandise, 0.4% excluding PPE and COVID-related products and a 13.2% decline in sales of dental equipment. Our international dental internal sales growth in local currencies was 14.2%, which included 16.7% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise sales or 11.4% when excluding PPE and COVID-related products and 6.8% growth in sales of international dental equipment. Looking at dental consumable merchandise sales, we experienced very solid growth in the US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, China, Brazil and throughout most of Europe. We saw particular strength in France and Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, Austria, Italy and Poland. However, the U K countries continue to experience lower sales as that country has moved into a stricter lockdown. Our North American dental equipment sales performance was impacted by a difficult prior year comparison, including the Dentsply Sirona world event moving to a virtual platform and production transitions as a key supplier exited traditional equipment categories. In addition, we believe some practices potentially held off on year-end equipment purchases, as U.S. tax incentives may be more favorable in 2021. International dental equipment sales growth in Q4 was driven by strength in Germany, Austria, France, as well as Australia and New Zealand. We experienced high single-digit internal sales growth in local currencies and traditional equipment and low single-digit growth in high-tech equipment internationally. We continue to be encouraged by the extent of customer engagement and interest in equipment and technology investments. Currently, both our North America and international equipment backlogs are exhibiting growth year-over-year. Please keep in mind, that backlog represents sales orders at the end of the quarter that have not been shipped, but we also take a substantial amount of orders within the quarter that will drive our sales results for the current quarter. Given our current perspective, we are optimistic about our North American as well as international dental equipment sales growth for the first quarter of 2021. Our global dental specialty revenue in the fourth quarter totaled approximately $200 million, with internal growth of 2.2% in local currencies versus the prior year. The split was 1.7% growth in North America and 3.1% internationally. Our global dental implant growth in the fourth quarter was 4.3%. Our orthodontic sales decreased by 5%, primarily due to business interruption, as we moved to a new distribution center in Q4, as well as a supplier exiting the market, which resulted in a shift of orders to alternate suppliers. We expect to see a sequential improvement in orthodontic sales in the first quarter of 2021. Turning now to global medical sales. They were of $1.2 billion and growth of 48.5% compared to the same period last year, 48.2% of that was in local currencies and included 47.9% increase in North America and international sales growth of 63.1%. Our medical sales results were driven by continued strong demand for PPE and COVID-19-related products. If you were to exclude the sales of these products to global medical, internal growth in local currencies, was approximately 3.6%. I'll also note that we sold approximately $270 million in COVID tests in Q4, including some multi-assay flu and COVID-19 combination test. This was up from approximately $100 million in the third quarter. We believe solid COVID test sales growth is likely to continue while COVID cases remain at relatively high levels. We also experienced double-digit growth in sales of med-surg products in Q4. Turning to technology and value-added services sales. They were $138.7 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of 1.2% compared with the prior year, including a decline in internally generated sales in local currencies of approximately 0.7%. In North America, tech and value-added services internal sales growth was 0.6% in local currencies. And I'll note that the sales growth was impacted by transactional revenue associated with the lower number of patient visits compared to pre-COVID-19 levels. We also faced a difficult prior year comparison that benefited hardware upgrades in the prior year, as we help transition customers to address new operating system requirements. We are very pleased with our solid sales growth from our Dentrix Ascend cloud-based software solutions, as well as financial services. Internationally, technology and value-added services internal sales declined by 8.4% in local currencies when compared to the prior year. The prolonged lockdown in the U.K. significantly impacted this international business. As we discussed during our Q1 earnings call last May, we temporarily suspended our share repurchase program as a means to preserve cash in response of the impact of COVID-19 on our business operations and due to certain restrictions related to financial covenants. Prior to the suspension of this program in 2020, we repurchased approximately 1.2 million shares at $61.49 average price, which represents a total of $73.8 million in cash. At the year-end, we had approximately $201 million authorized and available for future stock purchases. But remember, when we amended our credit facilities earlier this year, we also agreed to restrict stock repurchases until we report our second quarter 2020 financial results. Currently, we have significant access to liquidity, providing flexibility and financial stability in this challenging environment. Operating cash flow from continuing operations for the fourth quarter was $345 million, compared to $295 million for the fourth quarter of last year. This year-over-year increase was primarily due to higher net income in 2020 after adjusting for the pre-tax gain on the sale of equity investments in the prior year. As part of our previously disclosed restructuring initiative, we recorded a pre-tax charge in Q4 2020 of $4.4 million or $0.02 per diluted share. This charge primarily relates to severance pay and facility closing costs and reflects opportunities to reduce expenses, drive operating efficiencies and mitigated stranded costs. We anticipate additional restructuring costs in 2021. I'll now provide a quick review of the full year of 2020 and then move on to 2021 guidance. During 2020, we achieved total net sales of $10.1 billion, up 1. 3% from 29 -- from 2019, sorry, with internally generated sales up 0.8% in local currencies, and this is all despite the significant impact we saw earlier in the year regarding the COVID pandemic. GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations increased 40.1%, largely impacted by COVID-19 and the net gain on sale of equity investments in the prior year. Non-GAAP EPS declined 15% due to the impact of COVID-19. And again, we're pleased with solid operating cash flow for the year of almost $600 million with cash funds, which funds our balanced approach to capital allocation. Let me conclude my remarks on financial guidance. At this time, we're not providing a 2021 GAAP guidance since we are unable to provide an accurate estimate of expenses related to the ongoing restructuring initiative. However, given the wide range of analyst EPS estimates for the year, we see a benefit in providing a high-level guidance. As such, we expect that our 2021 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein will be at/or above 2019 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations, which was $3.51. We believe this comparison to 2019 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations is appropriate, given the COVID-19 impact on 2020 results. I think it's very important to note that our guidance is not a range, and it's not a specific EPS number. In fact, what we're trying to show and what we're intending is for this guidance of $3.51 – at or above $3.51 to be a floor off of our guidance and not a specific guidance number. So hopefully, it's taken as such. And keep in mind that guidance for 2021 non-GAAP EPS attributable to Henry Schein is for current operations, as well as completed or previously announced acquisitions, but it does not include the potential for future acquisitions, if any, as well as restructuring expenses or share repurchases. Our guidance also assumes foreign exchange rates that are generally consistent with current levels and also assumes that the end markets remain stable and consistent with current market conditions. Of course, guidance does not assume any material market changes associated with COVID-19. So with that summary, I'd like to turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much, Steven. I'd like to take a few minutes to discuss our strategic planning process. We undertake a rolling formal planning initiative every 3 years, and we are currently in the midst of developing our 2022 to 2024 strategic plan, which we believe will help us focus on optimizing the long-term return on our investments and enable us to continue delivering value to our shareholders. We had deferred, of course, and I think the investors know this, our strategic planning process for 1 year as we focused on addressing the impact of COVID-19. Today, we'd like to offer a preview of our thinking around some key components of our strategic plan. First, a key element in our effort to grow closer to our customers is our One Shine initiative, which is a unified go-to-market approach that enables practitioners to work synergistically with Henry Schein's supply chain, equipment sales and service and other value-added services, allowing our customers to leverage the combined value that we offer through a single program. Specifically, One Schein provides customers with streamlined access to our comprehensive offering of, of course, national brand products, Henry Schein private label and proprietary specialty products and solutions, including surgical and orthodontic products. In addition, customers have access to services, pretty wide range, probably the largest, we believe, in the marketplaces that we serve, including software and other value-added services. Ultimately, One Schein enables customers to benefit from the ability to enrich patient treatment options and outcomes and simplify business operations in addition to the opportunity to drive practice profitability. So looking more closely at our Technology and Value-Added Services and dental specialty businesses, let me start with a discussion on our Technology and Value-Added Services business, which comprises approximately $500 million of revenue, about 5% of Henry Schein's total sales in 2020. I would like to note that COVID-19 had a significant negative impact on this Technology and Value-Added Services business, at least from a sales point of view. Within this segment, Henry Schein One, our dental software offering, represents the lion's share of sales and is also one of the Henry Schein's highest-margin businesses, one of our large – highest-margin businesses is reflected in the Henry Schein One business. Our comprehensive suite of integrated dental software solutions reaches far beyond practice management software, which is key to simplifying clinical and office space processes and – the physical office or in the cloud. So we go beyond the practice management software, which, of course, is quite effective and the leading systems in the world. We are also advancing patient demand generation with our expertise in website, search engine optimization, patient reviews and dental directories and dental savings plans. Our patient engagement solutions help practices communicate with patients engaged in market campaigns and facilitate online booking. And our revenue cycle management products facilitate insurance processing and patient payments. We believe that no other company offers a combined portfolio of products as broad and as extensive as Henry Schein One solutions and that our expertise is fundamental to the capabilities that practitioners value as a resource to help drive practice success. We are delighted that Mike Baird has joined us, as CEO of Henry Schein One, taking over the role that Jon Koch, CEO of our Global Dental Group, held on an interim basis. In his new role, Mike will work with leaders across Henry Schein One, including our software businesses in North America, Europe and the Asia Pacific region, to continue promotion of our industry-leading practice management, patient engagement and patient demand-creation solutions. His team will also continue to collaborate closely with Henry Schein Dental and our specialty businesses to help drive the One Schein offering to dental professionals around the world. Prior to joining Henry Schein One, Mike held several leadership positions in the health care information technology space and most recently served as President of Health Systems at American Well. During the fourth quarter, we launched a number of product enhancements for Henry Schein One Solutions, including directory online booking, which is self-scheduling solution for the WebMD directory, allowing prospective patients to book appointments online through the WebMD directory. Patient Engagement Live, which provides dental practice teams with access to real-time patient notifications, the Patient Engage mobile app, which enables practice functions on the go, Dentrix Ascend Pay and Dentrix Enterprise Pay, which integrate point-of-service card processing solutions for faster check-in/ check-out processing after the procedure is completed. And Dentrix Ascend ERX, which is an integrated electronic prescribing solution that enables seamless electronically prescribing functionality with the Ascend practice management system. Our value-added services also includes Henry Schein financial services, which facilitates financing options, including equipment, technology, financing and leasing, working capital loans as well as patient finance and credit card options. Our business solutions offering, which is the third component in this group, offers a complete array of value-added services and include technology as well as resources for improving key business functions that contribute to the successful business operations and clinical effectiveness of dental and medical practices. So that's our Technology and value-added services offering, which is described separately or reported separately in our financial statements. Let me now discuss our dental specialty business, which consists of dental implants and biomaterials for tooth replacement therapy, certain surgical pharmaceutical products, endodontics and rotary products, as well as orthodontic products. Comprising approximately 12% of our global dental sales, this business generated sales of approximately $700 million in 2020. Of course, we are quite pleased with these results, given the COVID-19 challenges we experienced, which had a significant negative impact on 2020 sales and particularly in the second quarter, although we did recover significantly and effected very well in the third and fourth quarter for the -- in other words, the second half of the year. Given the proprietary designs and unique value proposition of these specialized products, our dental specialties businesses command a higher margin than most core dental products that we distribute. Through our expertise across the entire value chain, from research and development, production and distribution to marketing, education and value-added services offered to practitioners undertaking specialty products -- procedures, our customers benefit from our high pace of innovation and our comprehensive portfolio of specialty products and related value-added services. As a percentage of global dental specialty sales, implant, tooth replacement, bone regeneration and oral surgery products represent the largest portion of dental specialty sales, with contributions from our by BioHorizons, CAMLOG, Medentis Medical, ACE Surgical and Southern Anesthesia businesses. Over the past several quarters, we believe we have been among the leading companies in premium implant segment sales performance, including strong sales in biomaterials. We expect this trend to continue based on our continued innovative -- innovation and investment in portfolio expansion and value-added services. In addition, Medentis Medical, our value implant line, posted solid fourth quarter sales in the DACH Region, which represents Medentis' largest region. The next largest piece in our specialties businesses -- business, is our endodontic products, which includes Brasseler Dental, our Henry Schein branded endodontic ranges and other products, as well as national brand products. We continue to invest in enhancing our selling capabilities and R&D around our endodontic platform, and we believe we have gained market share in key markets. Last, on the specialty side, our orthodontic business is comprised of sales from Ortho2, Ortho technology and our Reveal Clear Aligner businesses. Although, our orthodontic sales and, specifically, our clear aligner sales represent the smallest dental specialty business -- part of our specialty business, sales continued to grow, and we expect that trend to continue as we invest in enhancing the user experience through sales, marketing and manufacturing innovation, including with our software solutions. On this group, in Specialty Group, in general, we continue to make progress in penetrating private practices, the mid-market and DSO customers that value the precision quality and expertise that we deliver through our dental specialty solutions, in part due to our One Schein initiative. So now let me just address PPE and COVID testing for a minute and COVID-related -- COVID-19 tests and other related products. In both the dental and medical markets, we expect we will continue to see sales of PPE and COVID-19-related products at elevated levels compared to pre-COVID-19 levels. We continue to firm up global sources of supply and have begun to utilize alternate domestic manufacturers to meet our customer supply needs. We are very pleased and proud, in fact, of the way we handled the whole PPE and testing availability of products during 2020 when we went -- had our extensive activities in seeking product, flu product in from around the world, ensure that our customers had adequate PPE products and test products as well, costing us a lot of money to do this, but well-worth it from a customer service and satisfaction point of view. At this time, we believe that most dental and medical practitioners are able to access adequate supply of PPE, including face shields, mass, gowns and thermometers. The exceptions continue to be where the market is experiencing supplier constraints for particular products such as nitrile gloves, medical wipes and, more recently, syringes and needle inventory to support vaccine rollout. We believe we have adequate availability for our current customer base and should be able to satisfy our customers' needs as we have during most of 2020. Now let me turn to M&A for a moment. On the acquisition side, although we suspended M&A activities from March through the summer, we closed nine acquisitions with American [ph] sales of almost $300 million and deployed nearly $200 million in capital. These transactions are expected to be slightly dilutive in their first year and quite accretive thereafter. In the New Year, we announced the acquisition of Prism Medical Products. This transaction expands our U.S. medical business beyond our core base of office-based physicians and into the home health market. Specifically, home medical supplier is a natural extension of our focus on the continuum of care delivery model. With revenues of $52 million for the 12 months ended September 30, 2020, Prism serves a broad network of nationally affiliated and independently operated wound care clinics as well as specialist practices. We believe this acquisition will allow us to move closer to the patient. It also strengthens our relationship with physicians who prescribe home medical supplies. I would like to take a moment to address our investments in technology and business intelligence to enhance current e-commerce, digital marketing and customer engagement tools, then in turn help our teams succeed in the market, providing, of course, greater customer satisfaction. Marketing automation, customer insights and analytics, personalization technologies and customer experience management tools are just a few of the many areas, in which we have made considerable advancement in recent years. Consistent with our broad digital strategy, these investments leverage best of breed technologies to ensure we provide a rich customer experience, adaptable as customers need evolve. As part of supporting our customers through every step of their buying journey, we are focused on using our global e-commerce platform for dental and medical, which we internally refer to as GEP, G-E-P. Successful implementation of current and future GEP investments will enable Henry Schein to remain the destination of choice over the long-term for health care providers and suppliers. Keep in mind that we are early in the process of planning, implementing long-term phases -- the long-term phases of GEP, market by market. The long-term phase of GEP will be rolled out beginning of 2022 and continue through 2024. We have a great team in place. And consistent with our history of rolling out advancements in the IT space on a consistent and reliable basis, we are extremely enthusiastic about the GEP investments. Again, we look forward to keeping you appraised of our evolving strategic plans as we enhance the breadth of our solutions and services offerings and look to deliver continued long-term value to our stakeholders, which takes me to a short discussion on ESG. I'd like to comment on the significant work that Henry Schein has undertaken over the years in this area and particularly this past year to enhance our long-standing commitment to environmental, social and governance, or as known ESG, initiatives. In 2019, we embarked on a journey to evolve our ESG disclosure with a goal of reporting on appropriate Global Reporting Initiatives, also known as GRI, standards. We've had a broad cross-functional team working with our business of corporate teams on goals and targets for carbon dioxide, energy, waste supply chain, diversity and inclusion safety, employee training, volunteering and community impact. Our diversity inclusion work has always been a part of our core values, and we have helped drive this conversation for more than 2 decades. Building on our women's leadership network, employee resource group, we have added 3 additional employee resource groups this year -- last year, including our Black Legacy Professionals, Pride and Allies and Latin ERGs. We were pleased to earn 100% on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation's Annual Assessment of LGBTQ Workplace Equality and be named to Fortune's World Most Admired Companies list for the 20th consecutive year, ranking actually first in our category for the last couple of years. With the support of Henry Schein's senior management and oversight by the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors, our ESG program reflects our long history as a purpose-driven, higher-ambition company that integrates our sense of purpose in the way we operate our business. Last, let me just report on our Board of Directors. We recently announced changes as Paul Brons and Shira Goodman will not stand for reelection at our 2021 stockholder meeting. We thank, of course, Paul and Shira for their many years of service and valued contributions to the Henry Schein Board. At the same time, we welcome our newest board members, Mohamad Ali and Deborah Derby. Mohamad has extensive experience with successful technology transformation. And Deb brings broad operational, strategic and senior leadership experience with public companies. The addition of these directors complements the skill and experience of our current Board, and we are confident that the collective set of leaders will provide valuable perspectives as we continue to execute our strategy. So I realize that was a lot, but there's a lot going on at Henry Schein. So now we're happy to open the floor to any Q&A or any questions that investors may have, and we will answer them. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Two questions, if I could, this morning. First, just, Steve, on 2021 guidance, I understand that you're not and you really never do, I guess, provide revenue guidance. I'd still be interested in hearing maybe how you're thinking about your core ex PPE and COVID product revenues in dental and medical. Do they get back to 2019 levels this year, or how to think about that? And given the additional PPE and COVID revenues in 2021 versus 2019, it seems like your 2021 EPS guidance. If I were to get down to that $3.51 level, your margins have to be down something like 60, 70 basis points versus 2019. Is that a fair ballpark to think to get down to that $3.51 level? Thanks.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jeff. So again, I just want to make sure people understand that the guidance that we gave is the floor. We've debated, quite honestly, whether to give guidance or not this quarter. But leading up to the quarter with investor meetings, we were getting lots of questions on guidance, and we felt giving a floor was beneficial rather than giving nothing and having that total uncertainty out there. So please take it as the floor. The other point I want to make, before I directly answer your questions, Jeff, is that people seem to look at, as you are, the non-PPE core sales growth. And I think it's important to note that, if you look at North American dental consumables as an example, that growth was – I think it was 0.4%, excluding PPE products, but that's given patient traffic is down 80% – down 20% to 80%. And so that's, I think, a good number considering that. And the other thing that's important to note is that we believe that PPE and COVID-related products will continue to be strong going forward. It will represent really the new standard of care for practitioners. So I wouldn't look at those revenues as non-recurring. I would look at them as recurring. But given that, the growth in our sales, excluding PPE, to specifically answer your question, really is directly related to the continued improvement in the underlying market, having that patient traffic grow from 80% to a higher number. Given that we're not making predictions on that, it's hard really to specifically answer, but that's the correlation that we're looking for. Also, I would say that while we're not giving specific margin items, we did note at least a couple of things in the call that negatively impact margin. One is stranded costs that we did say will be $10 million to $12 million for the current year for 2021. And we – Stanley did describe our investments in G-E-P, or GEP, that's also included in that guidance. So I think as the year goes on, Jeff, we'll try to give even greater guidance, but we really felt that doing at least a floor for guidance was better than doing nothing.
Jeff Johnson: Yes. Understood. And that's helpful, Steve. And maybe just as a quick follow-up. You guys haven't officially confirmed your return to supplying Heartland Dental at the start, I guess, of April at the start of 2Q. Our checks seem to suggest that is going to happen, though. So one, can you confirm that? And then two, as we think about the moving parts, I know you've supplied them even over the last few years with some consumables products, some technology products. There might be a change going on in the implant side of that relationship a bit. But as I put all that in the blender, do we think of Heartland adding maybe a couple hundred basis points to your North American dental revenue growth over the next three quarters, the end of the last three quarters of this year? Thanks.
Steven Paladino: Yes. So maybe I'll start and Stanley could jump in. So first, yes, we can confirm that we've won the Heartland contract. We typically don't provide don't provide details on customer activity, so that's why we didn't put out a press release, and we don't intend on putting out a press release. But in direct response to your question, we can confirm that we have won the award. There's a transition period, so we still haven't started shipping product to Heartland. It will be later in the quarter. But given, again, that we don't provide specific customer activity, I'm going to limit it to that, Stanley, unless you have any other commentary.
Stanley Bergman: I think that is correct, Steven. We have had a relationship with Heartland for decades, ranging from supporting their software needs, practice management needs and other software applications that we provide. In addition, we do provide certain specialty products to Heartland. We have done that for a while. And we continue to expect to grow that relationship as well as, I might add, other relationships in the DSO space and in the medical world, on the IDN space. But we made decision some years back to not report every time we add a new account. I think this becomes very complex. And so the bottom line is, we do expect to continue to grow our business with large accounts in dental and medical.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Glen Santangelo with Guggenheim.
Glen Santangelo: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Hey. I just want to follow up on the questions regarding the guidance. Stan, if I heard your comments, you pointed to the ADA survey suggesting that volumes in North America seem to be at 80% pre-pandemic levels, and I'm just trying to reconcile that to a consumable number that Steve just pointed out, was up 0.4%. I mean, just thinking about volumes being down 20% and your consumable numbers sort of being up, how do you sort of reconcile those two? And then, I'll ask my follow-up upfront. As we think about the $3.51 floor, is that just kind of assume no change in visit behavior? So if we continue to monitor these ADA surveys as kind of like a baseline, we're assuming no meaningful improvement from those levels in that $3.51? I guess, that also assumes that the elevated sort of medical sales continue, as you just suggested, Steve, to kind of -- is also embedded in that $3.51? Sorry. I know there was a lot there to unpack, but, yes, I'll leave it there.
Stanley Bergman: The question you're asking is key, and I think we should provide some clarity. Sometimes it's hard to do good. And the bottom line is, the analyst estimates are all over the place. So what we decided to do was to provide a floor. That's by no means guidance in the traditional sense. We're not providing ranges, as Steven noted. It's a floor, number one. Number two is, we do expect the visits to physicians and to dentists to continue to grow. We do expect, therefore, that our consumable business will grow. We'll go back to 2019 levels and grow a little bit above that, too. The same with our specialties and, of course, our software and other value-added services. We do expect Henry Schein’s programs, in general, One Schein, the way in which our sales organization relates to our customers, all of that, to continue to perform well. Having said that, we are in the midst of a pandemic. And so it's hard to provide solid guidance in the sense that we offered in 2019 before -- and before. So we decided to give a floor, which we're pretty comfortable with. Actually, we're quite optimistic about the business. And if we just had a look at 2000 -- in the first quarter, and we had to stop things now, I would say we're very optimistic. Having said that, we can't tell where this pandemic is going to hit. No one can tell. And just like a year ago, we cautioned investors about the pandemic. We're doing the same now, although we're a little bit more confident today than we were in February and March of 2020. What we're saying is we're comfortable with the bottom -- with the floor of the guidance we've given. We just can't give ranges. And yes, we believe our consumable business, our equipment business, our software business, our specialty businesses, are all poised to do well. And if the music stopped today, we think we'd have a very good 2021. But again, we can't tell where this is heading. I must say, though, that as one goes to the east and then comes west, things are getting better. Our Asia businesses are pretty much back to normal, doing quite well, Asia Pacific. Europe is okay, except for the U.K., where, hopefully, the reimbursement of dentists will encourage reimbursement for dentists to see more patients again. And in the U.S., it's pretty stable, both in dental and medical and we're hopeful that the 80% will start going back to normal to the pre -- to the 2019 levels as the year goes by. But exactly in which quarter, it's very hard to tell. All I can say is we are and we continue to be very optimistic about our business and are very pleased with the performance so far this year.
Steven Paladino: Yeah. Let me just add one thing, Glen, on one of your questions. You asked, well, patient traffic is 80% and you're up 0.4% ex PPE, what's the reconciliation. And remember, its patient traffic that the ADA measures. It's not procedures. And we do believe that part of the reason why is that there's a higher acuity of procedures being done today than typically. So there's more tooth restorations. There's more implants. There's more, again, of the higher procedures that generally cause a higher level of consumable products. Things like trophies and general examinations as a percentage of the total procedures and these matters high. So, the type of procedure being done is helping us with that. And just to quickly add on one of your questions, we're really not assuming much market improvement in that floor guidance. Because, again, we would not know when to assume it, and there's still a lot of uncertainty on when it improves. So there is potential upside if the market improves quicker because we really don't have that in our guidance at this point.
Glen Santangelo: Okay. Thanks for all the comments.
Steven Paladino: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel.
Jon Block: Thanks guys. Good morning. Maybe I'll ask both mine upfront in the interest of time, sort of one for each of you. Steven, for the gross margin pressure of roughly 300 bps year-over-year, is there a way to think about what's attributable to inventory and adjustments and lower supplier rebates, because I think most of that, per your commentary, is unlikely to reoccur in full, if you would, in 2021. And Stanley for you, just some thoughts on dental equipment in 2021, it's always a volatile product line, but how do you see demand shaking out this year and know what about priorities or preferences from the dentists? In other words, what's their highest-demand equipment items considering the COVID backdrop?
Stanley Bergman: Steve, do you want to go first?
Steven Paladino: Sure. So Jon, we haven't given specifics on the supplier rebates and the inventory adjustments, so we just don't feel it's appropriate to go there. But you're right in that a lot of that negative margin is not expected to reoccur in 2021. And supplier rebates are a little bit fuzzy now because setting targets in this environment is difficult. So we're trying to be conservative in our outlook with that, but the inventory adjustments I can't say that there'll be 0, but there'll be much more – much less than what we've seen in the last quarter or 2. So hopefully, that helps you.
Stanley Bergman: Just to add on to what adjustments, we made a decision in April to respond to the government's request to move as we were part of the HHS, before that, the FEMA Task Force and we responded by literally emptying our warehouses and providing PPE to hospitals in hotspots. These are not our normal customers. I'm not talking about a lot of money in terms of sales, but we had to replenish this product at higher prices, including significant freight costs. We made a decision as a company to provide PPE products to our customers at a lower price as we could possibly do that. And so at the end of the day, we provided, I believe, great customer satisfaction while following through on the government's call, and I'm referring to the United States, for a request to empty our warehouses on PPE and send it to those areas, those hotspots that were the most challenged. This did have an impact on our 2020 margins for PPE and in general. But as Steven said, I think that is largely behind us, but I do believe that the history books will tell, we made the right decisions from a morality point of view, and we are a higher ambitions company and we've made the right decision from our customers' point of view, number one. Number two, on equipment. We had almost a perfect storm at the end of a 2020 in North America. This particular situation did not occur outside of North America, where we did experience good consumable, by the way and of course, equipment growth. In the United States, and I'm not referring to Canada now, but specifically relating to the United States, we do report our North America numbers, but in the United States for equipment, Dentsply Sirona World went virtual, which has been historically a terrific opportunity for us to generate business. We believe that we will generate that business largely in the first quarter and to some extent, in the third quarter. We had a key supplier of traditional equipment exit the market, and that product that was ordered by that – from that supplier through us, of course, could not be satisfied fully by the existing manufacturers who have brought their production up to speed. And we expect, again, for that to be satisfied in the second and third quarter. And then there's the whole issue of whether dentists should have purchased equipment in the fourth quarter or not, given that the incomes were largely down, being that 80% of dentists in the United States were out of practice in the – out of their practices in the second quarter, the earnings were not great. And with the expectation that tax rates will go up in 2021, there was quite a bit of deferment of purchases of equipment from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. Taking that all into account, I think we are quite optimistic about our North American equipment business, US business. Canada was a little bit different. It was good in general because these variations, these perfect storm variations, they're not applied in Canada. As to the areas of sales that we expect, I think the traditional business chairs, units, lights, as reported in prior quarters, is still an area where dentists are investing. I would say that the imaging area is an area, although pricing, as we've said in the past, has come down somewhat. And yes, the whole area of DI and chair side full milling of crowns and bridges will all be areas where we expect decent growth in 2021 and beyond. So Carolynne, do we have any – do we have more time for questions? I think we're running out of time. But we can go over a little bit since there's a lot going on.
Carolynne Borders: Yes, back to the question. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger: Hi. Thanks very much. Stan, maybe to go back to some of your strategic planning comments, can you just give us a sense about as you guys get more stability in the business and sort of look beyond COVID, where you're most interested in expanding? For example, any interest in sort of taking medical more aggressively beyond the US, maybe new technologies or new specialty brands. Just give us a sense about where you'd really like to expand in the next few years?
Stanley Bergman: Sure. John, thank you. Very good question. Of course, we want to continue to grow our traditional distribution business globally. And that's dental, where we are in most of the developed world, and in some markets in developing world. The developing world is growing in that area in the oral care area. So we will expand our footprint. We will drive efficiency in that business and expect to increase our margins in general on the distribution side, both in Dental, as I noted now, internal, but also, we are expanding our medical business abroad. We did not focus on our international medical business until about a year ago, 18 months ago, because we had so much going on in the US, but we have taken our small medical business in Europe, added resources to it, and we'll be adding more resources to it in the future and expect, of course, the medical distribution business to go beyond the US and Europe, expanding in Canada, where it's very small today, and in other markets. At the same time, specialty products will be important for us in dental. We expect to continue to grow. We've done very well in implants. We've done very well in endodontics. And we have a very good foundation in orthodontics. We had a peculiar fourth quarter again, a perfect storm. We had a manufacturer exiting that market, and so we had to replace that – those products from elsewhere. And we had a move in our distribution center around the end of the year. That will all catch up. And so those are the areas we want to invest in, expanding our specialty platforms around the world. Of course, Henry Schein One is a huge opportunity for Henry Schein. We're investing in that area. We're very, very pleased to see the pickup in SaaS products, in cloud-based products. Of course, it does impact sales. But in the long run, it's a very profitable business, and we've done very well with our SaaS product. We're investing in that, too. And then when it comes to medical devices, we expect to expand in that area in specialty devices. We already are a player in orthodontic saws -- sorry, orthopedic saws and expect to increase that platform as well. So I think it's about global expansion in our core business, in our specialty businesses, adding to those platforms that we have and also in the technology areas. So we have our dental distribution, our medical distribution, our practice management technology and other value-added services platforms and, of course, our specialty products. All of these are areas where there’s great opportunity. And strategic planning, John, as you know, is not necessarily about what you can do, but what you want to prioritize on. So we have a lot of options, very excited. We have the best management team, I would say, in the company's history from a capabilities point of view of expanding these various platforms we've developed and are very excited about the future.
John Kreger: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We have time for one last question. Our final question will come from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler.
Jason Bednar: Yeah. Good morning. Thanks for the questions. I want to touch on some of the stronger pieces from the quarter here to close things out, and I'll ask them both upfront. The international dental consumables core growth was really strong, Stanley, and you talked about that. But just wondering your confidence in this momentum persisting going forward and to what extent there's maybe some pent-up demand that's supporting some of this growth versus core growth being reflective of maybe rising demand in some of these international markets. And then just, pivoting also to medical and the COVID testing revenue, $270 million is a big number for the quarter, but curious how you're factoring in price adjustments that are expected from the manufacturers in this market and future testing volumes, just really how you're planning for these cross currents this year. Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: There are two very good questions. Again, a lot of good questions on this call, I might add. So international, we continue to expect our international business to grow. Internal growth, of course, we will add some acquisition growth as we've done in the past. It's hard to predict a quarter. I think one has to look at a trend for several quarters. But over several quarters, I think we are quite confident that we will grow our consumable and equipment businesses outside of North America, including Canada as part of the U.S. So it's part of our North American numbers. So I think it's fair to say we expect to grow our global consumables and equipment business and, in particular, are very enthused about our international business. On the testing. So we had a shortage of, believe it or not, even with these good numbers, of test in the point-of-care quick test arena. We believe the testing is now -- there's more testing available to us. The DPAs, I wouldn't say, are being completely satisfied, but there's more product available for us than in the past. And I'm referring to COVID testing, but also other tests, flu tests, et cetera. So I think it's fair to say that the price of these tests will come down, because the larger machines that were used in the earlier stage will be replaced those tests. A large number of those tests will be replaced by snap test with a lower cost per test. Having said that, the demand for test is likely to grow, in our view, and in particular, they'll be more available for our channel, which is the office-based practitioner environment and the workplace health environment. So in general, we think with the opening up availability, the price coming down, but at the same time, the demand growing, we expect to have a good 2021 in test. Of course, there's no way we can talk about any specific numbers because we don't know exactly, but we've built in our plans a fair amount of PPE sales and of testing sales. So these are two growth areas for us. It will grow as compared to 2019. Thank you for that question. And thank you for all the questions.
Operator: I'll hand the conference back over to Mr. Bergman for any concluding remarks.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Thank you, operator. Thank you all. I'm sorry we went over today, but there was a lot in this call that we wanted to cover a lot of unusual situations. Bottom line is we're quite optimistic about the future. Of course, no one can predict exactly where the virus is heading, although I think it's fair to say, we will not go into a situation again where dental practices will be closed down and physician practices and ambulatory surgical centers will be closed down. If it gets worse, the virus, I think there'll be more precautions, but I can't see a total lockdown as occurred in the second quarter. Of course, as our investors know, we powered down significantly in the second quarter and powered up very quickly in the third quarter. This did cost us a lot. It certainly probably cost us a little bit of market share, but I think we've gained that back and some more. So overall, I would say, we did the right things in 2021 from a cash preservation point of view, taking care of our team as the number one priority, and of course, in parallel ensuring that our customers service needs were taken care off, while at the same time in particular ensuring that PPE was made available to our customers at reasonable prices, of course, the prices went up significantly. But we kept prices to a large extent within the range of what it cost us, rather than passing on unusual profits that we could have gained. And I think this will pay off in the long run with trust from our customers. And in the end, I think, well, Henry Schein has come out of this COVID period as a much stronger company in terms of brand recognition and appreciation of what full service does in the dental and medical market for our customers. So with that in mind, I have to say, we're pretty optimistic about the future, although we are in this pandemic environment. Our plans will be finalized. There's a wide array of opportunities. We are operating right now under interim refresh plan for on 2021. But by the end of this year, we will firm up the key areas of focus. And I think we will, in turn, do well for our investors. We feel very comfortable. I will end with this comment. This year is our 25th year as a public company. We've had EPS compounded annual growth at a rate of 12% and stock appreciation at a rate of 12% during this period. We are a company that provides stability, and we believe that we're in good markets with a great team. Thank you very much, everyone, for participating in this call today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's call. Thank you all for joining, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, Regina and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the third quarter of 2020. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the Risk Factors section of those filings. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. Our conference call remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance, and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures can be found in the supplemental information section of our Investor Relations website and in Exhibit B of today's press release, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website as well. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, November 02, 2020. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up during Q&A to allow as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour that we have allotted for this call. And with that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman: Good morning everyone, thank you Carolynne, and thank you for calling in to today's call. Needless to say 2020 has been an extraordinarily challenging and unpredictable year for our team, customers and of course, suppliers. I commend the work and sacrifice of Team Schein to support business continuity for our customers. The pandemic caused disruption to supply chain and suppliers reacted to increased demand for PPE in particular and other products as well, and shortages of raw materials were experienced throughout the marketplace, both domestically and internationally for much of the -- for many of the products, shall we say, that we offer. As a result of the hard work and dedication of the team throughout the COVID-19 crisis, we were ready to assist our dental and medical customers deal with emergencies, while many of whom were subject to restrictions and faced severe challenges as they then returned to their offices to provide safe, quality clinical care.  Clearly, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to present challenges and uncertainties for the global economy and our customers. We remain confident that we have a solid long-term strategy in place, supported by a strong balance sheet and significant access to liquidity. The strong rebound in sales that began late in the second quarter continued into the third quarter with growth over the prior year driven by sales of PPE and COVID-19 related products. This growth coupled with the various actions we took earlier in the year to reduce operating expenses, resulted in diluted EPS that grew 8.8% on a GAAP basis and 14.4% on a non-GAAP basis.  As noted in our -- as noted our Q3 EPS growth also reflected the various actions we took earlier in the year to reduce operating expenses. Most of these temporary expense reduction initiatives have now ended. We remain committed to the well-being of Team Schein and our disciplined strategy that is focused on the success of our customers, helping practitioners efficiently manage practices, while providing quality care as the driver of long-term profitable growth for the company. Given the challenging macro environment that started with the onset of the pandemic early this year, we posed our longstanding program of strategic acquisitions. Yet as global business conditions have improved, we have resumed these activities. We now believe we have significant opportunities to allocate capital in support of our strategic plan with a goal of maintaining a strong balance sheet and continuing to increase operating cash flow over time.  As we prepare to exit 2020, we will redefine our strategic plan with the goal of having -- well refine -- I mean, we will refine our strategic plan with the goal of having our strategic plan in place for 2022 through 2024. We will continue to focus on a number of key initiatives, which include increasing customer penetration organically and through acquisition, geographic expansion including into the developing world, advancing technology solutions centered on software including patient communications, leading the digitization of medical dental offices including interoperability to devices and prosthetics, and expanding our specialty segment and solutions offering all while advancing our dental business globally and our medical business globally as well.  Our team, including telesales, customer service and our distribution centers remained open, fully operational during this period and have done an extraordinary job throughout this COVID-19 crisis of processing ongoing high volume of orders received and ensuring they ship quickly to our customers. Those certain SKUs of PPE are still relatively tight supply wise and are commanding somewhat of a higher price. We believe the general PPE market has stabilized and we will strive to maintain, as we had throughout the crisis, fair pricing for our customers. At this time I'll hand the call over to Steven to discuss our recent financial performance and then I'll provide some additional commentary on our view of the current business conditions in the markets we serve. So, Steven please.
A - Steven Paladino: Okay, thank you Stanley and good morning to all. As we begin, I'd like to point out that I will be discussing our results from continuing operations on an as reported GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis. Our Q3 2020 and Q3 2019 non-GAAP results excludes certain items that are detailed in Exhibit B of today's press release and in the supplemental information section of our Investor Relations website. Please note that we have again included a corporate sales category for Q3 that represents sales to Covetrus under the Transitional Services Agreement. As we stated our intention on our last earnings call that essentially all remaining TSMs [indiscernible] have returned from furlough and from reduced work hours. We will continue to closely monitor the health of our business and remain prepared to take additional cost saving measures if necessary.  Turning to our financial results, net sales for the quarter ended September 26, 2020 were $2.8 billion reflecting an increase of 13.2% compared to the prior year with internally generated sales growth of 13.0% in local currencies. PPE and COVID-19 related product sales accounted for nearly all of the growth in our sales this quarter. Although we expect PPE and COVID-19 related product sales to positively impact dental and medical consumable merchandise sales in the future, we also expect overall sales growth to moderate from the third quarter. Details of our sales performance are contained in Exhibit A of our earnings press release that was issued earlier today. On a GAAP basis our operating margin for the third quarter of 2020 was 6.6%, representing a decrease of 85 basis points compared to the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, our operating margin of 6.9% contracted by 58 basis points on a year-over-year basis. A reconciliation of GAAP operating margins and non-GAAP operating margin can also be found in the supplemental information page on our Investor Relations website.  Operating margin was primarily negatively impacted by significant inventory adjustments associated with PPE and COVID-19 related products. This was offset by reduced expenses driven by our previously mentioned cost reduction initiatives that were put in place earlier in the year in response to the COVID pandemic. These temporary cost reduction initiatives will not have a significant impact on Q4 results, as most of these measures such as furloughs, reduced work hours, hours, and salary reductions are no longer in place.  Turning to taxes, our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2020 was 16.4%. This compares with a 23.5% GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2019. On a non-GAAP basis, our effective tax rate was 16.7% and this compares with the prior year non-GAAP effective tax rate of 23.5%. The lower tax rate in the third quarter was favorably impacted by U.S. federal income tax settlement, which lowered income tax expense by approximately $15.6 million or $0.11 per diluted share. Excluding this impact the rate would have been in the 25% range on both a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis.  Moving on GAAP net income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein for the third quarter of 2020 was $141.7 million or $0.99 per diluted share and this compares with prior year GAAP net income from continuing operations of $134.9 million or $0.91 per diluted share. The non-GAAP net income from continuing operations for the third quarter of 2020 was $147.0 million or $1.03 per diluted share and this compares with a non-GAAP net income from continuing operations of $134.3 million or $0.90 per diluted share for the quarter. On a continuing operation basis, amortization of acquired intangible assets for Q3 2020 was $25.2 million or $0.13 per diluted share, and that compares to $29.5 million pretax or $0.15 per diluted share in the same period last year. For the first nine months of the year, amortization from acquired intangible assets was $79 million or $0.41 per diluted share and that compares to $79.6 million pre-tax or $0.40 per diluted share for the same period last year. Foreign currency exchange did not have any material impact on our Q3 diluted EPS for the quarter.  Let me now provide some details on our sales results for the quarter. Our dental sales of $1.6 billion grew 6.7% compared to the same period last year with internal sales growth of 6.5% in local currencies. Our North American internal dental sales growth in local currencies was 6.3% and that included growth of 8.1% in dental consumable merchandise and 0.2% growth in dental equipment. Internationally, our dental internal sales growth in local currencies was 6.9%, with growth of 11.1% in consumable dental merchandise and a 6.9% decline in equipment sales. Again this quarter North America and international dental merchandise growth was driven by strong PPE and COVID-19 related product sales. Last quarter we provided year-over-year PPE sales growth as well as PPE contribution to global dental sale. For Q3 we had expanded that category to include other COVID-19 related products as well. So this category now also includes COVID Test Solutions as well as heat thermometers. On that basis dental PPE and COVID-19 related product sales in Q3 increased by 130% compared to the prior year and for comparison purposes, year-over-year growth was nearly 35% in Q2.  Turning to dental specialty products, in Q3 internal sales growth of global dental specialty products increased by 6.5% in local currencies, with very strong growth in North America at 14.8%. We believe this higher margin product category had solid growth potential over the long-term. Our medical sales of $1 billion grew 27.8% compared to the same period last year or 27.7% in local currencies. That 27.7% included a 27.8% growth in North America and internationally 20.7%. Our medical sales results were driven also by continued strong demand for PPE and COVID-19 related products, medical and COVID-19 related products sales increased by approximately 600% compared to the prior year. For comparison purposes, the year-over-year growth for Q2 was 200%.  Turning now to our technology and value added services segment, total sales were $138.4 million in the third quarter, an increase of 0.7% compared to the prior year, which reflects a decline of internally generated sales in local currencies of 1.3%. North American technology and value added services internal sales declined by 0.2% in local currencies and internationally, technology and value added services declined by 9.5% in local currencies compared to the same period last year. The slight decline in technology and value added services sales in local currencies was impacted by lower than historical patient flow, which resulted in lower Henry Schein one transactional revenue. Additionally, our financial services revenue was negatively impacted by lower equipment sales volume.  As we first discussed on our Q1 earnings call in early May, we temporarily suspended our share repurchase program as a means to preserve cash in response to the impact of COVID on our business operations and also due to certain restrictions related to financial covenants. As of today Henry Schein has $201.2 million authorized for future repurchases of common stock. Currently, we also have access to significant liquidity providing flexibility and financial stability in this challenging environment. Our operating cash flow from continuing operations for the third quarter was $261.3 million and that compares to $226.4 million for the third quarter of the prior year. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to both higher net income and improvements in working capital.  As part of our previously disclosed restructuring initiative, we recorded a pre-tax charge in Q3, 2020 of $7 million or $0.04 per diluted share. This restructuring charge primarily includes severance paid, facility closing costs, and reflects opportunities to reduce expenses, drive operating efficiencies, and mitigate stranded costs. We continue to expect our restructuring initiatives to continue through the end of the year. I conclude my remarks on the topic of financial guidance. Again due to the continued uncertainty surrounding COVID-19 pandemic and its impact to our business operations, we are not providing financial guidance at this time. As a reminder, most about temporary expense reduction initiatives have now ended and although we expect PPE and other COVID-19 related product sales to positively impact dental and medical consumable merchandise sales in the future, we also expect overall sales growth to moderate from the third quarter. So with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Let's review our business performance from the third quarter and recent weeks in October, starting with dental. In the third quarter, we saw growth in the U.S., Canada and throughout Europe in consumable merchandise with particular strength in France and Italy. The UK was the exception where the continued impact on COVID-19 has led to slower patient traffic. The end markets of China, Australia, New Zealand, and Brazil also recovered quite nicely from the pandemic -- the pre-pandemic -- actually from the pandemic levels returning home almost to actually to the pandemic -- to the pre-pandemic levels.  During the third quarter our internal sales for consumable merchandise in local currencies in both North America and international markets were strong at the 8.1 and 11.1 growth respectively. The growth was driven by sales of PPE and COVID-19 related products. PPE and COVID related product sales as a percentage of global dental sales were in the mid-single-digits percentages range prior to COVID-19 which grew to approximately 11% in the second quarter and in the third quarter, this contribution in dental was approximately 10%. We continue to expect that PPE will constitute a meaningful portion of our dental sales going forward as safety protocols remain a necessity for both patients and dental offices and actually feel that dentists in general in the United States and abroad are handling infection control, sepsis control extremely well, and that there is an adequate amount of PPE available for these practitioners to continue to provide safe environments with a very good infection control in these offices.  On our dental specialty businesses which is comprised of implants, endodontics, and orthodontics sales and during the third quarter in this segment we actually performed quite well, led by endodontic product sales. Also our implant sales were particularly strong in North America, where internal sales growth in local currencies increased by approximately 18%. Dental equipment sales in the third quarter continued to recover. In North America, both traditional and high technology equipment internal sales growth in local currencies was essentially flat. Within those categories, we experienced strong sales in laser products, albeit a small base and double-digit growth in CAD/CAM equipment versus the third quarter last year, whereas 2D and 3D imaging sales declined in the quarter. International equipment sales experienced a mid-single-digit percentage decline. Sales in Europe declined for both traditional and high technology during the -- equipment during the third quarter as some practices deferred investment decisions.  As I mentioned last quarter, we are seeing heightened interest from customers in the air purification category where we have exclusive relationships specific with the Radic8 and the surgically clean air. And we also offer solutions from other manufacturing partners, including Vanaman [ph], Isolite, and Dry Shield. It's clear that practices are getting more efficient in seeing patients as they adjust to new protocols. The degree of increased efficiency is hard to determine at this time, but clearly the addition of safety protocols in the practice and driving efficiency are both at play. In particular, we believe there will be continued interest in equipment solutions that enhance productivity, which is particularly important as practices look to see more patients in a safe environment.  So in summary, substantially all of the dental markets we serve strengthened relative to the second quarter as we progress through the third quarter with a month to month improvements in consumable merchandise sales, obviously driven by demand of PPE and COVID related products. So where are we at this point? Dental practices in North America, Europe, Australia, and New Zealand are open again for the most part as well I might add, is Brazil. And patients are returning for care. China is essentially back to pre-pandemic levels. Despite rising COVID-19 diagnosed cases in North America and a growing number of European countries, including Germany, France, the UK, Belgium, the Netherlands, Italy, Spain, Austria, Switzerland and Czech Republic of Poland and also in Brazil, patients continue to visit their dentist. This is very encouraging, completely different to what it was in April. These practices are open and patients are visiting the dental practice. Very clearly, very, very different to April and the demand for products, both consumables and equipment remains.  The latest survey data published by the American Dental Association for the U.S. shows that dental practices are approximately 77% of pre-COVID-19 patient volume. This is down approximately 2% versus the prior ADA survey, but not showing any material degradation in patient volume. I think we have to be careful reading anything into the swing of a couple of percentage points. Henry Schein’s e-claims data also show that patients continue to return for a broad set of procedures. It is clear that in the United States, the public view dentistry as important and although we do not have as finite detailed information in Europe, we can see that in Europe dentists are being viewed as important health care providers. Of course, the UK is the exception with regulations have been such that the visits to the dentist have been restricted. But the rest of Europe is essentially open for dentistry, actually, older markets were in.  So overall, we would characterize the current dental end markets as improving in some areas and continuing to stabilize in others. At this moment, this is exactly what we're seeing. Of course, we continue to watch all geographies as COVID-19 cases rise, particularly whether this impacts patient utilization and whether the V shaped recovery becomes more of a W. But at this stage, we do not see any reason why we should go into a W. The recovery seems quite stable as dental practices are open. Before we move on to the performance of our medical business, let me comment on the recent announcement that The Dental Supply Company or TDSC which was originally launched by the California Dental Association to offer members of organized dentistry a low price online only option for obtaining dental supplies has joined Henry Schein. TDSC will maintain its core focus on providing consistent online only competitive pricing to dental association members. TDSC customers will benefit from the expanded product portfolio, enhanced shipping, improved order performance, and of course, faster delivery backed by Henry Schein. Henry Schein’s full service distribution model, coupled with TDSC’s strategy will offer State Dental Association members the options they seek when choosing to purchase dental supplies and small equipment for their practices. These two marketing channels are complementary and are aimed at delivering the requisite level of service for varying customer segments.  Henry Schein will, of course, maintain and build on our full service distribution model, offering customers a wide range of competitively priced consumable merchandise, equipment, and technology products and services including software coupled with our highly experienced field and telesales teams. TDSC has had sales in 2019 of approximately $20 million. So a high touch model is very much the model that we subscribe to at Henry Schein, but we're offering an alternative of a pure online service to those customers that wish to take advantage of such an offering.  Now let's move to our medical business. The medical sales growth during the third quarter was also driven by strong demand for PPE and COVID-19 related products. This marked the first quarter in which our medical team achieved $1 billion in sales and we are extremely pleased with the medical teams track record in building this business. We are beginning to see improved access to COVID tests solutions that were first being allocated to the government for initial distribution. As we move into 2021 we expect testing solution availability for practitioners to continue to improve as more tests are approved and as further allocations to the private sector markets occur in line with manufacturing capacity increases. We are, as noted, receiving greater allocation of tests for office based practitioners who very much view it as important to conduct specifically Rapid COVID tests in their offices. In other words, the point of care tests.  PPE and COVID-19 related products sales as a percentage of the global medical sales increased from mid-single-digit percentage pre-COVID-19 to approximately 17% in the second quarter and approximately 24% in the third quarter. We expect that PPE and COVID related products sales including tests will continue to be a meaningful portion of our medical sales as practices seek to create a safe environment for both patients and staff and undertake more testing in the office based setting environment. Regarding the potential to distribute COVID-19 vaccines, I'd like to point out that Henry Schein has had a long history of leadership in supply chain readiness and response. The strategic partnerships we have developed over many years provide us with the specialized insight into outbreaks and supply chain challenges. We also have, excuse me, we also have excellent relationships with a number of manufacturers working on vaccines and I'll stay in close contact with these manufacturers. We believe that when these products enter the commercial distribution channel that we well with our credibility and our history of effectively working with pharmaceutical manufacturers as well as our public private partnerships will be recognized as well as the office based practitioner will also be recognized as a place to administer these vaccines.  So let's move on to our technology and value added services business. As dental practices continued to reopen throughout the third quarter, Henry Schein’s one transaction software revenue, including e-claims and credit card processing was down and it is slightly -- it is going up slightly. We are following the trends of visits to dental practices. This was offset by solid growth and I was comparing it to the previous year to 2019. This is offset by solid growth in sales of our dental plans and Dentrix Ascend cloud based software solutions. Remote access provided through cloud based solutions such as Dentrix Ascend are especially attractive to practices that desire or have a requirement to conduct remote work, including managing the business and clinical aspects of their practice.  During the third quarter, we launched a number of product enhancements for our Henry Schein One solutions including a number of new DSO centric capabilities, imaging enhancements, new sophisticated accounting capabilities, and e-prescribing solutions and payment processing features in the Dentrix Ascend products. New insurance management and payment processing enhancements in Dentrix and key enhancements to our very successful online bill payment solution. We continue to invest in our platform of dental software solutions to deliver integrated technologies that automates more tests and simplifies the digital workflow to increase practice productivity.  In summary, looking at our current business, while it's still early in the fourth quarter, we are continuing to see dental and medical sales growth over the prior year at this time driven by PPE and other COVID related products. That said, this is not necessarily indicative of what full code of performance may be but having said that, we are very encouraged with the performance in October actually across the board, but of course must be a little cautious in that, this is a very unpredictable time.  So before we move to your questions, I would like to note how pleased we were in September to be named to the Fortune Magazine's Change the World List, which is an annual ranking of companies that have had a positive social impact through activities that are part of the core business strategy. Henry Schein was recognized for our role in helping to create the pandemic supply chain network at the World Economic Forum in 2015, a public private partnership aimed at saving lives by strengthening the resilience of global health care supply chain in general in response to epidemics and pandemics. We are most pleased to serve as the TSCA’s private sector lead on these very important initiatives.  We were also pleased to be named among the top Nasdaq listed companies included in the next generation 100 index designed to measure performance of the largest 100 non-financial Nasdaq companies that are focused on growth and innovation, and which are ranked after those companies in the Nasdaq 100 index by capital, by market capitalization. This week is a special week at Henry Schein with respect to Nasdaq as we celebrate 25 years as a public company on the exchange. Over those years we have successfully navigated through many changing market dynamics and grown our business delivering value to our shareholders. In fact, since the time of our IPO, we are pleased to have delivered compounded annual growth from continuing operations of 13% in sales and 14% in non-GAAP EPS through the end of 2019. So with those comments in mind, we'd be very pleased Steven and I to answer any questions that investors may have. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Nathan Rich: Good morning and thanks for the questions. Maybe starting with your comments on the outlook, Stan and Steve could you give us any detail on how October performed relative to the third quarter and when we think about your expectation for growth to moderate relative to the third quarter, is that solely due to what you're seeing with respect to PPE and COVID related products or are you also expecting moderation in sort of the underlying growth rate for the dental and medical segments as well?
Stanley M. Bergman: So thank you for the question. October has continued with the trend of September, in fact, even maybe a little higher. The concern we have is the potential impact of the rising number of diagnosed COVID patients. Having said that, at the moment it seems like dental practices are seeing patients again, very different to April, both domestically and in most markets abroad. Some markets at a much greater increased rate than even before COVID and others down. So we just want to be cautious in the context of the latest data on diagnosed patients. Having said that, the business seems in a pretty good place right now with dentists across the board seeing patients. And the same for medical practitioners. Steven.
Steven Paladino: Yeah, I think that some of us -- I would add maybe a couple of additional points, we think during Q3 there was a bit -- continued bit of a backlog of patient demand that got caught up during Q3 that may not continue going forward. We also think related to PPE and COVID related sales that there was a lot of initial order taking to start up practices and to restart practices that may not continue at the same rate. So those reasons really also contribute to us being a little bit more cautious on the outlook going forward.
Nathan Rich: That's helpful and just two quick clarifications, with respect to the rising COVID case counts that you cited, have you seen an impact in your volumes in recent weeks or is that just kind of adding to the uncertainty in the outlook? And then secondly, Steve, could you maybe talk through your expectations on PPE pricing going forward just as we think about the magnitude of the topline and margin impact that we should expect in the fourth quarter and beyond?
Stanley M. Bergman: We don't see a significant change in volume at this moment. Practitioners seem to be seeing patients consistent with what we saw in September. Having said that, anecdotally, the ADA data is down a couple of percent. I'm not sure whether that is meaningful or not. Having said that, our caution relates to the increase in diagnosed patients both in the United States and in Europe but at the same time, we don't see a significant reduction in visits to practitioners. Steven.
Steven Paladino: Yeah, and on PPE and related products, I think we would assume that pricing will continue to moderate. Back in Q2 and early Q3 the pricing for certain products primarily facemasks was significantly elevated as there was a shortage of supply. And that was really our cost was really significantly higher than what typical costs was. As supply continues to improve, that pricing is beginning to moderate on most of those products. There is one product category, though, that is now in short supply. So it would be hard to tell how this has impacted. But nitrile examination gloves are now in very short supply globally. So we may see a spike in our cost for those products, which would in turn have us increase somewhat our pricing to end users. But I would say for the most part, I would think that pricing will moderate on products of PPE and COVID related.
Nathan Rich: That's helpful, thanks for the questions.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Steven Valiquette: Great, thanks. Good morning, Stan and Steve, thanks for taking the questions. So asking a few questions here on the gross margins. It was fairly flat sequentially. It was down year-over-year, likely just due to mix. So I guess I'm curious if there's any color on how much the gross margin in 3Q was impacted just simply by greater mix of lower margin medical sales versus higher margin dental sales? 
Stanley M. Bergman: Steven.
Steven Paladino: Sure, Steve. The main driver was not mix, the main driver as we outlined in our press release was related to PPE and related product where because early on in buying that product we saw significant increases in our cost. And remember it was a difficult time to even access products back then, most suppliers were not selling unless you prepaid for the product, and there was absolutely no way to negotiate pricing. At that time we made a decision that it's important to have access to product for our customers because it's such a critical product category. And because of that, we did buy some product at high prices that required inventory adjustments during the quarter. So that was one -- that was the biggest impact on margins for the quarter. There were also some other impacts, some of the PPE selling prices were also at lower margin, that was a smaller contributor. And also supplier rebates, also a smaller contributor were less in the quarter because of volume that they related to. I'm hopeful that we'll see a lot of that go away, although it's really difficult to predict on inventory adjustments because the pricing is still very volatile on both the purchase side as well as the market sale side. So we just kind of have to wait and see for that.
Steven Valiquette: Okay, I appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Block: Great, thanks and good morning guys. Stanley, maybe just to start with you, if you can compare and contrast some of the dental consumable figures that you gave, I think ex-PPE and COVID dental consumables were flat, it caught like the basic consumables but I thought you mentioned a very strong dental specialty number that was up 14% in North America, I think even implants up 18%. So maybe if you can just talk to that dichotomy between the two within consumables? And then I've just got a follow-up.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, it's a very good question. So if you take out the PPE related sales or actually the COVID related sales, because within that category it's PPE and testing. But if you take that all out and you look at both the dental and medical, our sales for core products, consumables is about flat. So, that's where we've been for the third quarter and it's looked like -- it looks like that's where we are in October as well. So, that's the basic situation. Patients really are visiting dentists, same with physicians. So we're quite comfortable that they will remain busy. But of course, there is no -- there's no clarity as to what could happen in November and December given the increase in diagnosed tests. Having said that, clearly practitioners are open to see patients everywhere other than really in the UK, which is an anomaly. Very, very different to the situation in April and the early part of May. Did you have another question?
Jonathan Block: Well, I do have another one, thank you. I will pivot, Steven to you on the gross margin, it follows up on Steve's question. 26 and change down about 300 or so basis points and you had been running steadily, pretty steadily, 30% to 31% throughout 2018 and 2019. So, I guess sort of a two pronged part question. Is there a gross margin to put on that PPE and COVID bucket and/or if not just looking forward, most importantly, do we think about gross margins improving off this call it, trough 26.6, but maybe not recapturing the 30% to 31% longer term because you'll always have to a certain extent that lower margin PPE sales, somewhat permanent in nature in the consumable sales? Thanks, guys.
Steven Paladino: Yeah Jon, let me just touch on the earlier question when Stanley commented that excluding PPE and COVID products, consumable merchandise sales were relatively flat. That includes the positive benefit of specialty sales, Jon. So it's all embedded in that because that's included in consumables. So, going to your current question, it's still -- there's still a lot of volatility in margins related to PPE and COVID related and as I said, nitrile gloves is the next one that will probably show a significant increase in costs for us and there's a limit on what we could pass through. So I'm not ready to give guidance on gross margin just yet because there's too much volatility on the buy side and on the sell side and it's all related. PPE and COVID products has positives and that it really drives sales growth, it really drives people buying additional products. If you don't have the products, you may lose the entire sale, but it also has huge volatility in margin. So you've got to take the positive with the not so positive.
Jonathan Block: Understood. Thanks for the color. 
Stanley M. Bergman: Jon, just to add a little bit more light on the specialty side, the specialty business is of course, a high margin business. But in terms of sales, compared to the total approximately $10 billion business it's not material. But in terms of profits, it is very important. And that those businesses have done quite well, certainly in the third quarter and going into the fourth quarter. So in terms of materiality, in terms of the overall sales, it's not material in terms of profit, it's a decent contributor. 
Jonathan Block: Perfect, thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Johnson: Thank you, good afternoon or good morning, guys. Maybe just following up on both of Jon's questions, if I could. So Steve, if specialty was slightly -- or was positive in the quarter, as you mentioned, nicely positive in the quarter, that would put general consumables on the dental side, maybe down low to mid-single-digits or so. Yet we know the ADA survey at that down 20% that's kind of consistent with what our surveys have been showing as well. Is that when you talk about kind of a little falloff from here is that we get a little bit of normalization from here between kind of where you have been at maybe that down 5% for general consumables going somewhere between there and kind of where some of those volume surveys are showing?
Steven Paladino: Well, let me -- Jeff, let me just clarify, on the ADA survey they are talking about patient traffic, that 80% plus or minus is estimated patient traffic. So we think actual sales volume is a bit better than that because it doesn't really factor in the additional sales of PPE products. It also seems that based on a procedure basis, for some reason, procedures are a little bit higher volume that are currently being done than historically. So 80 in sales volume is higher than 80% -- sorry, the 80% patient traffic is higher in sales volume. And so hopefully that clarifies and I just want to make sure you had a second question there Jeff, if you could just repeat it.
Jeffrey Johnson: No, it was just my question -- if I understand the volume side and like I said, that I know a lot of surveys are showing that down 20 and we are getting the higher intensity of dentistry and things like that to drive the revenues higher than that. But as you talk about kind of a little bit of a falloff in the dental performance going forward, is it because revenues start to normalize at least a little bit back towards volumes, over time I wouldn't think mix can be such a positive contributor of 15 or so points as it's been here in the last quarter?
Steven Paladino: Yeah, I think that's correct. It's also, again, a few other things that’s moderating pricing on PPE products that should continue. It is some of this pent up demand that may fall off a little bit. It's a little bit of increases in positive test results for COVID. So I don't think it's one particular item. It's just a few things that are impacting our thoughts on that.
Jeffrey Johnson: Fair enough, and then last question just on the margin side, Jon asked if we were at trough margin on the gross margin side. You did talk about some of these temporary cost savings going away and I think that's more on the OPEX side. But in the past, I think you've also talk about sourcing some PPE from local markets for local markets. So as we think about those two levers, do we see margins staying down at these levels, can they pick back up in the near-term just over the next call it 12 to 18 months, is there a trend up or down from these levels on the margin side?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah, I think there's too many -- too much volatility for us to really give specific guidance on this. Again, we don't know exactly what's going to happen with nitrile gloves, but we do know that there's a worldwide shortage and what that means to pricing and margin is still ahead of us, I don't want to just speculate on that. So, I think we just really can't give specific guidance along those lines at this time. So hopefully in Q4 we will have better insight. 
Jeffrey Johnson: Yeah, understood. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi, thanks for the time here. So there's been a lot of questions asked about a lot of very important parts of the progression and the model. But what I think we might benefit from is even if it's philosophical. But as you think about getting into planning for 2021 and beyond, when you try to piece together all the parts, even if we just isolate and say, hey, let's just talk about the top line. When you've got a base business, excluding COVID related items that that's flat in the middle of a pandemic and then you have probably an elevated PPE tailwind for some. What would it take to get 2021 revenues to be lower than 2019, is there a way we can sort of set a floor here?
Stanley M. Bergman: We remain quite optimistic in the return of the business, specifically in dentistry given the fact that the strength in business, the dentists starting in June, we were quite surprised with how fast the recovery occurred and remain optimistic that that will continue to increase. People want to see dentists and there's a huge trust that dental offices are safe. So we can't say for sure how many quarters the COVID high test data will continue but as the data comes down, I think you can expect for dentists offices to fill up to the rate of 2019. I think dentists are dealing with the inefficiency in the office because of -- control, they are getting much better at that. But as we get into, say, the middle of 2021 I think we can expect to go back to normalcy of where it was in 2019. It all depends, of course, on when the vaccine will be available and how effective it will be. But it seems like the 75% to 80% number is a number that looks good for this time. And from there, I think we'll build up based on the effectiveness of the vaccine and actually more testing availability. We have seen that in markets where there is comfort and return to normal rates such as China, Australia, New Zealand. People are very comfortable going to the dentist and our specialty businesses, for example, in those markets are doing extremely well. So we are enthusiastic that we will return to more normal rates sometime in the middle of next year, assuming that the vaccine kicks in and is relatively efficient. But it seems like we've hit more or less the floor. But again, it's very hard to give you a precise timing on all of that.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay, that's fair. Two very quick follow-ups, one for Stan, one for Steve. Stanley, I wonder if you could spend just a minute on the TDSC transaction. I realize it's not a huge business that that you're acquiring here, but it might be a pretty significant segment of the market that you can go after a little bit more acutely, could you just talk about the definition of that customer segment of the market that you're going after a little bit more, perhaps more effectively with TDSC as part of the portfolio here? And then, Steve, I wondered if you could spend a minute on what I've been calling cost savings discovery. So, COVID has given us a window into where we might have been spending money here and there. We've obviously had to stop spending money on certain things like travel. How is that progression going, how close are you to maybe putting a dollar amount or basis points on what might be a permanent cost savings from that discovery effort? Thank you. 
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you. So, very good question again on the TDSC. We see that there's always been a market for let’s put it this way, non-full-service, non-high-touch, that was the market Henry Schein was in a couple of decades ago. And the percentage of business being transacted through what was originally mail order that went to telesales and now is defined as e-commerce has been relatively constant up to the end of 2019. During the COVID period it increased just like all e-commerce increased. Both the e-commerce only businesses, online only businesses, and our own website where the volumes of business that were transacted digitally increased. We've always had a strong relationship with organized dentistry and there is a part of the market that would like to transact business digitally only, online only. And so we made an investment alongside the California Dentists Association to enter the online only marketplace. We are through other investments in the United States and particularly abroad invested in alternate channels, and although these channels have not exhibited significantly faster growth rates than the full service part until the end of 2019, we think that it is important for us to service this part of the market and to provide both options to dentists in the United States, as by the way we do in Europe and elsewhere. So we will keep the two models side by side and we'll service them both from the same distribution network.
Steven Paladino: So on cost saving items, Steve, so there's two primary areas that we're still evaluating and focusing on, and we think we will be able to save expenses on. The first travel, but it's really broader than just travel. It also includes things like conventions, even investor meetings not sure. I think everyone knows on this call that now virtual investor meetings and conferences, similarly with conventions is more virtual items. So we certainly believe there's opportunity there for travel, to significantly reduce travel. Things like video conferencing certainly work. I think the people who were a little bit skeptical previous to this I think realized that while it's not as good as in person, it's really good and in many cases cancel flights. So that's one area that we're still evaluating. And the second area is we do believe that there's a fair amount of our Team Schein members who can work from home either permanently or on a hybrid basis. And we're doing a person by person detailed review to determine what that opportunity is. But certainly we do think that that opportunity over the longer term will be a benefit for us. But just recognize on that, the real estate footprint, it will take a little bit longer to reduce the real estate footprint or whatever that those lower needs will be. But both of those are still under evaluation. We don't have final answers on either one but we certainly believe that they will drive some costs, some permanent cost savings going forward. We have not yet quantified the specific amount.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay, thank you for all the help there.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Glen Santangelo with Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Glen Santangelo: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Stan, I just want to follow up on something we talked about last quarter around the vaccine opportunity. I think, 90 days ago you thought it was a little bit too early to speculate on if there would be a potential role for Henry Schein and what that could maybe look like. Have you given any more thought to that as we get closer to hopefully the launch of a successful vaccine here and maybe what will Henry Schein could play given where you sit at the supply channel?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, Glen, I think that there will be a role for Henry Schein once the vaccine is outside of government distribution. Since it is expected, at least, it's our view that vaccines will at some point be administered in physician offices and in the workplace. We have a very nice workplace health care business. And so once we're through the initial government period of distribution of these vaccines using a third party logistics provider and when these vaccines return or become available through normal commercial operations, we expect that Henry Schein will have a role to play as we have in administering vaccines in general. And we've had that role for decades. Likewise, with testing we think that as the government takes less of the tests and allows the private sector to manage testing to a greater extent, that Henry Schein will receive a greater allocation of tests as well. 
Glen Santangelo: Maybe if I can just follow-up one more, stepping back from all the near-term questions around utilization, I was just kind of curious if the performance of DSOs in the current environment is maybe very different than independent practices and in this environment any longer term impact to the customer mix going forward, any discernible trends you're seeing between the two different classes? 
Stanley M. Bergman: I think basically we're on the same trajectory. The last DSO is growing to the extent they can secure dentists. The midsized practitioners that's growing to a greater extent. But there still is a very solid base of private practitioners. I doubt that one or two practice will survive long, but three or four or five practitioners going to maybe 10 in the practice has in my view, quite a lot of runway. So I don't think there's any marked difference in where dentistry will be practiced. But the trend that we've seen over the years is likely to continue and as it has moderately and the movement upstream will continue in a moderate way, to grow in a moderate way. So I don't see any significant dislocation of where dentistry will take place, although the trend will continue upstream. 
Glen Santangelo: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: I'll now turn the conference back over for any closing comments. 
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you very much, operator. We do feel very comfortable everyone with our strategy. We are comfortable that we will continue to serve the dental needs across the globe and we are comfortable through our hybrid full service model and in certain markets, digital only model. That this will be a very good strategy going forward as we provide more value added services to our customers, helping them operate a more efficient practice so that they can provide better clinical care. We believe that infection control is important in both the dental offices and medical offices and that we can provide the necessary PPE that is needed and that testing will become more important in our physician offices going forward. We also believe that our equipment businesses in dental are on solid footing. There may be a slight going back perhaps in the U.S. dental market as the DSO numbers compared to the previous year as we had a very strong fourth quarter DSO last year. But overall, we're comfortable that our dental equipment business in the United States and in Europe is on a solid footing with decent backlogs throughout. So as well just to comment with any questions on this, but we believe Henry Schein One is providing great value, moving towards more of cloud based software and are very comfortable and excited with that business opportunity.  So let me end today where I started and once again extend thanks to Team Schein members across the globe for their unrelenting efforts on behalf of our customers, the team's passion, their commitment to Henry Schein has been nothing short of remarkable. As it relates to our businesses, we believe we are well positioned, as I noted, due to our breadth of products, services, and support with solid momentum to build shareholder value as we emerge from the COVID-19 pandemic. Again, it is clear that there is a demand for dentistry and for the physician based practice as procedures move from the acute care setting to more of the ultimate care setting. And we remain quite optimistic about the future of Henry Schein. So thank you for joining us today and look forward to speaking to you on our next call. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude your call for today. Thank you all for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, Regina, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the second quarter of 2020. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer at Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the Risk Factors section of such filings.  In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. Our conference call remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures can be found in the supplemental information section of our Investor Relations website and in exhibit B of today's press release, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website.  The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, August 4, 2020. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. [Operator Instructions].  With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Over the past few months, we have witnessed dental and medical practices continue to reopen worldwide. While patient volumes are still below pre-COVID-19 levels, the recovery in the dental and medical end markets is progressing at a far more rapid pace than we had originally anticipated. We are, of course, closely monitoring these trends, in particular, because a number of U.S. states and a certain number of international geographies are experiencing an uptick in diagnosed COVID-19 cases. While this is leading to stricter social distancing requirements set in certain places, we have not, at this point, seen dental and medical practices closing in any meaningful way despite the recent rise in cases. Of course, we will continue to monitor any potential impact to health care services in those regions, and we are prepared to implement additional cost-saving measures as warranted. But at this point, practices seem to be opening. Those that have opened seem to be staying opened, and there's a gradual increase in more practices opening.  One of the critical issues we've faced when COVID-19 emerged was demand for personal protective equipment, that's the PPE. We are pleased to report that we made solid strides on procuring PPE during the past 3 months, including expansion of sourcing in critical product categories, the addition of high-quality substitute products that are regulatory compliant and adapting our transportation model to shorten lead times in product delivery from factories. As a result, we have significantly expanded our PPE supply chain capabilities and availability of product. Our team around the globe has worked diligently to position Henry Schein through this crisis so that we emerge as a stronger company. We are, of course, still in the midst of the pandemic. However, we believe we are successfully navigating the daily rapid changing challenges we are well positioned -- and are well positioned, we believe, for the future.  As we look to the future, together with the entire Henry Schein Board of Directors, I have the utmost confidence in Henry Schein's business strategy, in our leadership team and indeed, all of Team Schein. Once again, I offer my sincere thanks to Team Schein across the globe for the team's unwavering commitment to our customers, extraordinary work effort during this time and for the sacrifices the team has made for the benefit of Henry Schein's long-term business, which we believe is on a solid sound footing and has -- as a company, we've done a very, very good job, we believe, in satisfying our customers' needs.  At this time, I'll hand the call over to Steven to discuss our financial performance, and then I'll provide some additional commentary on our view of current business conditions. Steven?
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to all. As we begin, I'd like to point out that I will be discussing our results from continuing operations as reported on a GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis. Our Q2 2020 and Q2 2019 non-GAAP results exclude certain items that are detailed in exhibit B of today's press release and in the supplemental information section of our Investor Relations website. Please note that we have again included a corporate sales category for Q2 that represents sales to Covetrus under the transitional services agreement.  As Stanley mentioned, our 2020 second quarter results were impacted by COVID-19 but to a much lesser extent than we had originally expected. As we mentioned on our last earnings call, in response to COVID-19 pandemic, we have implemented a broad-based cost reduction initiative, including a payroll cost reduction plan centered around furloughs, reduced work hours, voluntary unpaid time off, a suspension of our 401(k) match and certain job reductions. Over the course of the last few months, we have reevaluated the need for each of these initiatives, and I'm pleased to say that given the recovery we are experiencing in certain markets, our TSMs have begun to return from furlough and reduced hours, particularly TSMs and customer-facing roles. We expect the remaining furloughed TSMs to return by the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2020. We will continue to closely monitor the health of our business and remain prepared to take additional cost-saving measures if necessary.  Now turning to our financial results. Our net sales for the quarter ended June 27, 2020, were $1.7 billion, reflecting a decline of 31.2% compared with the second quarter of 2019, with internally generated sales declining in local currencies at 30.5%. You could see the dental sales performance is contained, and all of the details of our sales performance are contained in exhibit A in our earnings press release, which was issued today.  On a GAAP basis, operating margin for the second quarter of 2020 was negative 0.4%, representing a decrease of 707 basis points compared with the second quarter of 2019. On a non-GAAP basis, our operating margin was 0.5% and contracted by 662 basis points on a year-over-year basis. A reconciliation of GAAP operating margin to non-GAAP operating margin can be found in the supplemental information page on the Investor Relations page of our website. The margin contraction in the quarter was primarily due to a reduction of global dental sales and related gross profit as well as other factors related to COVID-19, including certain inventory charges associated with PPE.  Turning to taxes. Our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2020 was 5.9%. This compares with 23.6% GAAP effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2019. Our GAAP effective tax rate was a bit distorted given the pretax loss in the second quarter of 2020.  Moving on. GAAP net loss from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein for the second quarter of 2020 was $11.4 million or negative $0.08 per basic share, and this compares with the prior year GAAP net income from continuing operations of $116.8 million or $0.78 per share. Non-GAAP net income from continuing operations for the second quarter of 2020 was slightly positive at $0.6 million or rounding to $0.00 per basic share, and this compares with the non-GAAP net income from continuing operations of $125.7 million or $0.84 per share for the second quarter of '19.  On a continuing operations basis, amortization from acquired intangible assets for Q2 2020 was $24.9 million pretax or $0.13 per diluted share and that compares to $28.0 million pretax or $0.14 per diluted share for the same period last year.  For the first half of 2020, our amortization from acquired intangible assets was $53.7 million pretax or $0.28 per diluted share, and that compares with $49.8 million pretax or $0.25 per diluted share in the same period last year. In Q2 of 2020, foreign currency exchange positively impacted our diluted EPS by approximately $0.01 per share.  Let me now provide some details of our sales results for the second quarter. In general, dental sales performed better than anticipated as practices reopened sooner than we expected during the quarter. Our dental sales of $941.3 million declined 41.2% compared with the prior year, with a decline in internal sales in local currencies of 40.1%. North American internal sales in local currencies declined 46.9% and included a decline of 47.5% in sales of dental consumable merchandise and a decline of 44.9% in dental equipment. Our international dental internal sales in local currency declined 29.5% and included a 29.2% decline for dental consumable merchandise sales and a 30.5% decline in dental equipment. We experienced an increase in sales as the quarter progressed in line with more practices reopening and increased patient traffic. In addition, global dental sales in the second quarter benefited from PPE sales, which increased by more than 30% compared to the prior year.  If we look at our dental specialty products in Q2, internal sales of our global dental specialty products decreased 39% in local currencies, and we believe this higher-margin product category has solid growth potential over the long term.  Turning to medical sales. Our medical sales were $617.8 million, a decrease of 11.4% compared to the same period last year. There was no material impact from foreign currency exchange on our global medical sales, and there was no acquisition growth during the quarter. The 11.4% decline included the 12.1% decline in North America with internationally internally generated sales in local currencies at 13.3%. Our medical sales also resulted in fairly resistant sales due to strong demand for PPE products, which grew approximately 140% over Q2 of last year.  Technology and value-added services sales were $105.2 million in the second quarter, a decline of 15.9%, which reflects a decline in internally generated sales in local currencies of 17.0%. In North America, the tech and value-added services internal sales declined by 15.1% in local currencies. And internationally, the technology internal sales declined by 29.8% in local currencies during the quarter.  We generally saw improvements in our transactional software revenue throughout the quarter as more patients started to visit practices worldwide. As we discussed on the Q1 earnings call in early May, we temporarily suspended our share repurchase program as a means to preserve cash in response to the impact of COVID-19 on our business operations and due to certain restrictions related to financial covenants. As of today, the company has $201.2 million authorized for future repurchases of common stock. Currently, we have access to significant liquidity, providing flexibility and financial stabilization in this challenging environment. Our operating cash flow from continuing operations for the second quarter was negative $91.6 million, and that compares to positive $165.5 million for the second quarter of last year. The year-over-year decline was primarily due to lower net income and higher working capital requirements from inventory purchases this quarter.  As part of our previously disclosed restructuring initiative, we recorded a pretax charge in Q2 2020 of $15.9 million or $0.08 per diluted share. This restructuring charge primarily includes severance pay and facility closing costs and reflects opportunities to reduce expenses and drive operating efficiencies. We expect to continue our restructuring initiatives through the end of this year.  I'll conclude my remarks on the topic of financial guidance. Again, due to the continued uncertainty surrounding COVID-19 pandemic and its impact to our business operations, we will not be providing 2020 financial guidance at this time.  So with that, I will turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Let me review our business performance from the second quarter and recent weeks, and let me start with Dental. Substantially all of the dental markets that we serve showed -- that we serve showed notable sales improvements during the second half of the quarter with the exception of the U.K., which is progressing more slowly due to the timing of reopening. China recovered from the beginning of April and Germany and Austria were less impacted by lockdowns. A number of other international geographies began to improve towards the middle of the quarter with the Netherlands, France, Italy, New Zealand and Australia recovering first, followed by Spain and Brazil. And then, of course, the U.S. and at the end of that, Canada, which is lagging the U.S. by about a month or so.  We were pleased that our second quarter sales for both dental consumable merchandise and equipment fared much better than our expectations at the time of our first quarter earnings call as practices reopen and patients returned to the dentists for clinical care.  Steven commented on our year-over-year PPE growth for Henry Schein. To add some color to this discussion on the importance of PPE, prior to the onset of COVID-19, our PPE sales as a percentage of global dental sales were in the mid-single digits. That increased to approximately 11% of our total dental sales by the end of the second quarter. So it went up quite a bit, but not hugely material in the context of total sales. Dental equipment sales in the second quarter also declined less than we originally anticipated as a number of practices move forward with capital equipment purchases for both traditional and high-technology solutions. As a result, in North America, traditional equipment sales declined by approximately 40%, while high-tech equipment sales experienced approximately 54% decrease.  Within our high-tech category, laser sales had a healthy increase in the second quarter, although off a relatively small base. And CAD/CAM equipment sales, which includes digital impression, full chairside and related laboratory sales declined by approximately 60% in North America in the second quarter. 2D and 3D imaging sales declined 53% year-over-year. Internationally, traditional equipment sales declined by approximately 28%, and high-tech equipment sales experienced an approximate 36% decrease in local currencies. International CAD/CAM equipment sales also declined approximately 36%. It is impossible to predict our growth trend for PPE going forward, but we expect that PPE will continue to constitute a meaningful portion of our dental sales going forward as safety protocols remain a necessity for safely seeing patients in the dental practice.  A new product category that we believe will gain traction going forward is air management equipment, including extraoral suction devices and air purification systems, which are -- which we are distributing today. As more emphasis is placed on infection control and the safety of ambient air, we expect this to become an increasingly important product category, although with minimal impact in the second quarter. In line with the survey data published by the American Dental Association, our experience has been that most U.S. dental practices have reopened, although not at full capacity. The latest ADA data suggests that in the U.S., patient volumes have improved significantly since late May. However, patient capacity continues to be constrained as the amount of time it takes to implement required safety procedures impacts the number of patients that can be seen in a given day. That said, we are seeing that more dentists and hygienists are working longer hours to compensate for this. We would expect efficiencies and practices getting used to the additional PPE and being used and additional safety precautions. As they get used to that, we think productivity is likely to increase.  Overall, the data we see through our commercial insurance, eClaims processing in the U.S. correlates with the most recently published survey data by the ADA, which shows that dental practices in the U.S. in July have recovered approximately 70% -- or to 70% of pre-COVID-19 patient volume.  As we look closer into our eClaims data, we are seeing patients return for regular oral care procedures. This is important, including hygiene visits, as opposed to mainly visiting a dentist for emergency reasons such as pain management. And so the underlying business in the dental practice seems to be on solid footing. In the U.S., coming off a strong June sequential comparison, we saw July versus June eClaims data for emergency procedures increased by approximately 30%, but here's what's important. While other procedures grew by approximately 35%, for July, global dental sales increased in the mid-single-digit percentage range year-over-year, which stands in stark contrast to the 70% decline we saw in April. In both North America and international, dental markets growth was primarily driven by strong consumable merchandise sales. Dental equipment sales were only slightly -- were down -- only down slightly in North America and internationally in July. So we've seen a pretty stable environment emerging on the dental equipment side as well.  Looking at our dental specialty businesses, which is comprised of implant, endodontic and orthodontic sales, much like the trend with the general dental practices, patients have been returning for specialist procedures, both in the U.S. and internationally. This began in May and continued in June and significantly in July. We are particularly pleased with our implant sales performance in the DACH region, specifically Germany, where internal sales in local currencies in the second quarter declined only slightly versus the prior year.  Henry Schein spent the last quarter working closely with our customers to build a road map to navigate through practice disruption, including assistance with business continuity planning and practice recovery for both practices and large group customers as well as third-party financing programs. These programs include a host of Henry Schein One software solutions that enable patient engagement related to bookings, procedures and practice safety as well as assistance, developing and operating virtual waiting rooms. These adoption -- the adoption of these changes in workflow driven by Henry Schein One have been well received and yes, in the beginning, are a little bit time-consuming, resulting in inefficiencies in the practice but of course, resulting in increased sepsis control. And we think that over time, the practices, again, will become much more efficient. We are committed to understanding our customers' challenges, obviously, and delivering programs that not only see our customers through these difficult times but also prepare practices for future growth. Our hands-on consultant approach is a key differentiator for our businesses and why our customers really rely on us. I think the COVID period showed our customers why our hands-on consultative approach really is important to the practice.  Now let's review the medical business. And here, I would like to remind investors, we focus on office-based practitioners; we focus on surgicenters, particularly the smaller ones; and on urgicenters; customers that are in renal dialysis; cancer center field; our community health centers, but we do not focus on long-term care nor the acute care space.  And in our second quarter, medical sales were fairly resilient due to the strong demand for PPE. A portion of U.S. physician offices remained open throughout the second quarter, although with reduced patient volume. As such, sales of consumable merchandise and PPE, medical -- the PPE in the medical market helped offset the decline we experienced in the dental market.  Prior to the onset of COVID-19, PPE sales as a percentage of our medical sales were in the high single digits. By the end of the second quarter, that increased to more than 12%. Important, but not significantly important because our general business in the medical field did grow as the quarter progressed and, of course, into July.  As mentioned earlier, with regard to dental PPE, we cannot predict long-term growth of this product category among medical customers. However, we believe PPE will continue to be a meaningful portion of medical sales as practices seek to create a safe environment for both patients and yes, the staff. We have consistently worked to make available a variety of COVID points -- COVID-19 points of care diagnostic tests in the U.S. specifically focusing on rapid tests as well as testing solutions in general. We believe our long-term relationship with -- relationships with world-class diagnostic companies and the deep breadth of our distribution know-how, network in the medical arena for customers using testing diagnostics in their office positions us well to continue to deliver these important testing products to the market over time.  Throughout these challenging times, we have worked closely with our customers, including physicians, large group enterprises, alternate care sites in general, urgicenter dialysis centers, yes, EMS, schools, community health centers and government organizations. This included assistance with the procurement of PPE and other infection control solutions and safely engaging with patients and in reopening practices in line with the recommended guidelines published by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.  As we look to the future, we will increasingly leverage our telemedicine solutions such as Medpod and VisualDx for diagnosing and treating patients virtually. We plan to continue to invest in this health platform, which has a potential to increase access to acute care, improve the quality of care, reduce costs, enhance patient engagement and, of course, drive efficiency in the health care practitioner's office.  In July, our medical experience -- sales experienced a solid double-digit year-over-year increase, a significant improvement to the nearly 30% year-over-year sales decline we experienced in April. We experienced positive medical sales growth in July as PPE sales continue to be strong, but the strength was felt and experienced actually throughout the product selection that we offer in the medical business.  So now let's move on to technology and value-added services. This is primarily Henry Schein One, but also includes our financial services business and our brokerage business, practice sales, transitional services. Technology and value-added services sales experienced a single-digit percentage decline year-over-year in July, which has also significantly proven from the approximately 25% year-over-year decline in April. The decline in the second quarter was mainly due to lower than historical patient flow that impacted transactional revenue. And of course, as I mentioned, financial services revenue was lower year-over-year as practice transitions and equipment leasing were impacted.  Henry Schein One software sales began to improve as we progressed through the second quarter, in line with the resumption of dental practice operations. In particular, we have seen improvements in the monthly transactional software revenue trends for services such as eClaims as more patient visits occur in the U.S. but also in other countries, but specifically Europe, Australia and New Zealand, where Henry Schein One is active. And yes, credit card processing. With the launch of our electronic statement solution with online payments acceptance, this also has been well received and contributed to sales.  With regards to practice management systems sales in the second quarter, we did have success with signing new customers for both our Ascend, that's our leading cloud-based solutions; and our Dentrix Enterprise platform as large-scale customers sought solutions to help manage their operation centrally. Having a single patient record helps large multi-site dental organizations focus their team on value-added activities instead of having to spread the responsibility out of each location. Due to the remote capabilities of these products, dental customers were able to use our products to keep many of their team members safely working from home.  Last, my -- to many dental service organizations, DSO, as known in the dental space, we're looking to improve their technology while most of their locations were seeing fewer patients. In addition, the ability for dentists to communicate and engage with patients through our recurring revenue platforms was critical during this reduced period of dental operations. Providing information on practice reopening plans and safety measures, virtual waiting room capabilities, communication templates, patient forms and contactless patient processes all have been critical solutions for our customers in response to COVID-19. Dental practices have relied on Henry Schein for these patient engagements and demand creation software solutions as they navigate office closures, staff furloughs and resumption of procedure bookings.  Through our COVID-19 education center, we moved quickly to develop content and programs to help customers navigate through this crisis. This included symposiums, webinars and guidance to help customers secure financial relief, communicate with patients, manage disruptions to practice operations and use downtime to develop staff skills and stage practice operations to bounce back from COVID-19 in the closure period. I think these programs were quite successful as demonstrated by the increase in demand for products in July.  I would also note that in July, Henry Schein One announced the acquisition of a cloud-based U.K. dental software provider, Dentally, which expands our international presence and enhances our practice management software solution portfolio. This addition will further Henry Schein One's goal of providing integrated management systems that help dentists and their teams to constantly improve each stage of the patient's experience.  In light of evolving practice needs resulting from COVID-19, we'll -- we believe our ongoing investment in software solutions positions us very well to meet our customers' needs in the challenging clinical environment that our customers are experiencing and going through and as the industry emerges from the pandemic.  So in conclusion, we looked across all of our business groups, we're seeing accelerated sales from lows early in the second quarter, gradually increasing. It's almost like a V. We went down rapidly in April and started coming up in May and June and now quite robustly in July. We remain cautiously optimistic about immediate future. Obviously, if the trends continue, we're going to be fine. We actually expect to have a good second half. But of course, the spread of the virus could impact that, although we doubt it will go back to closures the way we saw early on in the pandemic, as I think both the medical and dental professionals -- professions have grown accustomed to working in this environment and have put in very good procedures to deal with patients' visits. Of course, we're closely monitoring cases and potential impact on customers' activity and with an eye to focusing on cash management as I expect our investors would want us to do.  So our enthusiasm for both our near and long-term business prospects remains unchanged. The team is in high spirits, having worked very, very hard. It's been a very stressful time for every single Team Schein member as it is for the public in general. But I think we gave our customers a good service capability during this period. Of course, there were times when the V went down and had emerged very rapidly and put stresses on our systems. We were, I believe, the telephone address for every single health care practitioner in our space seeking PPE, whether they were Schein customers or not. So tons and tons of telephone calls and e-exchanges, but we got through it and are experiencing a good July and beginning of August.  So with that in mind, Steve and I would be very pleased to take any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays.
Steven Valiquette: I guess the sales decline in consumables versus equipment was pretty comparable in both North America and international. So I guess going forward, do you expect more of a dispersion maybe in the sales trends between the 2 categories where consumables could be more resilient and maybe equipment could lag a little bit if it's more economically sensitive? Or does that equipment lag maybe seem less likely now just given those current trends?
Stanley Bergman: A very, very good question, obviously, and one that we deliberate on regularly. We feel that, of course, the consumables, to a large extent, are based on customer visits. We feel that there is strength in that market. Practices are buying product, of course, because they are seeing patients. PPE is important, but it's not a huge part of the total purchase of practitioners. It's a greater percent of the total purchases in the past, but it's not huge. And I think practices are seeing the importance of investing in the practice. I think practices want to show that they are using modern equipment, in particular, that they are investing in infection control-type equipment, including making sure that their chairs and the imaging equipment and the CAD/CAM is the latest with the best available infection control.  So I think we're pretty optimistic on the dental side with consumables and equipment. But obviously, we -- there's no way to predict where this is heading. July was strong both ways, and each of the markets are slightly different. Remember that parts of Europe like Germany came back much sooner. China came back much sooner, so more normalized right now. But -- and there's this whole new area of infection control equipment. It won't be necessarily hugely material but will be additive. And I think we have great know-how and access to product in that area.  So I think we remain optimistic on both sides, both on the consumable side, on the equipment side for dental. And likewise, on the medical side, given that there will be a greater demand for testing equipment and we have some good solid manufacturers that are providing us with product. Of course, in the early days, most of that product went to the government, but now it's being made available to the private sector and our channel's picking up a decent share of that availability and market share. So I think both on the consumables and equipment side in dental and medical, we remain optimistic, although you can't predict the future perfectly and all this is subject to our disclosures but very, very optimistic about the future of the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research.
Steve Beuchaw: I wanted to ask just two quick ones. One is, as it relates to PPE. So Stanley, you just made a mention of how there have been some challenges unique to this time as it relates to PPE and where the supply is being directed. I appreciate all the color on PPE demand growth and mix in the quarter. Can you give us a sense for if you had a full supply, all the supply you wanted of PPE, where the growth in that category might have been in the second quarter? And then -- and my second one is on vaccines. It would be helpful if you could just remind us how it is you're involved in vaccine distribution, what your role is there? And to what extent as a part of the White House's COVID-19 Supply Chain Task Force you have visibility into what your role will be in distributing COVID-19 vaccine when they do become available?
Stanley Bergman: Those are two, of course, very important questions. Let me deal with the second one, which is a much shorter answer and concise answer. Well, it's still early. I think we can expect to participate in the distribution of COVID-19 vaccines once vaccinations are approved by the FDA. And I'll remind everyone, we only are in the pharmaceutical distribution and vaccine injectable business in the United States in our medical business. Our medical business abroad is relatively small, but not on the pharmaceutical side. And of course, the product was made available by the FDA and available under provisions of the CDC, the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, under their guidelines. But we've had well-established history of participating in public-private partnerships that address complex health care safety issues.  So together, corporations, government and other industries, others in industry, including NGOs, can work together to leverage the resources and infrastructure needs to get these products out. And we believe Henry Schein is well recognized as a major contributor in the area of public-private partnerships. So we remain hopeful that we will be able to continue to play a good role in this area. We work very well and I think have been a very good member of the task force, the FEMA task force, which I might add, in my view, has done very, very good work in the last couple of months. And so I think our role will be recognized. Obviously, when these products become available through normal distribution channels, as one of the largest providers of vaccines to office-based practitioners, I would expect that we would have an important role there. But in the general overall distribution of vaccines and PPE and stockpiling, I would hope that our credibility and our history of working in public-private partnerships effectively working will be recognized.  Now on availability of PPE. So the biggest challenge at the beginning of the crisis was that N95s and respiratory-type masks were not really used in the office-based practitioner environment. They were not used in dental offices and rarely in medical offices. The surgical flat mask was what was used. So we had a push for recognition within the supply chain, both to government and private sector, of the importance of dentists and alternate care site providers in preventing patients from actually ending up in the hospital and, therefore, should be given access to these products.  We did have a challenge in April. And in the early part of May, we did have access to some of this product, and we're encouraged by the FEMA to move that product into the medical channel more than the dental channel. But we probably had more access to legitimate regulatory-approved product than most. And as the quarter progressed, we did have more access to these respiratory masks, the N95s and KN95 masks. And I think we played an important role in satisfying the needs. But at no time did we have completely adequate product to satisfy our customers' needs. A highly volatile market because regulatory authorities in the United States and abroad, really, were navigating in environments where U.S.-approved FDA product was in relative short supply or approved product in Europe was in relatively short supply. So emergency provisions were passed and the regulations were quite volatile.  We navigated through this and all times, we believe, distributed product that was regulatory compliant, I cannot say that, that was the case amongst all of the providers of these products in our markets. Very volatile. We had access -- we did champion the needs of dentists and the alternate care physician sites, including EMT, during the process in the United States and abroad. But it was a challenging time. I think we learned a lot. Our suppliers are understanding the importance of providing product to our channel. I believe that governments are, in different parts of the world, are understanding the importance of dentists and of alternate care suppliers. So we are in a better place today, but we did not have enough product going into this, certainly not during the second quarter. Availability is much better today, not perfect. And we are working with governments and manufacturers around the world, including logistics providers, to make these products available rapidly. And I think we're in a decent place today.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jon Block with Stifel.
Jonathan Block: Stanley, the first one I'm going to burn is on a clarification. Did you say global dental sales were up mid-single digits year-over-year in July? Or was that just a merchandise-specific number? I didn't get if that included equipment or not. And then, I guess, a follow-on to that same question would just be, either way, can you just talk to the separation in your July number of up mid-single digits versus -- ADA has sort of been stagnating at around 70% of pre-COVID levels. Is it purely your PPE exposure? Is it inventory rebuild at the practices? Is it your international exposure? What are some of the drivers causing your, call it, acceleration relative to that of the ADA numbers? And then I got a shorter follow-up.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Steven, maybe you should just address the specifics on dental sales increase in July, breaking it down between domestic or North America, as we call it, and international and also between consumables and equipment.
Steven Paladino: Sure. So the 11% that Stanley quoted in his prepared remarks -- sorry, not 11%, the mid-single-digit growth, sorry, my apologies, in July was for global dental sales. It included consumables and equipment. The consumables were stronger than the equipment, both domestically and internationally. But overall, a very strong number. I would though point out that you shouldn't take that as guidance for the quarter since we're not giving guidance. And as you know, there are times when sales are lumpy on the positive and on the negative side, but it is a good trend. And we do feel very optimistic that we're continuing to see an improvement in the market.
Stanley Bergman: Okay. And Jon, just to clarify. In the U.S., the recovery has been quite strong in July. And again, this is no indication of the future, but U.S. merchandise sales are topping high single digits. And that -- and versus Canada, which is even higher. So it's a pretty strong July. So we want to indicate to our investors and to the market that consumable sales in July have been strong. Having said that, that's no indication of where the rest of the quarter will go, although the first few days of August seem to have been relatively strong. Your question on, I guess, why are people going to the dentist? Or why is the -- why the strong sales versus the 70% the ADA and us are talking about, I think generally, dentists are working longer hours. I think there is some pent-up demand. Look, the patients didn't go to dentists in the United States for almost 2.5, 3 months. So there is some of that. But I have to say that in parts of Europe, in particular, Germany, that has really been open throughout this period, it's not bad. It's not quite 100%, but it's topping that. Of course, you can't compare it to China, which has been open for almost the entire quarter. But in general, we are much better than we thought we'd be. And actually very, very excited about that because we thought that this V would be much, much worse. So I can't give you specifics other than we do correlate more or less with the ADA's view in the United States.
Jonathan Block: Okay. Fair enough. I gained a lot on that first question. I think the July one was really what I wanted to get after. And thanks for the color, so I'll follow-up more offline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo with Guggenheim.
Glen Santangelo: Maybe just two quick follow-ups to questions that have been asked. With respect to Jon's question on the 70%, does it -- I think what we're all trying to figure out is does the July results kind of imply that there were some catch-up sales that may have been onetime in nature, and that's not really representative of what you're seeing on this run rate?
Stanley Bergman: There must have been some -- yes, of course. There must be some catch-up. People were not visiting the dentist for 2.5 or so months in the U.S. so there must be some catch-up there. Having said that, I think the PPE was pretty strong in June, but it's pretty strong in July as well. So I think practitioners have bought a lot of PPE in June but continue to buy it in July. But yes, I would say, Jon, there must be some catch-up in there. The exact number is hard to tell. But we're selling both PPE products and traditional consumable products in decent quantities at the moment, and it's really hard to pinpoint it. But so far, it looks pretty good. I can't imagine the market is significantly growing, so 5-plus percent to 10% or so, 9% in dental consumables is quite high. So part of that has to be catch-up. It's really -- we're in the guessing world exactly to split between normal servicing of consumables for the practice and how much is a catch-up of backlog and -- how much is incremental PPE that is now going to be part of the day-to-day purchases of dentists.
Glen Santangelo: Stanley, maybe if I can just ask a kind of a follow-up to that. With most of the dental offices open now, do you -- and speaking with your customers, do you have a sense that with the social distancing requirements, like, what full capacity may look like? Is that 70% representative of full capacity? Or you think it could be like 80% or 90% given the constraints that they're working with? And I appreciate that they're working longer hours as well. But I think what we're trying to assess is that in this sort of pre-vaccine environment that we're in, like, what is really sort of full capacity for dentists today?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Again, that's a question we spend a lot of time trying to figure out how to get perfectly right. But yes, dentists are far less efficient today because they're learning how to work through this environment. I believe efficiency will increase. I believe the dental hygiene part will increase also significantly. Hygiene has not been -- has not bounced back as fast as the rest of dentistry. And I think some dentists are doing a little bit of hygiene work because the patients, I think, at this stage are saying, "I'm here for a drill or a fill. Please take care of my hygiene. I know you. I'd rather work with you." But I believe that the hygiene part will come back also.  And that will move capacity -- it would expand capacity with dentists and move procedures to the hygienist. So overall, I think we're going to increase capacity. How much, it's hard to tell. And whether we had an excess of capacity in the U.S. or not is debatable. There are some that say we were close to capacity, and there are some that say there was excess capacity. Certainly, there's excess capacity in parts of the country. But the efficiency will increase here. And I think it's shown that in parts of the world like Germany, the capacity is not significantly down. So with a few months of extra experience, I think dentists will become more efficient. Again, this is not based on any empirical study. It's a gut of what we're hearing from our customers through the chatters from our salespeople. But I think we'll increase capacity quite a bit in the months ahead.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore.
Elizabeth Anderson: You commented on this a little bit, but I just wanted to better understand some of the dental equipment trends. So were you saying in the 2Q equipment demand and said that was sort of pre-COVID buying that sort of got -- or pre-COVID orders that sort of got fulfilled in the second quarter? Are you saying that people were maybe taking the time when their practices were closed to sort of, as you said, reequip with more state-of-the-art equipment or -- and then how people -- are more people -- do you have any visibility into how people are financing that given sort of the constraints on the cash flow that a lot of practices saw in the quarter?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Everything you said is in the mix how to get the exact numbers, the weighting. But I think there were some orders that were placed, of course, in the first quarter that we filled in the second. But I will also say that in April, we did not install a lot of equipment for 2 reasons. One -- in April and the first part of May for 2 reasons. One is customers asked us to hold back because they don't know where the cash flow is coming from. And at the same time, we were limiting the number of our technicians in the field. At the same time, I think government stimulation dollars, both in the United States and in other parts of the world, did help. But I think towards the end of the second quarter perhaps, June-ish, perhaps a week or two of May, dentists started realizing that they wanted to invest. They had time to look at the equipment. A lot of this equipment can now be examined and understood digitally. They had time to do that. And I think that resulted in some buying all towards making the practice more efficient, more infection control-driven, so it's all of the above. Hard to tell, but CAD/CAM was down quite a bit in the quarter, in the second quarter. And I think that is moving up now. And fewer visits to the dentists, more efficient. I think it's also something dentists want to show their patients. So digitally, a mold crown is something of more greater interest, I think, to the practitioner today. All of this is adding up and leading towards, at least at this time, solid demand for equipment.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just -- I know you're not formally giving guidance at this point. As we think about the continued ramp back up, there have obviously been a lot of questions in July. But if we think about -- if some of those were sort of hygiene patients, as you stated, that are started to come back in the third quarter, we should perhaps think that those people wouldn't, again, come for hygiene appointments until maybe like 1Q. So not to sort of model like an exactly linear demand coming back because you might see sort of like a dip in the fourth quarter from that perspective? Or is that sort of too soon to say?
Stanley Bergman: Steven?
Steven Paladino: Yes. I think, again, it's too soon to say. I think the tone that we're trying to say is, A, things are much better than we thought they would be 3 months ago; B, we're still seeing a progression and improvement in dental and medical practices; and C, right now, in the states in the U.S. that are showing an increased infection rate for COVID, we're not seeing any significant falloff in patient demand. But to really be more specific than that now, Elizabeth, I don't think really makes sense.
Operator: We have time for one last question coming from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson: I think a lot of focus here, we're all trying to figure out the sustainability of the July number. And I know and appreciate you don't want to give guidance. But Stanley, as I think about some of the comments you've made, the U.K. is lagging in recovery. We know some financing promotions and some CAD/CAM trade-in promotions just have started up in the last couple of weeks through you and some of your manufacturing partners. And I think of some of these catalysts that it feels like we have to respect the backlog issue and think about how much that helping in July, but there's also some further improvements on to come here. So we'd just like to kind of hear your thoughts on the puts and takes of how we take that July number and think about the next 3 to 6 months or so?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Thank you, Jeff. The same question, of course, we're trying to answer. And the market feels relatively strong compared to certainly where we thought it was heading. And even the last few weeks, it feels pretty good. Beyond that, I'm not sure what else we could say. Maybe, Steven, you can turn that thought into a more numerical...
Steven Paladino: Yes. Again, we don't really want to provide that level of specifics in the second half. We quoted the July number not as a trend that we expect to continue. I don't think we expect consumables to be up mid to high single digits in North America right now, but it's a positive trend. And again, it's really -- there's too much uncertainty into the market, in the market really, to give more specifics, Jeff. So sorry about that.
Jeffrey Johnson: No, understood. And then just final question, I guess, just -- and it's a blanket statement, and I haven't gone back and looked at my models, so maybe it's a dangerous statement to make. But no real acquisition benefit this quarter. It's probably one of the few quarters in a number of years we haven't seen a decent-sized benefit. You guys have been obviously good acquirers of business over many years. So just what's your outlook now that maybe the tenor of business is improving, the balance sheet is still strong? I would assume cash flow has been coming back. How should we think about your M&A plans over the next year or 2?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Jeff, whether there's actual contribution to earnings or dilution as a result of acquisitions this quarter, I'll leave it up to Steven to respond to and to confirm either way. We're slowly opening up the M&A pipeline and reactivating a number of deals that we were pretty close to before the COVID. These are all strategic, I think, and we're hopeful that there will be accretion coming. No guarantees in the not-too-distant future. Steven, I don't know if you want to comment any further.
Steven Paladino: Yes. So again, as Stanley said, we probably won't do any really large cash acquisitions in the very short term. Again, we still want to be cautious. But we are looking at doing some activity that was put on pause. There's still a lot of work to do to see what the impact was on those companies that we're targeting. But we would hope to do something before the end of the year, possibly. And typically, our acquisitions, it takes us until we integrate, which is generally 6 to 12 months before we start getting any GAAP-based accretion.
Stanley Bergman: So thank you, everybody. Thank you, Steven. Thank you, everybody, for your interest. I think you can tell from our prepared remarks and the way we've responded to the questions that we feel a deep sigh of relief that our expectations turned out better than we thought. The V did not go down as far, and the bottom of the V did not go down as far and the coming up was much more rapid. Of course, we're not through the virus yet. But I think practitioners on the dental side are much better equipped to handle these challenges. From our point of view, more PPE available, high-quality and regulatory-approved. And there is certain infection control equipment that we are making available. That should also allow for the public to be much more comfortable going to the dentist. Our medical position in the business has been well positioned also before COVID and especially now during the COVID period. And so we remain quite comfortable with our short-term plans and midterm plans and quite optimistic about the future of the company as we go back to implementing our long-term strategies. So thank you for your interest, and we look forward to reporting back to you in 3 months. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's call. Thank you all for joining, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you very much Holly. And my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the first quarter of 2020. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the Risk Factors section of such filings. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. Our conference call remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance, and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes, and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. These reconciliations can be found in the Supplemental Information section of our Investor Relations website; and in Exhibit B of today's press release, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast May 5, 2020. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up during Q&A to allow as many -- excuse me, as many listeners as possible to ask a question. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Good morning. And thank you Carolynne. And thank you everyone for joining us. As we gather on this call today to discuss Henry Schein's first quarter 2020 results, we face an unprecedented public health and economic crisis from the COVID-19 pandemic. It was only a few months ago when we last spoke with investors during our year-end call and of course at the Chicago Dental Society Midwinter Meeting, yet so much has changed during that time. Over the last several weeks, our leadership team supported by our Board of Directors has had to make some very difficult decisions. The company has maintained focus on three key priorities: protecting the health and welfare of our Team Schein Members and the well-being and the Team Schein families. Assisting with business continuity for our customers and our suppliers. And third, sustaining financial health of the business in the midst of this uncertain macroeconomic landscape and of course positioning the company for the future. Beginning in mid-March, most of Henry Schein's dental customers worldwide began to suspend operations except for emergency procedures. Dental sales were approximately 65% of Henry Schein's total sales last year for the year 2019. Therefore these closures had, and of course, continue to have a meaningful impact on our business. Our Medical business, which serves physician offices; urgent care centers; ambulatory care sites; emergency medical techs' EMTs; dialysis centers; large enterprises such as group practices and IDNs the integrated delivery networks amongst other providers, represented approximately 30% of our total sales in 2019. As the COVID virus spread, many physician, offices limited patient flow due to social distancing guidelines. In turn, we moved into the second quarter -- as we moved into the second quarter, individuals increasingly sought critical care in hospital settings or interacted with their physicians online through telemedicine for example. And ambulatory care centers many of them were converted into COVID-19 treatment units. In the United States following [Technical Difficulty] Dental Association's guidance recommending that U.S. dental practitioners suspend seeing patients for elective procedures and that was of course issued on March 16, 2020, we were guided by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, FEMA to direct critical personnel products PPE to medical health care professionals and institutions and specifically to the hotspots. In our Medical business, PPE throughout the quarter was of course in high demand. As COVID rapidly gained momentum, we worked with our suppliers to expand availability and to prioritize the delivery of critical PPE and also brought to market rapid test solutions for health care professionals. Relative to our Henry Schein One dental software business, lower sales associated with reduced transactional services and fewer patient visits were partially offset by dental practices leveraging our software communications tools to stay connected with their patients. Our medical and technology and value-added services businesses both performed better than our dental business in the first quarter. In the face of revenue headwinds, we have taken swift and decisive actions to preserve cash. Cash is really important for us now, but more important positioning ourselves for the future including reducing our own cost structure to best position Henry Schein through this crisis and of course beyond; to ensure that we remain well-positioned to face any ongoing business challenge and of course for the future. The difficult decisions we have had to make to reduce costs have impacted all Team Schein Members across the company, all 19,000. We, of course, have not made these decisions lightly. Team Schein is our company's number one asset and a critical constituent in our mosaic of success, the constituents that make up the Henry Schein mosaic of success. And, of course, Team Schein as number one on that list along with our customers, suppliers, investors and society. Keep in mind that we continue to assess our cost reduction plans and adapt as required. We will do this in a very agile way. In an effort to preserve cash, we reduced or eliminated all nonessential capital expenditure. And in early March, we temporarily suspended our acquisition activity and share repurchase program. While we have provided intense focus on managing the impact of COVID-19 on our business, we simultaneously view the critical responsibility we have to help guide our customers through this extremely challenging time and our customers are really facing unprecedented challenges. As most of our dental and medical practices began to suspend operation, we focused on helping our customers build a road map to navigate through the disruptions to their practices. We are, of course, working closely with our customers to assist with business continuity planning for today. The key is to keep our customers economically afloat so that when patients go back to the practices they are ready; and in anticipation of all of this ensuring that our patient -- our practice -- our customers' practices are ready when patients start returning. Let me take this opportunity to offer my sincere thanks to our team for the valiant work and support during this extremely difficult time and offer my deep gratitude for the sacrifices our team are making. Most are working from home and the systems are working. And there's a huge number working in our DCs, in our distribution centers. And these distribution centers are functioning as normal; many, many orders, very frequently small orders for PPE that are frequently reordered because of availability. And the stuff comes in and goes out. At this time, I'd like to hand the call over to Steven to discuss our financial performance. And then I'll provide some additional commentary on our view of our current business conditions. Steven please.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to all. As we begin, I'd like to point out that I will be discussing our results from continuing operations as reported on a GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis. Our Q1 2020 and Q1 2019 non-GAAP results exclude certain items that are detailed in Exhibit B of today's press release and in the Supplemental Information section of our Investor Relations website. Please note that we have again included a corporate sales category for Q1 that represents sales to Covetrus under the transitional services agreements. As Stanley mentioned, our 2020 first quarter results were negatively impacted by COVID-19. While it's difficult to quantify the precise impact, we saw negative effects of the virus beginning in March particularly as global dental practices began to suspend operations. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have implemented a broad-based cost reduction initiative, including having implemented a payroll cost reduction plan centered around furloughs, reduced work hours, voluntary unpaid time off, suspension of our 401(k) match and certain job reductions. As we proceed throughout the year, we will be closely monitoring the health of our business and we are prepared to take additional cost-saving measures as warranted. Before I walk through our financial performance for Q1, I would like to note that we recorded a noncash asset impairment charge of approximately $6.1 million pre-tax related to certain prepaid assets and intangible assets. We do not expect the impairment to have any future impact on our business operations or liquidity or cash flow from operating activities or any compliance with debt covenants. So turning now to our financial results. Net sales for the quarter ended March 28, 2020 were $2.4 billion, reflecting a 2.9% increase compared with the first quarter of 2019 with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 2.1%. COVID-19 negatively impacted our worldwide sales growth as many dental and medical practices have closed or are seeing a limited number of patients. Dental office closures occurred on somewhat of a rolling basis beginning in the mid-quarter first in China, then in Europe and then in the U.S. The details of our sales growth are contained in Exhibit A in our earnings press release that was issued this morning. On a GAAP basis operating margin for the first quarter of 2020 of 7.2%, represents a decrease of 15 basis points compared with the first quarter of 2019. On a non-GAAP basis, our operating margin of 7.4% also contracted by 15 basis points on a year-over-year basis. A reconciliation of GAAP operating margin to non-GAAP operating margin can be found in the Supplemental Information page on the Investor Relations page of our website. This margin contraction in the quarter was primarily due to a reduction in global dental sales that began in March due to the impact of COVID-19 as well as the $6.1 million pre-tax non-cash impairment charge. If we look at our taxes. Our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2020 was 22.4%. This compares with 24.6% GAAP effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2019. On a non-GAAP basis our effective tax rate was 22.5% and this compares with a prior year non-GAAP effective tax rate of 25.4%. Again, you can see the Supplemental Information page on our Investor Relations website for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP taxes. Our GAAP net income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein Inc. for the first quarter of 2020 was $130.5 million or $0.91 per diluted share and this compares with prior year GAAP net income from continuing operations of $118.4 million or $0.78 per diluted share. Non-GAAP net income from continuing operations for the first quarter of 2020 was $134.1 million or $0.94 per diluted share and this compares with non-GAAP net income from continuing operations of $120.6 million or $0.80 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2019. This represents growth of 11.3% and 17.5%, respectively. Providing some detail on our results. Due to the current economic environment with COVID-19, we recorded an incremental bad debt reserve for our global Dental business of approximately $10 million pre-tax for the quarter or about 20% of the existing reserve balance. This $10 million is an estimate based on how quickly dental offices reopen and how quickly patients return to those practices so it's therefore subject to ongoing analysis and adjustments. We also recorded a net credit in the quarter to our stock-based compensation of $17.5 million pre-tax reflecting our current expectation that none of our performance-based shares will vest due to the impact of COVID-19 on our earnings results. As referenced earlier, net income was also impacted by $6.1 million of non-cash impairment charges. On a continuing operations basis, amortization from acquired intangible assets for Q1 2020 was $26.8 million pre-tax or $0.14 per diluted share. This compares with $21.8 million pre-tax or $0.11 per diluted share in the same period last year. I will also note in Q1 of 2020 foreign currency exchange negatively impacted our diluted EPS by approximately $0.01 per share. I'll now provide some detail on our sales results for the first quarter. Dental sales of $1.5 billion declined 4.6% compared with the prior year with a decline in internal sales in local currencies of 3.7%. North American Dental sales were relatively in line with our expectations in both January and February. However in March this growth was negatively impacted by significant practice closures in the U.S. and virtually all the markets we serve worldwide. North American internal sales in local currencies declined 3.9% including a decline of 4.2% in sales of dental consumable merchandise and a decline of 2.7% in dental equipment. In Q1, North American internal sales in local currencies for high-tech equipment increased approximately 4.7% including growth in CAD/CAM equipment of approximately 14.5% and strong laser sales. This was offset by a decline in traditional equipment of 5.8%; and a decrease in digital imaging sales of 7.6%, which includes high-tech sensors, panoramic x-rays and 3D imaging. International Dental internal sales in local currencies declined 3.4% and included a 4% decline in sales of dental consumable merchandise and a 1.2% decline in dental equipment. Sales in Germany and to a lesser extent Australia and Brazil were not as significantly affected by COVID-19 compared with our other international geographies that we serve. In fact these currencies experienced positive total Dental internal sales growth in local currencies. Specific to Germany our largest dental market in Europe consumable merchandise internal sales in local currencies experienced a 2.1% sales decline. However, dental equipment sales increased by 13.8%. Turning to dental specialty products. In Q1 internal sales of global dental specialty products decreased 6.4% in local currencies. Our dental specialty sales were significantly impacted in the last month of the quarter as dental practices began to close. Dental specialty sales are still a relatively small portion of our total Dental sales, but they have higher margins and we do believe this category has solid growth potential over the longer term. Looking at our Medical sales. They were $800.7 million for the first quarter, an increase of 17.1% with internally generated sales in local currencies growing 13.4%. The 13.4% internal growth in local currencies included 13.6% growth in North America and 9% growth internationally. Medical sales results were driven by solid organic growth earlier in the quarter. Our Medical sales were also in line with our expectations in January and February and were followed by a significant increase in orders in March for PPE. Economic conditions have had less of an impact on our Medical group versus Dental, mainly, due to continued strong sales of PPE. While certain SKUs of PPE remained in tight supply such as masks, gowns and face shields, we are working with our suppliers to source these products to satisfy demand plus replenish our inventory as quickly as possible. Turning to Technology and Value-Added Services sales. Those sales from continuing operations were $132.0 million in the first quarter, an increase of 14.2% with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 6.4%. This growth was negatively impacted by COVID-19 later in the quarter. In North America Technology and value-added services sales -- internal sales growth in local currencies was 6.3%. Sales were solid through mid-March when we started to see declines related to patient traffic. Our North American financial services business in Q1 was relatively flat versus the prior year mainly due to lower dental equipment sales and the financing, thereof, towards the end of the quarter. We expect certain Henry Schein One products to see a more significant adverse impact to our technology and value-added services from COVID-19 in Q2. That's specifically related to the transactional portion of the business within Henry Schein One. Internationally, technology and value-added services internal sales increased by 6.8% in local currencies during the quarter. These sales were driven by positive trends in recurring revenue associated with our practice management, patient engagement and patient demand creation software solutions, as well as strong financial services revenue led by practice brokerage transactions in the U.K. In early March, we temporarily suspended our share repurchase program as a means to preserve cash in response to the impact of COVID-19 on our business operations. Prior to this, we repurchased 1.2 million shares of our common stock during the first quarter at an average price of $61.49 per share or a total of approximately $73.8 million. The impact of the repurchase of shares on the first quarter 2020 diluted EPS was not material. As of today, Henry Schein has $201 million authorized for future repurchases of common stock. Again as Stanley noted, we have also temporarily suspended our acquisition activity in early March, again to preserve cash. Let me point out that Henry Schein has a very strong balance sheet with low debt leverage. At the end of the first quarter, our debt-to-EBITDA leverage ratio was approximately 1.2 times. Additionally in April, we enhanced our liquidity with a new committed credit facility of approximately $700 million, which provides $500 million of incremental funding as we let expire certain uncommitted credit facilities. We now have access to approximately $1.7 billion in liquidity providing flexibility in this challenging environment. Our operating cash flow from continuing operations for the quarter was $90.8 million, compared with $133.3 million for the first quarter of last year. The year-over-year decline was primarily related to a reduction in distribution from equity affiliates over the prior year. As part of our previously disclosed restructuring initiative, we recorded a pre-tax charge in Q1 2020 of $4.8 million or $0.03 per diluted share. This restructuring charge primarily includes severance pay and facility closing costs and reflects opportunities to reduce expenses and drive operating efficiencies. I will conclude my remarks on the topic of financial guidance. You may recall that on our February earnings call, we specifically stated our guidance for 2020 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations, assumed no significant supply chain disruption on the business related to COVID-19. As the virus proliferated into a worldwide pandemic, we withdrew our guidance for 2020 and as of now we are not providing financial guidance at this time. So with that, let me turn the call back to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Steven. So let's review our business performance from the first quarter and recent weeks starting with dental. As we discussed, North American dental consumable merchandise sales were relatively in line with expectations in January and February. In fact, the business was quite good, but were significantly impacted by U.S. dental office closures during the American Dental -- driven by the American Dental Association's guidance issued in the middle of March. Similarly in Canada, most provinces recommended that dental practices suspend operations except for emergency procedures, of course, significantly impacting sales in the last couple of weeks of March. Similarly international dental consumable merchandise and equipment, internal sales growth was relatively in line with expectations during January and February. However, these sales were significantly impacted in March, a little bit earlier than in the U.S. by social distancing with practices closed and limiting hours across virtually all of the dental markets Henry Schein serves, including China and Europe; as previously mentioned, the exception in Germany where practices were not broadly mandated to close for general dentistry. Of course, social distancing was important, but practices were allowed to operate using very careful infection control guidelines. Also sales in Australia and Brazil experienced less-severe decline versus other countries since the COVID-19 impact began later than in other regions and government restrictions on practices were not implemented until late March. Today we have begun to see dental clinics reopen in China. However, the rate of practices reopening has been at a gradual pace but most of China is back in one way or another but at a much, much lower pace. The number of patients that practitioners can see is being limited. The number of people allowed into the practice is limited, but in other parts of the world, we expect that as stay-at-home orders are relaxed, dental practices will also begin to resume operations. Of course, we cannot predict the exact timing in each country or in each state in the United States or province for that matter in Canada. Overall, due to the ongoing impact of COVID-19, while it cannot be calculated with a certainty, we estimate that the run rate for global Dental sales is down somewhere between 70% to 80% year-over-year. We only have April to gauge a little bit of March. And to extrapolate from that is very, very difficult, but the range of 70% to 80% potentially on the lower end is where we think we are running at this time. We are working with customers now on programs to -- designed to help our customers during this downturn. Of course, financial options safety is a big, big issue emergency services that we provide. For servicing equipment there is some installation going on; as well as now a focus on reopening services and support for those practices, either operating on an emergency basis today or planning to open; and to -- of course in that context to ensure that appropriate products are available and the equipment in our customers' practices is actually working. It needs to be checked before -- while patients -- while emergency patients are being seen and in anticipation of opening practices. In particular, with our -- and we -- what we call our recovery planner, we are helping customers identify practice management's opportunities so practices can plan for scheduling adjustments, daily procedural improvements and customized solutions to increase production. These are all things we're doing as practices resume clinical operations. As we look to the future, Henry Schein along with our dental customers and our suppliers, face two unknowns. This is obvious. The first is when will practices fully reopen and the second is when will patients fully return. We can't of course predict either, but we can help our customers to prepare for both and that is exactly what we're doing. We're leveraging a number of our long-established service offerings as well as some of our newer offerings involving third-party financing sources in an effort to help practices sustain the health of their business during the downturn. On the finance side the key is to keep -- these practitioners that is challenged because of revenue drying up keep them afloat. With our Henry Schein One software solutions, we are helping clinicians stay engaged with their patients and implement plans to prospect new patients as practices resume operations. In the interim, while dentists are seeing patients for emergency and also in line with new protocols once practices reopen our patient engagement solutions will create virtual waiting rooms for patients to complete forms online, text the practice when they arrive for the appointment and wait until the dentist is ready to summon the patient into the practice. This is quite an interesting software development that has emerged from Henry Schein One in recent days. Now let's move on to our Medical business in which a fairly typical January and February unfolded although there were some elements of positive sales as a result of the flu season. That was followed by the impact of COVID-19 really leading to a surge in orders in March as those customers that were open for emergencies on the medical side, purchased more PPE and other products as well as us servicing some institutions as requested by FEMA that we really don't normally service. The influenza season this past winter was relatively severe which favorably impacted sales of consumable merchandise and seasonal rapid tests. Whereas typically influenza sales wind down near the end of the calendar year, we saw influenza-related product demand continue to be strong into the first quarter January and February in particular. At this time, we estimate that the run rate for our Medical sales is down somewhere between 20% and 30% on a year-on-year basis. That's the run rate, again hard to predict exactly or estimate due to the ongoing impact of course of COVID-19. And yes, we cannot calculate that with certainty. Henry Schein is committed to bringing essential products to the health care professionals who are fighting the pandemic. Our primary focus is those on the front line. And the office-based practitioner is right on the front line in many instances, not only physicians, but dentists who are right there to help patients and really reducing the number of patients heading into the hospital emergency room. It is amazing what the office-based practitioners dentists and physicians, urgi centers are doing. Heros. Early in this crisis, we knew that health care professionals needed PPE. We spoke about that on our last conference call, our year-end report when we addressed this issue in March. And we addressed the notion that there would be a shortage and that we were working on this shortage. And we knew that health care professionals would need the PPE for their safety as well as for the safety of those they've treated. We also have been focused on rapid diagnostic tests. More about that later, but we've always been a key player in delivering rapid diagnostic tests to office space and related health care practitioners. We began to work quickly with our suppliers around the world to make these essential products available to the best of our ability, while being mindful of two very important elements: quality. There's a lot of product available that doesn't meet the quality test and regulatory compliance a very, very complex area. Regulations throughout the world change rapidly and we want to make sure that we're in compliance. Of course, the priority is the quality. Even if there's a -- we satisfy a regulatory standard it may not be good enough for us from a quality point of view. So let's talk about PPE. As part of this work, Henry Schein is a participant in the White House COVID-19 supply chain task force. We have worked with the Strategic National Stockpile to deliver PPE to the COVID testing sites the first ones that were opened. We are also working with FEMA to deliver critical supplies to healthcare professionals; and to institutions, often institutions that we do not normally service the acute care part. Henry Schein co-founded the Pandemic Supply Chain Network in 2015 together with the World Health Organization, the World Economic Forum, the World Bank, the U.S. CDC and others to improve the efficiency of worldwide PPE supplies and to work on the supply chain. Since its inception five years ago Henry Schein has served as the private sector lead for the Pandemic Supply Chain Network. The supply chain for PPE is under considerable stress, which has caused the scarcity of products globally. Complicating the tight global supply chain and this is very important for our investors to understand is the rapidly changing government restrictions in certain countries and it's multiple countries, not one, multiple countries on both the export of PPE and in-country distribution of PPE as well as the need to ensure that PPE is procured from suppliers with the regulatory requirement. So there's a lot of shortage of course. That's an issue but there's a lot of export restriction issues that emerge and disappear. And then they come back in different forms and requirements to move product to certain jurisdictions within countries. All the while, while we are securing product from new suppliers, we want to ensure the quality is right and full compliance with regulatory mandates that vary rapidly country by country. Needless to say, our outsourcing team is working around the clock -- around the world, around the clock to efficiently procure high-quality products for our customers. We are hopeful that there will be additional supplier of PPE in the market beginning in late May, hope because restrictions on exports could impact that and increasing steadily thereafter assuming no impact from government restrictions. Therefore for the second quarter we expect a continued tight supply for certain PPE products, yet we are hopeful that we will ease -- that this will ease in the third quarters -- quarter as our manufacturing suppliers continue to reopen and accelerate capacity. Now on tests. United States and most nations across the globe face our greatest public health challenge in a century with the spread of COVID-19 claiming lives and disrupting livelihoods and economies. In the face of this unimaginable threat, we must find the most effective strategies to combat the spread of this virus protect human life and yes, ensure the resilience of economies. We believe that testing is critical. We've always believed that and have been in the testing business for 40 years providing different forms of tests to office-based practitioners that not only identify illness but towards prevention, informing treatment and recovery. Henry Schein, as I noted for decades has been a most successful provider of laboratory tests both equipment and related agents; and yes, a key area being for us points-of-care rapid diagnostic tests for use in physician offices and other healthcare provider sites. We provide a wide offering of tests to our customers by partnering with the world's leading diagnostic manufacturers both for the equipment, for the reagents and yes, for the snap quick tests. In the United States, Henry Schein recently introduced two rapid point-of-care test kits that can detect antibodies associated with COVID-19 in as little as 15 minutes and without the need for machine equipment. These tests are important because they deliver results quickly, at a low cost and can easily be deployed in large quantities where they are needed. Currently the COVID-19 antibody test offered by Henry Schein are being marketed under an FDA emergency enforcement policy. They have not been independently reviewed by the FDA. Under their policy, the tests may be administered by labs and healthcare professionals at locations that clear certifies as authorized to perform high-complexity tests. So there are limited sites that can use these tests at this moment. We are in the process of seeking an EUA for these products and are hopeful that we will receive that soon and that will expand the number of sites that can use these products. Healthcare professionals can utilize these test results. And this is important: These tests are not like a pregnancy test. They don't say, yes or no. They don't read, yes or no. They need to be used by healthcare professionals along with clinical judgment, assessment of symptoms, previous tests to make informed decisions. Henry Schein believes that public health officials can also use these tests as part of broader testing to better understand the spread of the disease. The company is working to bring additional tests as well as more on PPE to market both tests and PPE. We are also working to address test-related shortages in other capacities such as nasal swabs, to test for the COVID-19. Since this is the most common means of specimen collection at this moment, there is a shortage of swabs. As a result, ACE Surgical that's one of our subsidiaries is currently working with one of our dental suppliers to produce 3D-printed nasal swabs in volume, using our sterilization and packaging services to support current fiber swab shortages in order to meet virus testing needs. It is our goal that, our customers and dental practices employees are ready willing and positioned to treat patients when the practices are once again able to open their doors. There are requirements in place suggested protocols. There are multiple ways of addressing these protocols. It's not going to be easy. We will not have unlimited amount of supplies, but we are working to ensure that our customers have products available when they open the doors, yes in limited quantities and -- but at the same time, quality product in compliance with regulatory means. Let's move to our Technology and Value-Added Services businesses. Much like our Dental and Medical businesses months of January and February were consistent with positive quarterly patterns in our Technology and Value-Added Services businesses, particularly for Henry Schein One practice management; patient engagement patient demand creation; dental software solutions all three of those. Yet, when the offices began to close in the United States in mid-March, the impact of COVID-19 began to materially impact sales in these categories, as well as new system installations. Our DentalPlans.com business and financial services businesses all started feeling the impact in March. As I mentioned, when discussing our Dental operations, we are actively working with practices to promote tools for patient engagement at this critical time as practices recognize that communicating with patients has never been more important. And we spend a lot of time encouraging dentists to remain in communication with their patients. Dental practices are using our patient communication and engagement solutions to inform patients, when their practices are going to be open, advise of the safety measures implemented to protect patients, and quickly reschedule appointments so practices can more quickly return to normal operations. Examples of these tools include patient reminders two-way texting, patient portals for rescheduling, virtual waiting rooms for emergency check-in, marketing e-mail campaigns and online billings. We believe that no other company has the breadth of software services offerings that Henry Schein delivers under one umbrella. We estimate that the run rate for our Technology and Value-Added Services sales is down again hard to tell the exact number approximately 30% to 40% year-over-year on a global basis. In addition to managing our supply chain for the products that are still needed at this time during practice downtime, our COVID-19 education centers offering symposiums, websites, webinars -- and webinars to advise customers on managing business operations staffing approximately -- areas relating to staffing and preparing for future bookings, developing financial resource plans for practices and much, much more. So before we take questions, I'd like to reiterate that Team Schein Members across our businesses are committed to supporting our customers as they navigate through this crisis; and really are ready to help our customers at a moment's notice reopen their doors when it is appropriate and ensuring that the supplies needed are there. Again, I'd like to express my deep gratitude to our team colleagues, Team Schein, who have so quickly and confidently risen to the challenge. Many Team Schein Members have had their compensation reduced. In fact, practically everyone in the company has had compensation impacted in one way or another. If the commitment across our organization is palpable, it's quite amazing. The work that is being done each day is unbelievable and gives me huge confidence in the future. I'm in awe, when I see the work that our colleagues around the globe are working on and how they're executing their responsibility to support our mission, working with our suppliers and our customers. So with those comments, operator ready to take questions.
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is going to come from the line of Jon Block, Stifel.
Jon Block: Great. Thanks guys morning. Stanley, the down 70% to 80% comment for Dental I believe that was a global metric. And I know this is a bit detailed but is there a way to view how that looked for the end of April versus the beginning of the month? And then sort of part two of that same question is just for China. Is there an estimate of where that market is relative to normal as we sit here in April? Because people are looking at that as call it a leading indicator for future markets. And then I've just got a follow-up.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Maybe Steven has that data. I don't have it with me right now. Steven?
Steven Paladino: Yes. Jon, the variance between the end of April and beginning of May, was not really that significant on a global Dental basis. It was all within that range. Specifically with China, since the outbreak started in China, we are seeing gradual improvement there. We are seeing many dental offices that were closed a little while ago are now reopening. So we do see that occurring and that's optimistic for what could occur in the rest of the world.
Jon Block: Okay. And then second question Stanley for you. Just would love your thoughts on the long-term ramifications of COVID. In other words what does it mean for PPE at dental practices and other practices? And is that a long-term positive for you? Does it accelerate the pace of dental consolidation because some practices unfortunately won't make it out of this? Is that a long-term negative for you? I'd just love to get your thoughts call it on these longer-term structural changes in the industry. Thanks guys.
Stanley Bergman: A very good question. Obviously it's pretty soon into the COVID history, but I think dentistry will recover. I think the question is more when. I think 2021 will be -- I wouldn't say back to where it was in 2019, but getting closer to that. I do think that on the specialty side, there will be a good solid demand for products, but maybe pricing will have to come down a bit at the dentist level; and therefore, there may be some pressure on pricing. I don't know for sure. But I think the demand will remain solid. The question is really the bridge between now and then between now and say, the middle of 2021. And I can only reflect on what happened in the '80s with respect to the HIV AIDS situation when -- and remember this was the time that probably dentists wore masks and gloves. And so going into that crisis they were not wearing gloves and masks. And then the public became aware of the concern of the infection. And dentists understood that and they understood the concern and they needed to protect themselves. It took about a year or two to bridge that. And then patients returned to practices. It was the result by the way from a business point of view that an area a product category gloves and masks which was very small for dental distributors at that time became a significant category. So I think that business will -- I'm not sure how close to normal, but will get back pretty close to where it was sometime in 2021. And at the same time, the demand for PPE will grow. Having said that I also think that there is a bit of a reduction in regulatory compliance standards today to allow product in and those standards are going to be up. So it's going to require significant quality control and regulatory compliance on the PPE side. And then there is going to be a call to action, I think for products to be made in countries where they are used. I'm not only talking about the United States but countries around the world are going to want to have certain capacity internally for PPE. This will increase the price of this product and so it's going to be an added burden to dentists. I would imagine that in certain countries where there's government support for dentistry, the reimbursement will go up. Insurance carriers in other parts of the world will have to increase the price -- the reimbursement, but I remain very, very enthusiastic about the future of dentistry. I think we have to bridge through the balance of this year and probably into the middle of next year to help the practitioners recover. As it relates to consolidation, I think there is going to be some consolidation. On the one hand, some of the DSOs do have stretched balance sheets. On the other hand midsized practices some of whom in the United States have gotten PPP funding will be in a position to expand and consolidate. So I think the shift from solo to midsize will continue and from midsize to large practices will continue, but not all midsized practices and not all large practices are actually in a good -- have the right kind of balance sheets today. So that's just some random thinking. Obviously I know more -- no more than what you do because this is all public information. And a lot of it is sort of figuring out where the market is or where the psyche is of the public, but I do think people will be going back to the dentists.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger: Hi, thanks very much. Stan just to follow up on some of those very helpful stats you gave us towards the end of the call. For a typical U.S. dental customer, is it reasonable to assume that emergency care would be on the order of 20% of what you would normally be doing for that customer? Or would you give a different stat?
Stanley Bergman: I'm not sure that -- it's very hard to tell. There is no available information, but there are some practices that are doing more and there are some practices that are doing very little. The exact mix is very difficult John to tell at this time, but there are a lot of practices undertaking emergency services today but not all. And probably a lot of practices are doing virtually nothing. So it's very hard to get that mix right. I think the basic statistic that we gave in the call on all three of our businesses on expectations -- although very difficult to tell exactly where this is heading, but I think the basic guidelines we gave on Dental 70% to 80% down run rate; Medical 20% to 30%; Technology 30% or 40% are probably reasonable. Having said that, the Dental side may be closer to the 70% than the 80% at this moment, of course states are opening up and maybe it's going to be good. Maybe it's going to not. We don't know if there's going to be a second bout, but if there's not then we're actually ahead of these numbers. But we have to be very, very careful because we don't know if a state opens up whether there's a second round to go on the CV-19.
John Kreger: Thank you. That's helpful. One quick clarification on your technology businesses: if I am a typical Dentrix kind of client server customer am I able to use some of the virtual tools that you now offer under Henry Schein One? Or do I have to convert to the cloud system? Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: That's a good question. I'm pretty sure it's available to Dentrix users. We will confirm that. I don't know if you know Steven.
Steven Paladino: Yes, I'm pretty sure also that it is available both cloud and non-cloud systems.
John Kreger: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Jeffrey Johnson, Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson: Thank you. Good morning guys. Stanley, I just want to say thanks for all you guys do as a company, in response to COVID. But also for all these earthquakes and hurricanes in that you're always putting, emergency services out there. It's well appreciated. We don't talk about it enough on these calls. So thank you. Steve, wondering if I could push you a little bit on Jon Block's question about China, you didn't give a percentage. We've heard a percentage from others that China is back to 20% or 40% or 60%. Could you put a number on that? And maybe it’s something similar on Germany as well? My gut is that the German market would be a better predicate for the U.S. market just given small practices versus hospital care in China. So any numbers you could put on Germany as well would be helpful. Thank you.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Thank you, Jeff. Thanks for that comment earlier. Yes, I'm not sure, it makes sense to be very specific on the percentages, because I'm not sure that they will translate into other countries or not. And it's still rather fluid. So I'd rather not give specifics. Well, Germany I think was impacted less from the beginning, for whatever reason they had less cases of COVID-19. And that's why the market in Dental held up much better than in other areas, like Italy and other places. But I'd rather not give specific numbers at this point. Because it is very fluid and it does change quite quickly.
Jeffrey Johnson: Yes sure, understood. Fair enough. On the cost-cutting side, Steve or Stanley, obviously you guys have been very aggressive. Can you talk about maybe what the flow-through then from some of these revenue declines, should be decremental margin-wise or however you could couch it for us? And another part of that question, just your largest competitor on the Dental side anyway, doesn't seem to be making nearly the aggressive cuts that you guys are. They have a couple years ago gone through some of that. But how does this position you competitively coming out of a downturn? Any concerns there? Or is the industry just changing that some of these maybe changes on the sales force side that you're making, probably would have been necessary overtime anyways? Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: Steven?
Steven Paladino: Yes. On the cost cutting, we've done a lot. And the main reason is that, no one really knows how long the impact will be, what the duration of the impact will be, in the Dental side. And we've done it in a way where we do things like furloughs, where we can extend it if need be or cut those expense cuts to shorter term if need be. So it does allow us flexibility on the expense cuts, because no one really knows how long it will last. Some of those are just -- some of the cuts really are things that are an outcome like supplier rebates. I think people realize that we do get a certain amount of supplier rebates. One of the reasons why our gross margin was down a bit in Q1 was because the performance-based supplier rebates. At this point, we're not expecting much to be able to be earned, unless we renegotiate those performance criteria. So we took I would say the conservative, but a realistic view that very little will be earned. You could see on our cash flow the adjustment on stock-based compensation was $17.5 million for the quarter. So again, we have the flexibility. And I believe, we are the best positioned in the industry with the strongest balance sheet, the most access to liquidity. And the things that we've been doing in cost cutting to really emerge smarter and strong from whenever this pandemic ends.
Jeffrey Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is going to come from the line of Steven Valiquette, Barclays. Mr. Valiquette, your line is open. All right, we will go to the next question. Okay. Our next question will come from the line of Glen Santangelo, Guggenheim.
Glen Santangelo: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. I just want to follow-up on two areas, if I could. First Stan with respect to the comments that have been made with respect to China and Germany, it sounds like we're seeing some sort of measured recovery. And while, it seems intuitive that consumables will come back. First, could you maybe comment a little bit more specifically on what you're seeing about the return of equipment sales, given the economic hit being absorbed by some of these practices?
Stanley Bergman: Sure, Glen. I -- also another -- a lot of good questions here today, I do think that, equipment will come back in that, a big part of our equipment growth has been coming from digital, from the digital side. And I do believe that that will continue, as practices will try to position themselves or position themselves as being competitive compared to other practices using best-of-class, products and procedures. And of course, digital dentistry is best of class and the best equipment for procedures. So I think there will be a need for that. I also think that, there will be greater pressure on ensuring that every practice has digital imaging. So I think these categories will grow. There is also -- and there are also new products out there, relating to air treatment in the practice. I'm not going to -- I'm not sure if we're actually going to classify them as large equipment or midsize, and therefore in our consumable category, but there will be a demand for these kinds of products amalgam separators, et cetera. So hard to give you a specific number sitting here in the early part of May when practices are closed, but for example in Germany, we're seeing quite a bit of interest in our equipment. And by the way our implant business in Germany is not doing terribly. So I don't know if these are early sort of exit polls, but it's -- I would say, I'm more encouraged today than I was two or three weeks ago, but this is a very volatile situation.
Glen Santangelo: I appreciate that. Maybe I just follow-up one for Steve. Steve thanks for discussing the cash flow in the first quarter, but I think what a lot of us are trying to understand is the impact on the cash flow for example in April at the sort of lower revenue run rates. Like how should we think about the cash situation and the expenses relative to the $1.7 billion of liquidity that you referenced in the press release?
Steven Paladino : Sure, Glen. Let me just tag onto the first question to Stanley. I think it's clear that consumables, the new way of doing business with consumables should accelerate the overall market. People will now be using more PPE equipment and products than prior to COVID. People will use more cleaning agents and disinfectants and things like that, so when consumables does come back, it should come back in my opinion at a higher rate, because of the new use of these products. Equipment on the other hand what we learned in the recession of 2008 and 2009 is equipment does take a little bit longer to come back, because people can delay equipment purchases. With respect to cash flow, look, it's very fluid. We're not going to give cash flow guidance for Q2, but we do expect that cash flow will be negatively impacted versus Q1 for the quarter given the sales declines. Even with the mitigation of expenses and also reducing capital expenditures and things like that cash flow will be negatively impacted, but again, we feel like we've done the right things to preserve cash and mitigate the sales downturn. And again, we have really the ability to use our credit lines and our cash on hand to mitigate any cash flow impact, but again it's too early really to give specifics on that. I'm not giving any guidance on the P&L. I don't think it makes sense to give guidance on the cash flow other than to say, we feel like we're well prepared and it will be negative compared to Q1.
Glen Santangelo: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from the line of Steve Beuchaw, Wolfe Research.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi. Thanks for the time here and I'd echo the comments thanking you guys for everything you're doing to help everyone who's really in need today. First, I wanted to ask about PPE. I appreciate the comment about PPE supply ramping up to be hopefully at a better level later in May, but I wonder if you could take that and play that a little bit further out and say, how long does it take to get to the level of PPE that you need to supply your medical customers and dental customers at the level that they're really looking for? And how close do you think the first quarter growth rate in Medical is to being a reasonable barometer for growth in Medical if we had that level of supply?
Stanley Bergman : So the second part of your question, I will ask Steven to respond to. The first part, product is growing in output. Output is growing in PPE product. Having said that, there are complexities with moving product around the world. Governments not one, but multiple governments are precluding exports; put restrictions in place; or put additional hurdles on paperwork, customs work, et cetera and getting our products. Production is coming up. So it's actually grown significantly a multiple of what it was before the COVID. And the issue is the actual logistics being impacted by as I noted restrictions, but also logistics. And planes out of China are much more expensive multiples of what they were a few -- six weeks ago and they're being used not only for PPE but for other products as well. At the same time, there will be expansion of product capacity in the United States on certain products. Having said that, that product is really heading to U.S. government, primarily I think for replenishment of stockpiles. We don't know for sure what they're going to do with the product, but also for use by specific states. So exactly how this is going to flow who is going to get the product. There is a certain amount of sympathy, I think within the U.S. government and in other parts of the world for the importance of alternate care sites, whether it's dentists' offices that are really playing a valiant job in keeping patients out of the ER or for that matter physician offices and alternate care sites in general. So all of this has to play out, and this will all impact I think the second and third and maybe the fourth quarter as well in terms of allocation availability. I think as we go into next year there is going to be much more capacity and availability. Having said that please remember one thing that restaurants and other places where the public is now -- are now going to be visiting once the social distancing is removed will be huge buyers of gloves --of masks and of course of gloves too. So these will not necessarily be of the type of gloves that we use and masks particularly that we use. Having said that, they are going to be competing for supply of product. So all of these factors need to go into this calculation. Bottom line, from a pure Henry Schein sales point of view, there is likely to be more opportunity as there was in the 1980s to expand the category of PPE. Having said that, there will be competition for products, especially products of the standards we are looking for. And we want to also make sure that these companies are diligently complying with the regulations that are enforced today and are likely to get more complicated in the future. Restrictions will be narrowed and there'll be more definition provided by regulatory authorities. So this is -- I've said a lot there, but these are all the various puts and takes that we're dealing with. Overall, from a pure sales point of view, I do expect the category to continue to grow.
Steven Paladino: Yes. And on the second part of your question with respect to Medical sales, the estimate of 20% to 30% down year-over-year in Medical sales is net. It does include some benefit for PPE products. Although, we're being conservative on that benefit since availability of products -- it's not certain on the timing of the availability, but it's all in that 20% to 30%.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay. Thank you very much for that clarification. And then just one quick follow-up. I wonder if you could tell us a little bit about your ambitions as it relates to testing. So you're very well positioned logistically to be a supplier into offices of all sorts with rapid tests. I'm going to set aside serological testing here for a moment and focus really on actual ID tests. I think of China as a provider of rapid antigen test for flu for example, but I wonder, how are you thinking about expanding your line-up of product to service the market as there will be increasing demands for rapid -- not just rapid antigen testing but for rapid molecular testing in office settings both dental and medical? Thanks so much.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, also a good question. I noted in my call earlier on that Henry Schein has been focused on laboratory testing, both traditional and I'm talking about in-office testing; as well as places like urgi centers, community-type health care clinics. We've been involved in that for years both the equipment the reagents and the disposable snap test. I think we're one of the biggest provider of these products in the world. We are continuing to focus on that. We have a great and knowledgeable group of people that focus on identifying products and then of course selling them. We have people both in the field and on the telephone, and of course are capable of putting up very good marketing material. So we examine all these sources that have presented to us. Some of our traditional sources, manufacturers of equipment right now are in back order with us, because a lot of the product that they are producing a lot of equipment and the fluids the reagents and the like are going to the government. And by the way, this business is primarily a U.S. business for us, a small part in Europe but primarily going to the government or directed by the government to go to certain sites, and primarily acute care sites. So, we have not had a lot of availability, but we expect that availability to increase. And we offer, as I said, a wide variety of these products and will add to the offering as time goes by.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one final question. That question will come from the line of Elizabeth Anderson, Evercore.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. In terms of ordering patterns, when you've seen either practices as they were sort of shutting down or as they're reopening. Are you seeing anything in terms of fluctuations in terms of maybe some pre-buying of PPE before? Are they sort of ordering like slowly as they come back on? Are they placing big orders? Could you -- is there any kind of commentary you can reflect on that? And then could you also remind us what percent of sales PPE is for the Dental and Medical business either pre-COVID or post COVID depending on how you have it?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. The demand has, of course, been significant from about the middle of March, in United States, for example, earlier in other parts of the world. But we've been on an allocation method basically around the number of practitioners in a practice, and really based on the size of the practice. It's not a precise science, but the allocation has been in place. So it's really not a matter of any particular practice spiking, because their allocation has been based on historical purchases. And so, I would not say there has been a loading of these practices not at Henry Schein. And I think there have been other parts of the market where people have bought significant amounts, but that's not been the case with us. It's been an allocation and rationing system that we've had in place since COVID picked up or since the spread of the COVID virus. So I wouldn't say there's been a particular loading in anticipation of practices returning either. We are selling at a continuous pace all along. Of course, the volume is much greater than it was last year, but not a huge amount more, a lot more but not a huge amount more. We expect that Dental volume will go up as we have availability, which we discussed already and as dental practices start opening up in the various states over the next month or so. Steven, I don't think we provide information on any product category other than consumables and equipment as broad categories, right?
Steven Paladino: Yes, that's right. And PPE, it's also difficult to answer because the definition of what is in PPE is also different something like an examination glove. We've always sold a lot of examination gloves. It's always been one of our top SKUs, but things like gallons we don't sell as much because we're not in the acute care setting. But we do sell some on the Medical side. So again definitionally what's in PPE everyone has a slightly different definition...
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. That's helpful. And then have you had a change in sort of practitioners? I know you've said about the $10 million of bad debt expense reserve but have you seen a change in people asking for payment terms or discounting or anything that we should take into consideration?
Stanley Bergman: Steven?
Steven Paladino: Yes people are paying slower. It depends on the practice. Some are paying on time. We have certain third-party financing options for people to get practice loans to be able to pay off their debt whether it's to us or other people. Customers are also eligible for the government PPP program which should help but we are seeing generally slower payments from customers.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks very much.
Stanley Bergman: So I think we're -- we've gone over a little bit this time because we figured that there will be a lot more questions. And so thank you for listening to the call. I'd like to leave you with the following thought and that is that this is obviously a trying moment for business in general and particularly for health care providers. You can see it in the press, in the media, social media. We remain committed to continuing to provide outstanding customer service, driving operational efficiencies in our business. We have to provide better service unusual service shall we say because practices are operating differently to the way they were operating in the past, but we have to be mindful of our need to preserve cash so operating more efficiently than ever before. We have to conserve cash. This is a replay from this point of view of 2008 where I think -- for those investors that were around at the time I think we did a good job at preserving cash so when we got out of that crisis we were well positioned. We have maintained as Steven mentioned a strong balance sheet. We have ready access to capital for a while long term. And we believe we are positioned to weather this economic uncertainty and yes there will be opportunities that emerge from COVID-19 for Henry Schein to service the health care needs of the public through our practitioners. Our resiliency has been tested many times in the past and I am confident that the team will rise to the occasion again. We have an outstanding management team an extremely committed team in general 19,000 Team Schein Members. I believe our customers trust us. An extremely committed and I must tell you an experienced Board that have experienced all sorts of challenges along the way and have a good feel for health care in general. And so, as we end this call, I remain extremely confident in the future of Henry Schein, although we're going to have to go through some stormy waters, but the ship I believe is a solid ship manned by a great crew. So thank you for your participation. And to those investors that are with us thank you for your confidence. Thank you, operator.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude today's Henry Schein Conference Call. We appreciate your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, Holly and thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the 2019 fourth quarter and full year. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. Our conference call remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to the key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. These reconciliations can be found in the supplemental info section of our Investor Relations website and in Exhibit B of today's press release, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, February 20th, 2020. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up during Q&A to allow as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for this call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much Carolynne. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. 2019 was a historic year for Henry Schein, with a spin-off of our global Animal Health business as well as the continued integration of Henry Schein One, which offers an extraordinary array of best-in-class dental software solutions to help dentists optimize the management of their practices, provide better communications to patients and drive greater traffic to the practice. Our global dental and medical businesses continued to demonstrate solid growth. As our end markets evolve, we are aligning our business with the segments that we believe offer the best opportunities for our long-term growth in sales and in profits. We are excited about the future of Henry Schein and believe we have strategically positioned our business for continued success in the healthcare markets we serve. In the fourth quarter, we delivered internal sales growth from continuing operations at 4.9% in local currency, which excludes sales of Covetrus -- exclude sales to Covetrus. This was highlighted by strong revenue growth in our medical and technology and value-added services businesses, along with North American dental equipment and international consumable merchandise. These sales results contributed to an increase in diluted EPS from continuing operations of 192.2% on a GAAP basis, impacted by net gain on the sales of equity -- of the sale of an equity investment and EPS growth of 9% on a non-GAAP basis. Overall, we believe our performance was an excellent conclusion to this transformative year. Today, we are affirming our guidance range from -- for 2020, non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations of $3.65 to $3.75. Steven will discuss this in greater detail in a moment. So, the overall conclusion to the quarter, to the year, to the state of the company is that we continue to make, in our belief, solid progress in growing our business organically, 4.9% growth organically in the fourth quarter, with a focus on gaining market share, advancing sales of high-margin products and driving efficiencies throughout the business, while at the same time, making investments in strategic businesses that advance the Henry Schein footprint of products and value-added services. We expect to continue to generate significant cash flow each year and plan to put this to work with strategic transactions, investing in our infrastructure, R&D and our specialty and software businesses, while at the same time, returning cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. In addition, we are working very well with a number of strategic suppliers to advance our goals. And overall, we believe we are moving in a direction that will continue to advance EPS growth and so the cash flow and so shareholder value. More information a little bit further down the call. At this time, I'll hand the call over to Steven to review our financial results and guidance and then provide some commentary on recent business performance and accomplishments. Thank you. Steven?
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stanley and good morning to all. As we begin, I'd like to point out that I will be discussing our results from continuing operations as reported on a GAAP basis, and also on a non-GAAP basis. Our Q4 2019 and Q4 2018 non-GAAP results exclude certain items that are detailed in Exhibit B of today's press release and also in the supplemental information section of our Investor Relations website. Please note, as we mentioned on our last earnings call, Q4 2019 non-GAAP results also exclude a net gain on the sale of equity investments primarily related to Hu-Friedy, a manufacturer of dental instruments and infection prevention solutions. Please note that we have again included a corporate sales category for Q4 that represents sales to Covetrus under the transitional services agreements and we expect that to continue through August of 2020. Turning now to our Q4 results, net sales from continuing operations for the quarter ended December 28th, 2019, were $2.7 billion, reflecting a 7.9% increase compared with the fourth quarter of 2018, with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 5.8%. When excluding the sales to Covetrus under the TSA agreements, our internal sales growth in local currencies was 4.9%. And I'll note that, that was the highest quarterly growth rate that we've seen in the past year and a half. Details of our sales growth are contained in Exhibit A of our earnings press release that was issued earlier this morning. On a GAAP basis, operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2019 was 7.4% and increased 97 basis points compared with the fourth quarter of 2018. On a non-GAAP basis, our operating margin of 7.3% contracted by 47 basis points on a year-over-year basis. This margin contraction was primarily due to certain increases in certain employee-related costs. For the full year 2019, on a non-GAAP basis, our operating margin of 7.3% was essentially flat compared with 2018. Our long-term annual operating margin growth of 20 -- growth goal of 20 basis points per year expansion continues to remain intact. However, in 2020, we expect to achieve less than that 20 basis points of expansion due to stranded costs associated with the Animal Health spin-off as well as certain additional technology investments. You will find a reconciliation of GAAP operating margin to non-GAAP operating margin also in the supplemental information page on our investor page of our website. Turning to taxes, our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2019 was 22.3%. This compares with 14.9% GAAP effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of last year. On a non-GAAP basis, our effective tax rate was also similar at 22.2% and compares with the prior year non-GAAP effective tax rate of 21.2%. Our full year 2019 effective tax rate was 23.4% on a GAAP basis, which compares with the full year 2018 effective tax rate on a GAAP basis of 20.0%. Our non-GAAP -- based -- on a non-GAAP basis, our 2019 effective tax rate was 23.7% compared with 22.9% in 2018. For 2020, we estimate that our effective tax rate will continue to be in the 23% range on both a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis. Again, look at the supplemental information page on our Investor Relations website for a reconciliation of GAAP taxes to non-GAAP taxes. Moving on, net income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein for Q4 of 2019 was $330.6 million or $2.25 per diluted share. And this compares with the prior year GAAP net income from continuing operations of $117.8 million or $0.77 per diluted share. Non-GAAP net income from continuing operations for the fourth quarter of 2019 was $143.0 million, or $0.97 per diluted share, and this compares with non-GAAP net income from continuing operations of $136.2 million or $0.89 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2018. This represents growth of 5% and 9%, respectively, on a year-over-year basis. Providing some additional detail on our results, on a continuing operations basis, amortization from acquired intangible assets for Q4 2019 was $26.9 million pretax, or $0.14 per diluted share compared with $19.1 million pretax or $0.09 per diluted share for the same period last year. For the full year 2019, amortization was $105.9 million pretax or $0.53 per diluted share, and that compares to $75.3 million pretax or $0.37 per diluted share in 2018. I'll also note that for Q4 of 2019, foreign currency exchange negatively impacted our diluted EPS by approximately $0.01 per share. Let me now provide some detail on our sales results for the fourth quarter. Our dental sales were $1.7 billion and increased 2.9% compared with the prior year, with internal growth in local currencies of 2.5%. North American internal sales in local currencies grew 2.2% and included a decline of 0.1% in sales of dental consumable merchandise. And that's really reflecting a soft end market demand primarily for independent dental practices. Internal sales growth in local currencies in North America -- for North American dental equipment and services increased 7.2% year-over-year. This growth was primarily driven by double-digit high-tech equipment sales, which were bolstered by a key supplier of sales event held early in October. Sales in our CAD/CAM business were particularly strong and Stanley will have more comments in this area later on in the call. Our current dental equipment backlog in North America also suggests continued growth in Q1. International dental internal sales growth in local currencies was 3.0%. This included 4.4% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise and growth in international consumable merchandise was driven by really broad-based gains across most of our international businesses. Internal sales growth in local currencies and international dental equipment sales and services declined 0.8% as we faced a difficult year-over-year comparison with internal sales growth in the prior year of 7.5%. The sales decrease was also due in part to soft macroeconomic conditions in Australia. Our current international dental equipment backlog also suggests a return to growth in Q1 2020. We also reported mid to high single-digit sales growth in our various dental specialty businesses in North America, and internationally and Stan will discuss that in further detail also later in the call. Our medical sales were $788.7 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of 15.2%, with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 10.2%. The 10.2% internal growth in local currencies really consisted of 10.3% growth in North America and 5.5% growth internationally. Medical sales growth results were again driven by both solid organic growth and a strong contribution from North American rescue, a recent acquisition. Technology and value-added services sales from continuing operations were $137.1 million in the quarter, an increase of 20%, with internally generated sales growth in local currencies' growth of 9.4%. In North America, the technology and value-added services internal sales growth in local currencies was 8.7%. These sales benefited from customers upgrading their Microsoft Windows operating system to remain software compliant as well as strong financial services revenue. Internationally, technology and value-added services internal sales increased by 13.4% in local currencies. These sales were also fueled by strong financial services revenues. During the quarter, we continued to repurchase common stock in the open market by buying approximately 2.9 million shares at an average price of $69.05 per share for a total of approximately $200 million of purchases. The impact of these repurchases of shares in the fourth quarter EPS was immaterial. For the full year, we did spend $525 million to repurchase approximately 8.2 million shares. Also, it's important to note that at year-end, Henry Schein had approximately $275 million authorized for future repurchases of common stock. If we take now a brief look at some of the highlights of our cash flow. We had very strong operating cash flow from continuing operations for the quarter at $295.3 million, and that's compared to $181.6 million in the fourth quarter of last year. For the year, the operating cash flow from continuing operations was also very strong at $820.5 million, and that compares to $450 million in 2018. Our CapEx for the year was $76.2 million, and that results in free cash flow from continuing operations of $744.3 million. As we have previously discussed, we plan on implementing a new restructuring initiative in 2020 to help mitigate stranded costs from expiring services under the TSA related to the Animal Health spin-off, as well as to look for additional opportunities to reduce expenses and drive operating efficiencies. We will provide additional details as we progress through the remainder of the fiscal year. So, I'll conclude my remarks by noting that we are reaffirming our 2020 non-GAAP diluted EPS. At this time, we will not be providing GAAP diluted EPS guidance as we are unable to provide an accurate estimate of expenses related to the restructuring that I just mentioned. 2020 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein is expected to be $3.65 to $3.75, reflecting a growth of 4% to 7% compared with its 2019 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations, which was $3.51. I think it's important to note that our guidance assumes that there is no significant supply chain disruption related to the novel coronavirus for certain infection control products. Our guidance for 2020, non-GAAP diluted EPS attributable to shine from continuing operations also includes any completed or previously announced acquisitions but does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions as well as restructuring expenses. Our guidance also assumes foreign exchange rates that are generally consistent with current levels, and this guidance also assumes that the end markets remain stable and are consistent with current market conditions. Before I turn the call over to Stanley, I would like to make a further comment about the current impact of the novel coronavirus outbreak, which Stan will also address. Our sales in China as a proportion of total global dental sales are relatively small today. That said, we are monitoring the situation carefully as the spike in demand and corresponding limited supply for personal protective equipment such as masks and gowns is having a global impact. As Stan will describe, we are closely working with our manufacturing and supply chain partners as well as the pandemic supply chain network, the World Health Organization, the Chinese Ministry of Health, and the CDC to address product shortages as they may occur. At this time, it's difficult, if not impossible, to estimate a potential impact to our business related to supply -- related to potential supply constraints. So, with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Before turning to the 2019 fourth quarter, I'd like to review a few highlights for the year. We achieved net sales from continuing operations of approximately $10 billion, with internal sales up 4% from 2018 in local currencies, which excludes sales to Covetrus. GAAP diluted EPS increased 67.5%, and non-GAAP diluted EPS growth was 10.7%, both on continuing operations basis. We were pleased with very strong operating cash flow of $820 million, which increased by $369 million versus 2018. In addition, in 2019, we completed 10 major majority-owned strategic transactions as we continue to expand our geographic presence and enhance our product offerings. Together, these acquisitions have trailing 12 months revenue at the time of purchase of approximately $350 million. We also continue to commercialize -- we also continue the commercialization of Henry Schein One, a significant development in support of our long-term growth plans. Our value-added solutions such as dental software leads stickiness in our base business, as our customers look to Henry Schein for much more than just merchandise and equipment. Value-added services is a key part of our growth strategy, both as it relates to the stickiness of customers and actually driving earnings per share. This often translates into recurring sales of these value-added services, with a higher margin profiles and accordingly, as I just noted, earnings accretion. Some acquisition highlights for -- in 2019 included our entry into the Nordic dental market, a market we had not have presence up to now; and the expansion of our dental business in China. In the medical market, we broadened our solutions offering, serving the defense and public safety markets. And on the technology side, we enhanced our offering with patient communication software and established a dental software presence in Italy as well as in Austria. Going forward, we have significant opportunities to allocate capital in support of our 2018 to 2020 strategic bet and beyond this, actually into our 2021, 2022 and 2023 plans. These opportunities are focused on three main areas. First, in distribution, with the expansion of our core dental and medical businesses as we continue to build scale and expand our new -- into new geographies as well as drive efficiencies in the businesses on the distribution side. Second, we will continue to invest in value-added services, advancing our solutions, services and support for customers; and third, partnering with a broad set of manufacturers as well as building the Henry Schein brand with the key goal of expanding gross margins. This will, of course, advance business for manufacturers that we work closely with, while at the same time, advancing our own brands specifically in the specialty markets. So, fourth quarter 2019, some highlights. On the dental side, North American dental consumable merchandise internal sales in local currencies was essentially flat. This reflects soft end market demand from independent dental practices. I would note that for the fiscal 2019, North American dental consumable merchandise internal sales growth was 1.2% in local currencies. North American dental equipment had a healthy increase in internal sales of approximately 7% in local currencies, primarily driven by high-tech equipment sales across multiple manufacturers, but also as it relates to traditional -- the contribution of sales of traditional products. Also, our sales were positively impacted by our participation in a key supplier sales event in early part of the quarter, particularly for CAD/CAM and dental laser products. In the fourth quarter, internal sales in local currencies for high-tech equipment increased approximately 11%, including CAD/CAM equipment growth of more than 50% and traditional equipment growth of nearly 5%. Our current dental equipment backlog in North America suggests continued sales growth in the first quarter of 2020. We believe we have a healthy backlog in the North American equipment market. Internationally, dental consumables, internal sales growth in local currencies were solid with more than 4% increase, driven by broad-based strength across most of our businesses on the international side. International dental equipment internal growth declined by approximately 1% in local currencies, reflecting a difficult prior year comparison as well as a slower economy in Australia, although we believe that the backlog in Australia will also result in decent comeback in that market. In the fourth quarter, internal sales of global dental specialty products increased approximately 6% in local currencies. For 2020, we believe the run rate for sales of our differentiated dental specialty product portfolio will be in the range of $650 million. Dental specialty sales was approximately 12% of our total dental consumable merchandise sales in 2018 -- sorry, 2019. We believe our focus on this high-growth and higher-margin specialty areas offer significant growth opportunities over the long term. Our dental strategy is focused on promoting customer success through several key initiatives that help enable customer business efficiency and better clinical outcomes. Our key is to help our customers operate a more efficient practice so that our customers can provide better clinical care. This includes enhanced mechanisms of collecting customer feedback and the launch of our common CRM platform, bringing us closer to our customers by helping to improve sales and support capabilities. The internal changes that we have introduced successfully will help us help our customers succeed. We are also focused on supporting long-term gains in sales and profitability with additional key talent that we've added over the years, last few years, bringing additional capabilities that are contemporary in nature as well as we have expanded our product and service offerings. This all, we believe, bodes well for our global dental business. Now, let's move to our medical business, where we delivered strong internal sales growth, up 4% in the fourth quarter of more than 10% in local currencies, with the highest growth coming from our large enterprise customers. We also recorded solid sales increases from our mid-market and our general practitioners customers. So, across the Board, we generated decent and actually very good internal growth from all the customer categories in the medical business. We believe we continue to gain market share in the medical business as we deliver on a robust segmentation strategy inclusive of health systems, ambulatory surgical centers, large group practices, and independent offices. In 2019, we highlighted our focus on the university health and workplace safety, workplace health settings, both areas further diversifying Henry Schein's footprint and reflect meaningful long-term opportunity. Going forward, we will continue to cultivate our capabilities in each end market segment and offer our providers relevant products and solutions to drive outcomes. Our procedures and care continue to migrate -- as procedures and care continue to migrate out of the hospital, specialization remains very important to our medical business strategy. Gastroenterology, orthopedics and dermatology are just a few of the areas of focus. And Henry Schein has robust plans to deliver value in these growth segments. We are also committed to supporting providers with highly focused specialist solutions to help support clinical outcomes in the medical environment. One example is point-of-care diagnostics, which is undergoing a shift from lateral flow devices to molecular diagnostics. Our dedicated point-of-care specialists can help providers navigate the shift. Our credibility, in fact, has resulted in significant growth in business in the diagnostic area and specifically the point-of-care diagnostic area. During the quarter, our team also continued to focus on delivering core services that bring exceptional value to our customers, such as telemedicine, the telemedicine platform to help optimize healthcare delivery and maximize patient engagement. In addition, the digital marketing solutions we offer are helping our customers, prospect and secure new patients. Value-added services in the medical sector are also a key part of our growth strategy from a customer stickiness point of view and from a profit generation point of view. Looking ahead, we plan to continue to invest in expanding these solutions platforms to address customer clinical, financial and operational needs, whether in the general practitioner, subacute, care or large enterprise settings. Let's move to our technology and value-added services businesses. On a global basis, technology and value-added services internal growth grew in excess of 9% in local currencies in the fourth quarter. 2019 was an important year in the positioning of Henry Schein One as we undertook important initiatives to further operationalize the integration of the two business units that came together to create Henry Schein One. We see many opportunities to our customers across the spectrum with the general practitioners, mid-market practitioners, large-scale DSOs, helping them to adopt these innovative software solutions to help drive practice outreach. That's new business and efficiency. We have a significant domestic installed base of practice management solutions and a growing international base that represents prime customers for our practice, engagement and demand generation tools. Lots of opportunities to take our installed base and add additional software capabilities to that base. We are also enhancing our cloud-based software business with Dentrix Ascend, particularly with DSOs, but this also has significant benefit for mid-market practices that wish to centralize patient data. During the fourth quarter, we had several exciting new product introductions at Henry Schein One. We launched the beta version of our Tech [ph] Dentrix, quick goal e-statements with online bill pay. This solution will offices streamline collection processes and reduce mailing cost and accelerate cash flow. We launched Dentrix G7.3, offering ledger improvements to help customers track and identify adjustments as well as improve insurance payment processes. During the fourth quarter, we released a new chairside dashboard for Dentrix Ascend in the Symbian cloud-based system, enhancing clinical patient data for the dentists. Also, we completed development work on demand for steady intervention with Dentrix Ascend, allowing the two platforms to sync data and function better together. There is a lot of exciting development work going on at Henry Schein One as we continue to evolve as a service provider and trusted resource for a broad selection of products and services to, as we noted earlier on, to the various sectors of the dental market, small, mid-sized, and very large practices. Before I turn the call over to general questions, I would like to add to Steven's comments on the novel coronavirus. Henry Schein has a long history as a pioneer in our industry as a thought leader, problem solver and catalysts of public-private partnerships to address pressing complex health issues, specifically in the infection control area. One example of this is our deep engagement in pandemic preparedness and disaster relief for more than 25 years. As we saw from SARS, H1N1, MERS, Ebola, and now with the novel coronavirus outbreak, the risk of infectious diseases outbreaks is ever-present and possesses critical risks to the global health supply chain. Out of desire to learn the lessons of the past and save lives in the future, we leveraged Henry Schein's expertise, supply chain leadership and extensive network of relationships with our supplier partners, health professionals and international organizations to catalyze the public-private collaboration called the pandemic supply chain network and that was in 2015 when we established this network. The pandemic supply chain network works to accelerate the delivery of critical supplies to frontline health professionals by providing market visibility, needs planning, production capabilities and risk forecasting for healthcare supplies. Henry Schein serves as co-founder and private sector lead for the pandemic supply chain network along with the World Health Organization, the U.N. World Food program, the World Bank, UNICEF, the U.S. Center for Disease Control and Prevention, and the World Economic Forum. In this capacity, Henry Schein service as the main liaison between more than 40 members of the private sector, including UPS, and J&J, with 10 multilateral organizations in helping to advance this work. In addition, our innovative strategy of prepositioning donations of critical healthcare products with our strategic NGL partners to enable these organizations to swiftly respond to emergencies has enabled us to donate needed supplies to frontline health workers. A prepositioned donation of masks that Henry Schein had made back in September 2019 to MedShare International, MAP International, and Project HOPE was quickly deployed in China via the appropriate channels working with local Chinese authorities to help address the outbreak. Those donation at the time was valued at nearly $1 million. We see our leadership in developing innovative approaches to pandemic preparedness, and response is an important pathway for us to most effectively serve our customers make a critical contribution to society and as a key differentiator of Henry Schein as a global area in this -- a global leader in this area, all contributing to the important value of Henry Schein as an entity. So, with that overview, I'd like to open the call to questions. Operator, please open the line. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is going to come from the line of Jon Block, Stifel.
Jon Block: Thanks guys. Good morning. First one, Stanley, just the slight North American consumable number, I mean, it can always move around quarter-to-quarter. But this time, you called out particular weakness with the independents. And so just wondering if there's anything to elaborate on? Are there increasing pressures from this cohort from DSOs? I'd love more color there. Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, I don't think it's a pressure from DSOs per se. I think that there is an element of steady demand for services. I don't think it's decreasing. But also, there is, I would think, a searching for products that are perhaps lower priced that achieve the same outcomes. But overall, we believe the market is steady, the -- and up significantly growing. It is very hard to define exactly what an independent is and what a midsized practice is. The midsized practices are growing faster than the independents, but it's hard to tell exactly. We try to provide general guidance, but there's no scientific methodology for determining the one versus the other. But we believe that the market, from a procedure point, is relatively stable, with significant growth in some of the specialty areas. You cannot tell that from our numbers because our specialty products, as a percent of the total products, are relatively small, but as a percent of the profits are a little bit greater. So, we try to give some sense, but there's no scientific way of delineating between small practices and midsized practices.
Jon Block: Okay, got it. And Steven, the second one, I sort of use this as a clarification. So the specialty consumable number, Stanley, as you mentioned, again, solid growth, 6% plus. I think you mentioned the total bucket for the year around $650 million. I might be mistaken, but I thought in the past, that number was higher, like $750 million, maybe even $800 million plus. It obviously been growing. So, is that a refined number or refined definition of specialty consumables? And if so, what were some of the tweaks there. I'll follow-up offline with others. Thanks guys.
Steven Paladino: Sure. Yes, Jon. There was a refinement of the number. Historically, we were looking at all specialty products, which included a small portion of medical specialty products. And we thought it was more appropriate, really, to delineate just in dental specialty products. So, the total number is still correct, but the dental piece of it is at $650 million number.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is going to come from the line of Steve Valiquette, Barclays.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Jonathan on for Steve today. Just going back to your comment that independents are looking for lower-priced products. If we couple that with procedures are essentially stable, does that mean that the independents are shifting from you guys and just going to competitors and some of the online discounters, et cetera?
Stanley Bergman: I don't believe that is the case per se. I believe the alternate channels to the full service, whether it's online or short line discount providers, is relatively stable. We know this from having a bit of access to this market data through some of our investments. I don't think that is the case necessarily, but I do believe they are shopping for lower-priced units of product that are similar. And so I think there is somewhat of a downward drift in the unit price per product.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, fair enough. And then just on the DSO market, can you tell us kind of what you're seeing in the market there? Is there -- are compares being a little bit more aggressive in trying to take market share, et cetera? And I guess was there any softness similar to what you saw in the independent market? Or is it relatively stable there? Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: I think that market is relatively stable. We've always had significant competition in that market from time to time, one distributor or another may be super aggressive. Our posture is that we provide significant value-added services to DSOs, in particular, in the area of data and in the area of practice management software. And we feel that for that, our pricing needs to be fair so that we can afford to pay for the resources we provide, including human capital and make a decent margin. So, I would say that this market has always been competitive. We win some accounts, we lose some accounts. We do not report every transaction that goes on in that market. I think that will be too onerous. Having said that, I believe that market is relatively stable.
Steven Paladino: I would just add one other thing on the DSOs. It's more difficult to quantify what the unit growth there is because DSOs, by their nature, not only do they acquire certain products, but practices. But even if they start a new practice, it's difficult to determine how much of that new practice revenues is cannibalizing other practices and how much of it is real market growth. So, that's why it's harder to really quantify what's going on in the DSOs as far as market growth perspective. Yes, they're growing, but some of it is really, again, cannibalization. And it's cleaner on the independents and that's why we cited the independents because you don't have that dynamic.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Jeff Johnson, Baird.
Carolynne Borders: Jeff, are you there?
Operator: Hi, Jeff, go ahead with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi sorry, I was on mute. This is Corin [ph] on for Jeff. I know China is a very small part of your overall business, but especially with the recent acquisition of a Chinese distributorship located in Wuhan, we'd love to hear your perspective in general about the recent dental demand in China and how widespread the slowdown in dental demand is across China?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. First of all, our percentage of sales in China versus our international sales in dental or even our global sale -- or our global sales is immaterial. We do own an interest in one of the largest -- maybe is the largest distributor of dental products in Wuhan, but the impact to both the sales and bottom line is not material. As it relates to dental sales in China, I think the best is to do some research on your own relative to healthcare services being provided in China. By and large, the only services that are being provided in big parts of China are essential healthcare services. There are some parts of China where dental services continue to be provided, but a huge part of China, dental services are not being provided. So, this, of course, only kicked in, in the third week of January or so, maybe early February. We don't know when the government will restore general dental -- general medical services, and in fact, dental services. This is what creates a question mark in our mind. I don't think we're unique. I believe this is the case in all healthcare. But we believe that the Chinese government will restore healthcare services in the near future because it is important to the population. But of course, none of us know the exact date when that is going to happen in any specific region. 
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you. And one other question. We know you don't really guide to revenue growth, but can you provide any high-level thoughts on the North American dental consumables and equipment growth for 2020.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Again, let me just mention that related to coronavirus, one of the issues separate from our Chinese business, which again, as Stanley said, is small and not material, there is a question on availability of product from manufacturers on certain products, specifically things like masks and gowns and disinfectants. We saw a little bit of an accelerated demand early in Q1, but we do have limited supply, and we are really not sure when we will be able to get additional supply if there will be no disruption or if there'll be some or significant disruption, it's impossible to tell right now. So, demand really caveats that whole area because if we don't have supply, that will negatively impact the demand in consumables. So excluding any significant impact related to that, we still think that the market, while it's soft, really isn't dramatically changed. It is stable. So, we're expecting that to continue. We continue to have stable demand and products for consumables. The other thing that we're looking to do, Stanley highlighted it in his prepared remarks is, again, continue to grow in faster subcategories of the market like dental specialties to help offset that, the slower growth in general consumable products. So, I think we're really expecting stability in the consumable market going forward in our guidance.
Unidentified Analyst:
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Elizabeth Anderson, Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson: HI, good morning guys. Could you just -- I'm sorry, I apologize if I missed it, but could you talk about the impact of flu on medical in the quarter?
Steven Paladino: Sure. We didn't specifically mention flu as -- I guess, there's two components of influenza. One is the actual flu vaccine that we sell to our customers. That was strong, but it's not a big driver of the overall growth, really, because it was a more severe flu and virus season. We saw patient traffic to the physician offices accelerate a bit. It's unfortunate that it's the severe season this year, but it is, and that does drive overall patient traffic and overall demand in products other than influenza per se -- influenza vaccine per se.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. And could you just comment broadly on where you are in terms of DSO renewals for the year?
Steven Paladino: Yes. So, we feel -- we don't like to talk about specific entities and specific situations. We think from a competitive point of view, we're better off really not talking about that. But I will say that we feel very good with our large DSO customers. We feel like we have very strong relationships of providing exceptional service and feel good about our ability to continue to serve that customer base. And although there are some of our competitors who are looking to grow in that space, it is a little bit different than non-DSO business. And the requirements that these customers have is a little bit different. And we feel like we are uniquely positioned to be able to serve them really well. So, on average, we feel good about this customer base.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is going to come from the line of Nathan Rich, Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: Thanks for the question. I just wanted to follow-up on your commentary about kind of changing purchasing pattern from the independent practices. I mean, do you feel like this is a more permanent shift in how they think about purchasing supplies? And I'd be curious to kind of know the nature of the changes that you're seeing? Is it more lower-priced brands, more private label? And do you think that it ultimately has an impact on how they're thinking about purchasing equipment as well? 
Stanley Bergman: So, there are two questions in that. The one, Nathan, is related to consumables. I think that small practices, midsized and large practices will spend more money per unit of product if there is some innovation in that product. We feel quite comfortable that with many of our key suppliers, there are innovative products coming out, that come out and are coming out, and that will drive products, that will drive pricing up, I think, of certain units. I don't think this is a permanent change unless there's no innovation. But we understand from our key suppliers that they are current new -- current products, good products that have been launched, innovative products that have been launched and that the pipeline continues to have products going forward, new products. As it relates to equipment, there have been competitive pricing challenges in certain imaging products. I don't believe that is the case any longer. And we know for sure, at least amongst our customer base, that they are investing in their practices, whether it's in CAD/CAM, laser or for that matter, quite frankly, traditional sales, where we reported in the North America a 5% increase. So, we believe that the equipment market is quite robust. We believe our backlog is solid. And so we are optimistic about the equipment market in general in North America, and for that matter, globally. And we believe that the consumable market is stable, and I think, should be judged over a few quarters and not necessarily one quarter.
Nathan Rich: That's helpful. And Steve, maybe just going back to a previous question. As we think about the outlook versus the North America market, I think that you guys typically try to grow above the market each year. It seems like you kind of expect a continuation of the end market trends that we've been seeing. How should we think about the loss of the large DSO customers that you called out late last year impacting the growth in that business? And kind of when we put it all together, can you kind of help kind of frame how you're thinking about growth in the North American market for 2020?
Steven Paladino: Yes, I think when we report, we'll probably give more detail on that because I think it would be difficult for us, although not impossible, but difficult to say we're going to gain market share, including the loss of that one customer. I think, really, our goal would be -- that may be too optimistic and that the market share gains would be excluding the impact of that one particular customer.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Sarah James, Piper Sandler.
Sarah James: Thank you. So, you guys have talked about this being a big couple of years coming up for equipment innovation, I think, from multiple manufacturers. Can you provide any more details on that? And how do you think about incorporating that into your sales guidance? Thanks.
Steven Paladino: Sure. So, we're hopeful that there's some upside because of new products coming into the market. We don't specifically have that built into our guidance because it's difficult to estimate the timing of when those products come into the market and what traction -- how quickly they'll get traction. But for example, one of the product categories that we saw some nice growth in Q4 in was lasers. Lasers are still a relatively new technology even though lasers have been out for a long time. The adoption of lasers in the dental market is still relatively low. So, from that perspective, it's a newer product. And it does have merit; it can do certain procedures quicker as well as less pain to the patient. So, that's one good example, but it does take time. The dental market does tend to be slow in adopting new technologies and slow in adopting new equipment. Our equipment sales growth was not just CAD/CAM in Q4. Yes, it was led by CAD/CAM, but we also had traditional equipment growth, we also had the laser growth, we had some other high-tech equipment growth. So, the short answer again is we don't have anything specific built into our guidance because it's difficult to do so around timing.
Sarah James: That's helpful. And just a bigger picture question on the renewal cycle of DSO contracts. Can you give us an idea of pacing? Is 2020 a larger, small year? How do you think about the big renewal years coming up for your DSO contracting? Thanks.
Steven Paladino: Well, one of the things that we made a concerted effort we were successful in doing is rather than having, as we had several years ago, a lot of the renewals all coming up in 1 year, we really don't have that. We were able to spread out some of the renewals so that they're not all bunched up in one particular year. So, we feel good that, that's helpful because even to focus on the renewals and to provide responses to RFPs, if you have them all coming up at one-time, it's more difficult than to focus on a few at a time. So it's also good because the impact of any one -- or any one year is not as significant as it was two or three years ago when that happens.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is going to come from the line of Michael Cherny, Bank of America.
Michael Cherny: Stan, earlier, you talked about the 10 deals completed in the course of the year. You also mentioned on another part of the call your focus on the portfolio and continuing to utilize capital to deploy, to add on to your existing capabilities. Can you maybe give us a sense as you look out over the next one, three, maybe even five years, how you think of that M&A strategy evolving in terms of consistently adding new geographic territories on -- for distribution side versus other value-add services versus other potential private label products that you can push through your channel? 
Stanley Bergman: Yes, a good question. We actually see opportunity in all of our businesses. If you look at our capital distribution business, there's a geographic footprint expansion but also there is opportunity to add to our portfolio in practically every market throughout the world. There are no massive dental distribution businesses, really, in our site in, say, North America, but there are opportunities throughout the world on the consumable and equipment side. And there are specific markets where we're relatively underpenetrated. Having said this, we have a relatively smaller market share in specialty areas. Our market is growing. Our business is growing very nicely in the ortho, endo and oral surgery implants and bone regeneration businesses in many parts of the world. But there are many parts of the world where we either are not present or have a very small presence, so there is significant opportunity to invest in the specialty areas. Henry Schein One has huge opportunities in many, many areas for investment. And our medical business has opportunity on the distribution side in North America, but globally, there is a lot of opportunity. And on the medical side, there is a significant opportunity in investing in specialty products and businesses, including some vertical integration, specialty opportunities as we've seen on the dental side. So, we see many opportunities across the Board. We're very comfortable doing these mid-sized deals that we've been doing for years, and every now and again, do something involving putting hundreds of millions of dollars to work. But the $350 plus million of acquisitions each year is something we're quite comfortable with. We can integrate them well. And again, we see lots of opportunity for that kind of investment, and every now and again, a significant investment above number. All of these adding to our geographic presence, our product offering, and in certain areas, improving on our margins.
Michael Cherny: And then just, Steve, you mentioned the initiation of a new restructuring program on the -- coming up. Can you maybe give a little sense in terms of what are some of the areas you're targeting as you put forward in that restructuring program? And where are some of the efficiencies that you think Henry Schein, who's always been pretty efficient, can get more efficient in?
Steven Paladino: Well, I would say that a lot of it comes from -- every year, we do 10, 12 acquisitions, and sometimes, you can't fully integrate without restructuring. So, it's not really -- it's -- there's also a lot of new technologies that are out there to help operating more efficiently that we want to implement and that will save money. It will not be focused on any of the sales activities; we feel there's no need to do anything in that area. So, we're really more on non-sales activities that we will focus on.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one last question. That question will come from Kevin Caliendo with UBS. 
Brett Gasaway: Hey guys. This is Brett on for Kevin Caliendo. I appreciate you squeezing me at the end. I just want to go back to the DSO RFP strategy. I mean is there any insight you can give around pricing and possibly bundling value-added services going forward that may have shifted after the contract loss in 2019? Just trying to get more clarity around there. Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Steven can provide further specific thoughts, but we have not changed our strategy per se in dealing with DSOs. It's always been a competitive market. As it relates to particular bundling opportunities, we've always bundled in one way or another. And to be specific, I think, would not be a good idea from a competitor point of view. Suffice to say is our offering of general consumables is most competitive, whether it's branded or our own brand and our offering of specialty products is quite unique amongst the distribution community. And certainly, we have a unique offering opportunity in the practice management Henry Schein One arena. So, I think we remain highly competitive in the space and where we have had a very good market share in the United States as well as in Europe. And by the way, in Europe, this DSO movement, to some extent, is growing in certain markets and we remain well-positioned to capitalize on that business as we have in the United States. It has always been a competitive market.
Steven Paladino: Yes. The only thing I would add to that is our DSO customers are looking for not only very good supply chain, pricing and logistics but also helping them run more efficient practices, helping them with patient demand generation and really doing a lot more solutions for them than just supply chain solutions. And I think that's where we excel through Henry Schein One, especially on patient demand. I think we have unparalleled expertise in that area and some of the other value-added solutions that we have. So, I think that, that whole package really will be the winning package for customers. And again, we're uniquely positioned to be able to do that.
Brett Gasaway: Yes, that's helpful. And if I could squeeze in one more. Just going to the reveal aligner that was introduced today at Chicago Midwinter, should we be thinking about any contribution from that in 2020 and any potential cannibalization of the XLS base going forward?
Stanley Bergman: I don't think you should draw any major conclusions. First of all, the two products have been introduced for about a year on mostly a beta site basis. As we did mention on the last call, we have a number of DSOs for the reveal product that have signed up. I do believe that over time, we will generate a good business in this line of field. We have a good product. We have good offering. We have some very good sales case -- marketing sales capacity behind it. But as we've said in the past, this is one additional product line to Henry Schein, and we should not draw specific conclusions on the overall impact as it relates to the business of Henry Schein in general. But we remain quite optimistic that we have a good product and a good offering, and we will slowly introduce it to ensure that our sales match the capacity to deliver. But again, we believe we have a very good product offering in both -- for both the specialist and GP and position our GP customers to compete very well with the direct players in this market. We have met a lot of positive comments. We've gotten some sales, but I think it is too early to add too much to our earnings related to this product offering, especially in light of the fact that we will be investing in sales and marketing in this area.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to Stanley for closing comments.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much operator. As we close today's call, I'd like to leave the investors with a thought about our business model and go-to-market strategy. We have spent decades diversifying and differentiating our dental and medical businesses by adding new products and solutions, particularly for dental, expanding our geographic footprint, and specialty offering. Our success is not bound by the growth profile of any one particular market or customer segment. We really have a diverse product offering. We are confident that we will continue to grow our sales, our gross margin, manage our expenses better, and therefore, increase operating income with the result of increase in EPS, all while turning these increased profits into cash. Growth rates will vary quarter-to-quarter in each category, but we view the fundamentals of each market we serve as solid and some as being markets that we're extremely optimistic about, whether it's the specialty markets; the practice management solutions markets; Henry Schein One; the medical markets, or for that matter, the dental and medical equipment market; and in certain sectors of the world, the consumable market, the dental consumable market. It is our goal to provide continuous growth in sales and profitability, resulting in an attractive long-term return on investment for our shareholders as we have done in the 25 years as a public company. I remain extremely optimistic about the future of Henry Schein. I can comfortably say that from a management point of view, we are better positioned today than ever before to take advantage of the opportunities that lie ahead of us. It is still the first quarter, and it is not the right time to be increasing guidance, but we do remain optimistic about Henry Schein's future. Having said that, there are a lot of variables in the world beyond anyone's control, including the Chinese situation relative to the local market. Again, not material to Henry Schein from a sales and profit point of view and availability of infection control products. We cannot be certain about that. Having said that, I believe we're very well-positioned, in fact, almost as good as anyone else to deal with the supply challenges. It's just that we cannot be 100% certain about anything. We have been working on supply chain in the infection control arena for decades and have always, in the past, been able to supply our customers with product as needed. But having said that, it is -- it would be foolhardy to make predictions in the first quarter of 2020 about the full year. Having said that, we stick with our guidance, and hopefully, we'll be in a position to present better news as the year unfolds. We look forward to speaking to you again in May, we -- when we report our next earnings, and of course, at one of the next conferences. And in fact, we'll be meeting investors here in Chicago in multiple meetings. We're very, very pleased with the progress we're making in all of our business sectors and are very excited about the future of Henry Schein. Our customers, I believe, appreciate what we're doing. And as I said, we have an outstanding team in place, with each of the key areas of focus being well-positioned for the future. So, as we go into preparing for our 2021, 2022, 2023 strategic plan, I remain extremely enthusiastic and excited about the future of Henry Schein. Thank you very much for listening to us today. We look forward again to future calls and meetings. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact Carolynne Borders in Investor Relations at 631-390-8105, 631-390-8105 and thank you again for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. Once again, we'd like to thank you for participating in today's Henry Schein fourth quarter and full year 2019 conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Henry Schein third quarter 2019 conference call. All lines have been placed on mute. All participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you Holly. Before I begin, I want to make sure that we no longer have that background noise. It sounds like it is now muted. Thank you. Thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the 2019 third quarter. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referenced to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end-market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. Our conference call remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for information and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for the corresponding GAAP measures. These reconciliations can be found in the supplemental info section of our Investor Relations website and in Exhibit B of today's press release which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, November 5, 2019. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up during Q&A to allow as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for this call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you Carolynne. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. We are pleased that we reported solid third quarter financial results with increases in diluted EPS from continuing operations of 54.2% on a GAAP basis and 15.4% on a non-GAAP basis. We continue to make progress in growing organically with a focus on sales of higher-margin products while making strategic investments to supplement growth in the years ahead. Today, we are tightening our guidance range for 2019 non-GAAP EPS from continuing operations, which reflects growth of 8% to 9% compared to 2018 results. Steven will discuss this in greater detail in a moment but note that we continue to believe that global dental and medical markets that we serve are growing. We are executing well on our 2018 to 2020 strategic plan, especially in the slow-growing U.S. dental consumable market. As we progress with our strategic plan, we are confident that we are well positioned to gain further market share in all our businesses, leading to increased EPS. We are particularly pleased this quarter with the performance in our international businesses as well as our dental specialties, technology and value-added services and U.S. medical businesses. As you listen to our call today and of course read our filings, I hope that our investors appreciate that we are making solid progress in driving the composition of our operating margin towards higher margin products, including our specialty brands, suppliers who value the services we provide and of course efficiencies in the business. While we are investing heavily in additional value-added services and digital signal technology, both in our distribution, manufacturing and Henry Schein One businesses as well as human capital, our number one assets and of course continue to advance satisfying and in fact, exceeding the needs of our customers in environments where all businesses are faced with increased expectations by customers. So I hope that I believe we provided the information needed for our investors to come to the conclusion that I just outlined. So at this time, I will hand the call over to Steven to review our financial results and guidance and then I will provide some additional commentary on our recent business performance and accomplishments as well as a number of other matters. Thank you. Steven?
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you Stanley and good morning to all. As we begin, I would like to point out that I will be discussing our results from continuing operations as reported on a GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis. Our Q3 2019 and Q3 2018 non-GAAP results exclude certain costs that are detailed in Exhibit B of today's press release and in the supplemental information section of our Investor Relations website. Please note that as with the first half of the year, we have again included a corporate sales category for Q3 that represents sales to Covetrus under the transition services agreement. There product related TSAs are currently scheduled to run through August 2020. It should also be noted that in October 2019, we sold our minority equity interest in Hu-Friedy, a manufacturer of dental instruments and infection prevention solutions. This minority investment sale will result in a significant fourth quarter gain in 2019. However, at this time, we are still quantifying the exact amount of the gain due to certain contingent consideration included in the transaction. I will also note that this investment was a non-controlling investment and we were not involved in running the business. We also had no representation on the company's Board of Directors. This was a financial investment. We have had an excellent relationship over many years with Hu-Friedy as one of their key distribute distribution partners, in particular helping them build share in the international markets. So now turning to our Q3 results. Net sales from continuing operations for the quarter ended September 28, 2019, were $2.5 billion, reflecting a 6.5% increase compared with the third quarter of 2018, with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 3.9%. When excluding the sales to Covetrus under the TSA, internal sales growth in local currencies was 3.0%. The details of our sales growth are contained in Exhibit A of our earnings press release that was issued earlier this morning. On a GAAP basis, operating margin for the third quarter of 2019 was 7.5% and increased 223 basis points compared with the third quarter of 2018. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes restructuring costs in both periods and also excludes the litigation settlement expense in the prior year, our operating margin was 7.4% and increased 20 basis points on a year-over-year basis, mainly due to lower expenses as a percentage of sales. Of that 20 basis point increase in operating margin, acquisitions contributed 12 basis points. You can find a reconciliation of GAAP operating margin to non-GAAP operating margin in the supplemental info page on the Investor Relations page of our website. Turning to taxes. Our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2019 was 23.5%. This compares with 15.7% GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2018. However, on non-GAAP basis, our effective tax rate was 23% and 0.5% and this compares with the prior year non-GAAP effective tax rate of 22.5% in the same period last year. Again, look at the supplemental info page on the Investor Relations page of our website for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP taxes. We estimate that our full year effective tax rate will be in the 24% range, both on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. Moving on, net income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. for Q3 of 2019 was $134.9 million or $0.91 per diluted share. And this compares with the prior-year GAAP net income from continuing operations of $90.8 million or $0.59 per share. Third quarter 2019 results include a pretax reduction in the estimated restructuring cost that we previously have accrued of about $800,000 or $0.01 per diluted share. Again, those restructuring cost were originally accrued in earlier period and this was a small change in estimate for those costs. Excluding the reduction in restructuring cost, non-GAAP net income from continuing operations for the third quarter of 2019 was $134.3 million or $0.90 per diluted share and this compares with non-GAAP net income from continuing operations of $120 million or $0.78 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2018. This represents growth of 12% and 15.4%, respectively. If we are looking at provide some additional detail on our results from continuing operations, it's important to note that amortization from acquired intangible assets for Q3 2019 was $29.5 million pretax or $0.15 per diluted share. This compares with $19 million pretax or $0.09 per diluted share for the same period last year. For the first nine months of the year, the amortization was $79.6 million pretax or $0.40 per diluted share and that compares to the nine months of $56.2 million pretax or $0.20 per diluted share in the same period last year. I will also note, in Q3 of this year, foreign exchange currency negatively impacted our diluted EPS by approximately 1% for the quarter. Let me now provide some detail on the sales results for the quarter. Our dental sales were $1.5 billion, an increase of 2.1% compared with the prior year with internal growth in local currencies of 1.7%. North American internal sales in local currencies was down 0.2% and included 1.2% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise. This growth was primarily driven by strong sales of dental specialty products and is also against a difficult comparison in the prior year as internal sales growth for dental consumables last year was 4.3%. Our dental equipment sales and service revenues included internal sales that decreased 4.5% in local currencies. That's partially related to deferral of sales orders in anticipation of the Dentsply Sirona World sales event which was held in October this year and was held in Q3 last year. That contributed to a decline in high-tech equipment sales. This decline was mostly driven by lower CAD/CAM sales because of that selling event. I will also note that our current dental equipment backlog is very solid. International dental internal sales growth in local currencies was 5.0%. This included 4.1% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise. Our growth in international consumable merchandise sales was driven by broad-based sales growth across Europe and other international markets, including strong dental specialty sales in our international markets. The international dental equipment sales and service revenue internal growth in local currencies was 7.9%, including very strong CAD/CAM sales. Note that our change in our business model in Brazil had very little impact on the international dental equipment sales in the current quarter. Medical sales were $804 million in the third quarter, an increase of 11.3% with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 5.3%. The 5.3% internal growth in local currencies was the same number in both North America and internationally. Our medical sales results once again are driven by both solid organic growth along with a contribution of acquisitions sales growth from North American Rescue acquisition. We believe our medical group is well-positioned with large group practices, independent physician offices and alternate sites of care with strong customer relationships in each category contributing to our growth. Our technology and value-added services sales from continuing operations were $137 million in the third quarter, an increase of 15.1% with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 4.9%. In North America, technology internal sales growth in local currencies was 4.5% on an as reported basis. Our technology sales in Q3 2019 were bolstered by a billing related to the U.S. Department of Defense contract which was approximately $9 million in the current quarter and that compares to $6.3 million in the same period last year. This was partially offset by lower financial services revenue related to the lower dental equipment sales we experienced in the third quarter. Internationally, technology and value-added services internal sales growth increased by 7.35% in local currencies. We continued to repurchase common stock in the open market during the third quarter buying 1.6 million shares at an average price of $62.48 for a total of approximately $98 million. The impact of the repurchase of shares on our third quarter diluted EPS was immaterial. Also note, on October 31, 2019, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $400 million of shares and that's on top of the $75 million that we have available at the end of the quarter. So in total, we have $475 million available for future stock repurchases. Let's take a brief look at some of the highlights of our cash flow. We had strong operating cash flow from continuing operations for the quarter. It was $226.4 million and that compared to $157.5 million in the third quarter of last year. We continue to believe we will have strong operating cash flow for the year. We also note that we plan on implementing a new restructuring initiative in 2020. The goal of that initiative is two-fold. One is to help mitigate stranded cost from some of the expiring transitional services agreements related to the Animal Health Spin-off as well as to continue to look for more opportunities to save costs and drive operating efficiencies. At this time, we do not have specific details on this initiative since they are in process of being developed but we will provide additional details on future earnings calls. I will conclude my remarks by noting that we are tightening our guidance range for 2019 non-GAAP diluted EPS. At this time, we are not providing GAAP guidance as we are unable to provide an accurate estimate of the gain on the minority equity investment tat we just talked about that. That will be recorded in the fourth quarter. Again, this gain is subject to certain contingent consideration related to the transaction, which makes calculating it a little bit more difficult. This guidance supersedes both our GAAP and non-GAAP guidance previously issued. Our 2019 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. is now expected to be in the range of $3.41 to $3.47, reflecting growth of 8% to 9% compared with the 2018 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations which was $3.17. The outlook for 2019 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations excludes $0.08 of estimated restructuring expenses and $0.01 credit to income tax expense related to the Animal Health Spin-off. Non-GAAP guidance also excludes the gain on sales of minority equity investment which will be recorded in Q4 and also our non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations for 2018 exclude certain expenses and benefits, netting to a charge of $0.37 per diluted share and you could see that as reflected on our previous earnings releases for 2018. Turning to 2020. We are introducing non-GAAP diluted EPS for 2020. At this time, again, we will not be providing GAAP diluted EPS as we are unable to provide an accurate estimate of costs related to the restructuring that I mentioned earlier. 2020 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein is expected to be in the range of $3.65 to $3.75 and that reflects growth of 6% to 9% compared with the midpoint of our 2019 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations, which was $3.44. Our guidance for both 2019 and 2020 GAAP and non-GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. is for current operations as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions but does not include the impact of potential future acquisitions, if any, or the restructuring expenses. Guidance assumes foreign exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels. And the guidance also assumes that end markets remain stable and are consistent with current market conditions. I will also note that our guidance assumes certain continued IT investment in three areas. One is CRM. The second is European ERP. And the third is our web interface development. We will continue to make investments in those three areas in 2020. With that said, I would like to now turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you Steven. Let's begin with a review of our third quarter dental business highlights. During the quarter, the North American dental consumable merchandise internal sales grew by 1.2% in local currencies as we reported earlier on. As Steven mentioned, this despite a difficult comparison to the third quarter last year when we reported growth of more than 4%. In the third quarter, we believe Henry Schein grew slightly faster than the end markets. Internationally, dental consumables internal sales in local currencies grew 4.1%. This was also faster than our estimates for the end market growth driven by broad-based sales across the entire business, in part driven by strong dental specialty sales as well. And the third quarter internal sales of global dental specialty products increased 9.3% in local currencies and we did particularly well in the areas of implants and bone regeneration products and endodontic products of our own brands. In dental equipment, internal sales in the third quarter in North America declined 4.5% in local currencies, primarily related to decline in high-tech equipment revenue. Traditional equipment sales grew at a healthy rate of 4.8%. We are particularly pleased with our performance on the equipment sales in general. As you may know, one of our large dental manufacturing partners, Dentsply Sirona, there was a key sales event early in the fourth quarter and we believe a portion of practices in the U.S. held off on equipment purchases in anticipation of show promotions. Last year, this event was in the third quarter of 2018. This was an excellent sales event for Henry Schein, particularly for sales of high tech equipment and specifically CAD/CAM and extraoral imaging products. More than twice as many of our dental customers attended the Dentsply Sirona World compared to last year and we believe the strong participation should translate into incremental dental equipment sales for Henry Schein in the fourth quarter and beyond that even. As Steven mentioned, our current dental equipment backlog suggests improved fourth quarter dental equipment sales. International dental equipment internal sales had a robust growth of 8% in local currencies in the third quarter. This was particularly encouraging given the economies in certain of the markets that we operate showing that dentists are prepared to invest in their practices when the investment results in improved profitability of the practice, while at the same time providing better quality care for the patients that the practitioner is treating. We know that investing in new dental equipment and digital technology can transform a dental practice through enhanced capabilities, greater efficiency and increased patient satisfaction. We look forward to working with strategic supplier partners to build mutual market share for those manufacturers who continue to innovate and address practice opportunities and challenges and who understand and appreciate the value that Henry Schein can bring to those manufacturers who are bringing their products to market. We continue to see opportunities to advance interoperability between Henry Schein One and equipment manufactures. This is really important. A key part of the strategy of Henry Schein One is to integrate specifically digital dental equipment into the electronic medical record and from there also advance better quality of care and patient demand generation. Over time, we believe that key demographic trends including among the aging population in the developed world and expanding middle class in the developing world as well as greater awareness of the link between oral care and oral health will all drive dental market growth. And specifically with certain products and specifically in the specialty products and digital dentistry. We have built our portfolio of solutions around helping dental professionals manage more efficient practices, enabling our customers to improve the overall health and well-being of their patients, help to educate patients about the oral systemic connection. The connection between good oral care and good health care in general. There is a huge amount of data that has been published in the last decade specifically in the last few years connecting the notion of good oral care with good health care in general. We believe education will invigorate the dental practice with new wellness services and reinforce the value of prevention and regular oral care as with general population understands that wellness and prevention lead to a better life, a quality of life, and, of course, lower cost of healthcare in general. The requirements have moved from sick care to health care, which is a good segue into our medical business, which is focused in the ultimate care section of medicine with a high focus on wellness and prevention. We delivered solid internal growth in the third quarter of 5.3% in local currencies. Our medical team has built a reputation for excellence in serving small and large scale physician practices with a goal of enhancing patient care. We have made many investments in our solutions and systems to optimize what oftentimes are highly complicated supply chain systems. The needs of the office-based practitioner of the ultimate care sites are quite unique and we believe we satisfy these customers in a rather unique way. Our goal is to think ahead of an evolving medical landscape to best support patient focus care across the sub-acute spectrum. And in this connection, we continue to invest in technology to support these customers' unique needs. A great example of our forward thinking is our announcement several months ago of the availability of Medpod MobileDoc 2, integrated with Uber Health. This platform is designed to enable health care practitioners to conduct remote telemedicine examinations for patients in nontraditional care settings, such as homes, offices and schools. We provide the vital signs monitoring equipment in the vehicle so that the practitioner is able to read and gauge the vital signs of the patients in the field. We are helping to seek practices transform and improve relationships with patients looking for convenient access to care, a key requirement of the younger generation. As we invest in our teams, systems and product offerings, we believe we will remain a trusted valued partner to small physician practices, large group medical practice, specialties practices, general practices and urgent care and ambulatory care centers as they promote increased wellness and prevention for their patients while at the same time servicing the ambulatory surgical center in a rather unique way. Now let's move to our technology and value-added services business. Henry Schein continues to evolve as a provider, as a service provider shall we say, as well as a resource for unmatched selection of products and services. Henry Schein One is an important strategic asset, not only in the day-to-day management of practices, but also to drive both existing and prospective patients into our customer's practices. Over the years, we have successfully expanded our services beyond our world-class distribution platform and practice management software into building a model to help practitioners better engage with and market their practices to patients and serve these practices more efficiently and effectively. In other words, positioning our customers to provide better healthcare, providing better tools to provide better healthcare while bringing that to the attention of the public and their patients in general. The Henry Schein One platform exemplifies our service-oriented solutions and last quarter, we delivered several new functional enhancements. In practice management, we introduced electronic forms of consents as well as new practice workflow tools. In patient engagement and patient acquisitions, we launched an expressed chick-in solution as well as a powerful new full appointment to allow practices book open appointment slots to help dentists manage practices and maintain a full schedule and prioritize the procedures in conformity with the practitioners' needs. We also offer online appointment booking through Dentrix Ascend. This is our successful cloud-based system and soon through Dentrix, our traditional Windows-based system, allowing patients to book appointments on their practice website as well as through links in emails and text appointment reminders. We have a significant text reminder business around the world and actually quite uniquely in our international markets. I mentioned last quarter that we are looking for new opportunities to cross sell our software solutions with practitioners who purchase our consumable merchandise and equipment. Our Henry Schein One and Henry Schein dental teams are increasingly engaged and working collaboratively to support our customers across our business. Although it's barely a year old, we continue to believe that Henry Schein One represents a significant opportunity over the short, medium and long term and we expect to continue to enhance our product offering. Before we open the call to questions, I would like to comment on two important developments related to litigation. First, with regard to the recent decision by the FTC, we are gratified that the Chief Administrative Law Judge dismissed claims that Henry Schein conspired with competitors to avoid providing discounts to buying groups representing dental practitioners which we publicly denied from the start and are happy to do business with dentists in any form, have been committed to doing that for decades. Secondly, we announced that in the case of opioid litigation involving Summit County, Ohio, presently before the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, the plaintiff has agreed to dismiss Henry Schein with prejudice as a defendant. The opioid crisis is a terrible national tragedy and we believe that all segments of society must come together to address this crisis. Even before this litigation, we have played a constructive role and look forward to continue to play a constructive role in helping to advance solutions that put an end to the tragic opioid addiction crisis. As such, Henry Schein will make $1 million donation to establish an educational foundation in Summit County to develop best practices regarding the proper use of prescription opioids. We believe this will in the end be a benefit to practitioners in dental and medical and society in general. Working with Summit County, we will make the donation to a Pain Management Education Foundation dedicated to making grants supporting and aggregating research around best practices for pain management, including the prescription of opioids and alternatives, educating dentists, physicians, clinical associates, patients and patient networks on those best practices along with the risks of opioid addictions and alternative pain management treatment, opioid options for key indications. Henry Schein will also pay $250,000 of Summit County expenses. Henry Schein has a long-standing commitment to doing well by doing good and operating our business in an ethical manner wherever we might operate throughout the world. Team Schein looks forward to continuing to serve all our customers and suppliers with excellence and integrity that is expected from us and at the same time serving the needs of our investors and indeed society in general. With that, operator, we look forward to opening the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is going to come from the line of Glen Santangelo, Guggenheim.
Glen Santangelo: Hi. Yes. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to comment on underlying market growth rate trends in the North American dental business. It looks this quarter that the consumable business obviously was facing a difficult 4%-plus comp last year and the equipment business was obviously impacted by the timing of the Dentsply event. But as we look to the balance of the year, have you seen any change in those underlying trends in either of those two businesses? And where would you sort of peg the growth rates at for each?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Glen, I think it's hard to be precise within basis points. I mean they are in a very narrow trading range. But if you kind of look at on the consumable side, what we did in 2018, what we did in 2019, you divide by two, it's something like that. Maybe a little lower, maybe a little higher but it's some deflation, not a lot. The unit growth is about stable in general, quite well with pretty good growth in the specialty areas and the number of procedures. So on balance, it's very hard to be precise. On equipment, the market is quite healthy and we often caution investors not to look at one or two quarters but to take a look at a 12-month, four quarter, something like that. This quarter was a particularly unusual quarter. We actually had very good traditional equipment sales. One or two vendors did well. One or two vendors were somewhat challenged. We had some challenges with the CAD/CAM and the extraoral imaging products. But in that regard, a lot of that is related to a particular supplier, Dentsply who held a convention in the third quarter and we have reported that we have a pretty solid backlog of equipment going into the fourth quarter. So I think it's very, very hard to be precise within basis points. But generally, I think these markets are positive with equipment being quite good. I am not saying we were surprised with the positive developments on the traditional equipment side, but I think that's an indication that practitioners are prepared to invest in their practice and by the way, this is not only in the United States but in Europe also. With the surprisingly challenging economy in most of our major markets, we have done quite well. And I think we did pick up market share. But the bottom line is practitioners are investing in their practices.
Glen Santangelo: I appreciate the comments, Stan. Steve, maybe if I could just follow-up on the initial fiscal 2020 guide. I was kind of just curious, are you assuming any trend changes in any of those underlying markets? I know you specifically did not include any capital deployment in your guidance and you sort of called out the IT investments. I just wonder if you could maybe size that? And any sort of high level commentary to help us think about that initial guidance would be helpful. Thanks.
Steven Paladino: Sure. So the 2020 guidance assumes that market conditions are pretty much consistent with what we are currently experiencing. So we are still expecting U.S. consumable merchandise growth to be modest. We are expecting a little bit of pickup on overall equipment. Again, we think Q3 was negatively impacted by, again, the Dentsply Sirona World sales event. But we do have a little bit of headwinds in a couple of areas. One is in stranded costs. Stranded cost in 2020 are expected to be greater than 2019. Right now, we are estimating that they could be at the high-end of the range, could be $10 million to $12 million. But we are working very diligently on reducing those stranded costs. But there is still more work to be done to see how far we can reduce them. But again, right now, the estimate is in the $10 million to $12 million range. And there were also increased investments in the technology investments. We are not quantifying exactly how much that is, but certainly it's in the millions of dollars range of increased IT investments. Part of that is going to be ongoing because some of those IT investments are not a one-year event. They are multiple year events. So I think the step-up is in 2020. And hopefully they won't as significant a step-up in future years. We also assume from the effective tax rate, that the tax rate will be approximately equal to or slightly less than what we currently are experiencing. So at the 24% range or slightly below 24%. And we are assuming a little bit, not the full amount, a little bit of stock buyback in our guidance. We are not assuming the full amount that was authorized since it's difficult to predict exactly how much we will buyback in any given year.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jon Block, Stifel.
Jon Block: Great. Thanks guys. Good morning. Nice quarter. I am actually going to start with the specialty consumable number. Stan, I thought you gave a number around 9% or even over 9%. That's a big number. So was that predominantly or all driven by implants? Are there any incremental revenues coming from some of your other initiatives like I guess what I am alluding to would be clear aligners and do you that high single digit number from specialty can be maintained as we look forward?
Stanley Bergman: Thanks. Jon, that's a very good question. I think we have outlined to Wall Street on many occasions that our goal is, of course, to continue to make our distribution business a core business more efficient, continue to grow market share, satisfy the complexities of our customers, they are growing, some of them, even the small customers have great demand today for our value-added services. But we have two key programs, well three key initiatives to mitigate margin compression. The first is specialty products. I will cover that in a minute. The second is value-added services. And the third is expense mitigation, in other words, driving efficiency in the practice business. A slight bonus in that, a challenge in that, because we had the Covetrus -- sorry.
Steven Paladino: TSA sales.
Stanley Bergman: TSA sales and the stranded costs that we have to deal with. But now if you go into specialty businesses, we have a relatively small market share. And what we have shown to be successful is to combine the specialty products, the niche products with the general merchandise and equipment we sell and bundle that with the practice management software where we have leading positions in several of the specialty areas. So yes, we believe we can continue to grow our specialty product businesses in the niche products as well as the general consumables and equipment and software. Returning to the niche products. We believe we have a small market share, relatively small market share, in implants and bone regeneration. Yet, these are important positions. We have great platform. We have very good know-how. We have excellent facilities. The management is really superb. And we believe we can continue. Now I cannot guarantee. Of course, no one can that we will have double digit growth in implants and bone regeneration products going forward. And at the same time, I think we have a relatively small position in the worldwide endodontic market. We certainly work with certain branded manufacturers and hope to continue to do that. But we also have our own brand products that are doing quite well and have also returned somewhere around double digit growth. Orthodontics is a bit more challenging, shall we say. We have a very small business in wires and brackets. I think there is an opportunity there. We have some unique products and we are doing well with the unique products. That market is not growing significantly, although it's probably somewhere between stable and a slight decrease. On the aligner side, I think we have a good product. We have had a soft launch. I think the product actually works and is pretty good. I wouldn't want to make claims on this call but I am told by our KOLs that it's a very good product. And we are sharpening the related software for those areas to support the aligner, the various kinds of software to support the aligner and really believe we have a very good solution for the GPs in particular because there is actually no reason to go to a direct to consumer company if you can get a great product, a really outstanding product provided by clinician at a slightly higher price, not much higher. So we believe we will do well eventually over time with the GPs and I believe the specialists are starting to appreciate our offering, which is a little bit different to any of the market offerings out there. And we are not really looking to be a generic compared to anyone out there. We are looking to create our own demand for our own products in the specialty area. So yes, we do remain quite optimistic about the specialties areas and who knows exactly. It's not possible to predict. But we believe that a greater part of Henry Schein's profits over the next few years, at least the next three, four, five, seven years will come from these specialty products under our brand as well as working with certain branded manufacturers who are increasing their demand, their sales of certain specialty products.
Jon Block: Great. Fantastic color. Thanks for that. And with the second question, I will just pivot over to the medical business. The 5% change in total was still well above industry. But the two-year stack was about 10%, the past tow years in 2017 and 2018, the two years stacks were a lot closer to midteens. So should we just think about the rate of your market share gain is starting to diminish a bit? And maybe that mid single digit plus type of number for medical is the better neighborhood to be in? Thanks for your time, guys.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Glen, I think we have mentioned this before with respect to medical. You can't judge one particular quarter. First, I think we will continue to invest in additional businesses in the medical field to expand our offering. So that will bring us acquisition growth, but that offering will also bring us internal growth. NAR, for example, is a very nice product offering. We have got acquisition growth but it will result in internal growth. One also has to be careful in looking at any one quarter. There are so many variables. You take flu, for example. One year, there is a demand for flu test. The other year there is not. One year, a flu vaccine is delivered in the third quarter. One year, it's delivered in the fourth quarter. So I think what's important here is to look at our business over a three, four quarter basis and again, we don't have a crystal ball but we are pretty comfortable that we are positioned to deal with the service, the transfer of procedures from the acute care setting to the office-based or the surgery center environments or even the urgent center environment and to gain further market share in that area. And those are reasonably fast growing markets and we are quite comfortable in that. We have got a really outstanding management team there too. They are investing in software, unique software for those markets. And so with the acquisitions, we will expect to have greater internal growth, acquisition growth and continue to gain market share in a he market that is growing. So it's hard to gauge one quarter at a time and hard to talk about whether it is going to be double digit growth or not, but it is going to be a decent market growth and sales growth and will continue to add to our profitability in combination with all the other strategies we just outlined.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Johnson, Baird.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good morning guys. Stanley, I want to follow up on a comment you made earlier about the dental equipment business and looking at it over more than a single quarter. If I look over the last 12 months, it seems like your North American dental equipment revenue is kind of flat, maybe even down a little bit from the 12 month period prior to that. So if I take that longer term view, what has been the change in cadence of equipment demand or selling on your part over the last few quarters relative to maybe a year or two ago where we were?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Jeff, it's a very good question. I am glad you asked it. So in the quarters after we added CEREC, in particular Sirona, but CEREC in particular, we had a significant bulge in pent-up demand that we satisfied. That initial demand bulge has kind of faded out. But at the same time, we are starting to gain, I think, market share within that category from customers that we are introducing the CEREC and related lines to. So I think that's number one. Number two is and I think we have mentioned in the past, there has been quite a bit of deflation with certain 2-D and 3-D imaging equipment, not units. I am pretty sure, I can't say for sure, but that market has now stabilized. And actually, I believe that as manufacturers come out with unique technology or improve on their offering, the price is likely to go up. So taking those two into account and looking at an aggregation of the average of, say, four quarters, I think we are in positive territory. And I do believe that practitioners are investing in their practices here and abroad and that technology can help practitioners operate a more efficient practice, increase the profitability of the practice while providing better clinical care. And yes, there is also a little bit price compression on scanners, sensors, but overall I think this is a very good market and I believe that we continue to gain market share in all the markets we are in.
Jeff Johnson: Great. That's helpful. And Steve, maybe as a follow-up, just on 2020 guidance, 6% to 9% EPS growth. It would imply, I am assuming anyway, a little bit of leverage in the model in addition to maybe some repo and other helpers below the revenue line as well. But I guess what I am trying to get or hoping you can provide some color on is, how should we think about margin gating next year? I know you don't guide on margin, but if there is some leverage to be had in the model, we have got business mix as an issue, ERP investments, restructuring. Is it going to be mainly come through OpEx where that margin can go up next year a bit and we should think about gross margins closer to how we have may be seen it here in the current quarter?
Steven Paladino: Yes. Let me provide some color. So first, when you look at our Q3 reported gross margin, it's down 33 basis points. But when you exclude the very low margin sales to Covetrus under the TSAs, it's only down about nine basis points. So that's why we are providing that level of detail, Jeff, on the TSA sales so people can look at our margins with and without the Covetrus. So really, all of our margin expansion in the current quarter is coming from leveraging expenses and getting lower expenses as a percentage of sales. I think that we would expect that to continue in 2020. But I would caution that we are not expecting the full 20 basis points or more in 2020 of operating margin expansion because of some of the things we just talked about, stranded cost and other things. We do believe that longer term, we can get back to that type of margin expansion but right now in 2020, we really don't expect that we expect a more modest operating margin expansion. And that's why we are looking to do more restructuring in 2020 because it will help us accelerate eliminating or mitigating those stranded costs as well as taking more cost out of the system to help offset some of the slight gross margin decline.
Jeff Johnson: Very helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Courtney Owens, William Blair.
Courtney Owens: Hi guys. So my first question is on Henry Schein One. So it appears to still be driving meaningful growth and experiencing good customer uptick. I guess, from your vantage point, what do guys really think differentiate the product at this point and given kind of feedback from customers thus far from other competitor's offering? Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Well, it's very hard to do this on a telephone call and this is an area where investors are interested and I really would investors would be interested. The best thing would be to attend a briefing at one of the dental shows where we can show the product. But clearly, we had a very unique cloud-based system that is based on Ascend, that is based on Dentrix, the leading Windows-based system which is richer with features, I believe, that there is no other system that has all these features. The system is, also both those systems, together with the three, actually four specialty software systems that we have for ortho, endo and oral surgery and the unique systems we have that service dental schools. I think 90%-plus of dental schools use our software, the military, a large DSO, all of these unique needs of these customers, in one way or another, are satisfied by the software. In addition, we have quite unique electronic medical record software that is interoperable with many suppliers, not all suppliers yet because some supplies are still having challenges developing a software to connect. But most of, many of the leading suppliers are interoperable with us already in the areas of imaging and to some extent of digital prosthetics. And then you move into the various kinds of digital exchange of information, whether it's credit card processing, patient financing and a big area where we, I think, have a quite an important market share is in various forms of demand generation, including risk mitigation software, website management design, it is a large offering in an area that I think is highly factionalized from a competitive point of view. I am not sure if there is any one competitor that has anywhere near the aggregation of opportunities that we present dentists with. And that is, of course, not only in the U.S., which is what I just covered but also in international markets where we have different software covering most of what I just described.
Steven Paladino: Let me just add, Courtney, that on the Henry Schein website, the Investor Relations section of our website, we hosted a webinar for certain investors that were looking for more information on Henry Schein One and that webinar is still up on the website. So people can view that. It gives a lot of great detail on what these services and solutions are. And so I would invite investors who are really interested to take a look at it and if you have follow-up questions, call us and we will be happy to answer those questions. We could also, if people want more detail on it, we could also set something up separately for a group of investors it that's what's wanted. The other thing I just want to add to what Stanley said is, I would say that no one has, it was kind of at the end of Stanley's remarks, I just don't want to lose it, no competitor has the breadth and level of services that we have. Some people may just have a cloud-based system. Other people may have patient engagement tools. But we really have all of the tools under one roof and they all connect with each other very seamlessly. Some of the new products are still being connected better. But I think that really differentiates us that we really can go to customers and all of their technology services and solutions can be provided by Henry Schein One.
Operator: And we have time for one final question. Our last question for today will come from the line of Nathan Rich, Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: Great. Thanks. Two quick ones, if I could. Steve, first on the updated 2019 guidance, it implies a 4Q EPS number that's roughly flat sequentially. I think in 4Q, you usually see a bit of a sequential growth just with it being a higher volume quarter and you also have the DS World shift this year. So could you maybe just talk about what's driving your expectations there as we think about the cadence for 4Q?
Steven Paladino: Yes. I would say that Q4 is impacted, Q3, let me say it this way. Q3 had a significant amount of favorable timing things that happens in Q3 that will not repeat in Q4. So let me give some more details to that. So one is this Department of Defense contract that happened in Q3. We were expecting it to happen in Q4. Two is, there is little bit higher stranded cost in Q4 versus Q3. Three, we did restructuring last year in Q4 of 2018 and we won't have that same year-over-year benefit in 2019 because we are not doing restructuring in Q3 and Q4. So there is a little bit of foreign exchange headwind. So there is a number of items but I would characterize it all as largely timing between Q3 and Q4. And that's why we maintained other than tightening the range for just one quarter left in the year, we basically maintained our full year guidance.
Nathan Rich: Okay. Great. That makes sense. And then just lastly, Steve, as we kind of look out to 2020, are there any large kind of customer renewals especially on the dental side that we should have in mind? And maybe more broadly, just can you maybe talk about what you are seeing from these customers in terms of purchasing behavior and have you been able to kind of penetrate those customers, especially products? And what's driving some of the strength in the specialty businesses that you guys cited earlier?
Steven Paladino: Sure. So again, we have elected not to put out press releases and publicly talk about every time we renew or win a contract with large DSOs. But I will say that even in 2019, we renewed a couple of contracts. So we are happy with that. There is really not big activity expected in 2020 for renewals or things like that. So that should not be anything that we are concerned about. We are looking to add customers in the DSO side. So I would say that our belief is that could be next year, slightly more upside than downside. Of course, when we are working with these large DSOs on renewals, we always have to sharpen our pencil a little bit on pricing but that's expected. And I would just conclude by saying that I think our service and relationships with these large DSOs is really superb and I don't think that people want to move for very small modest financial gains because it's difficult to switch and again there is risk that service levels from others won't be as strong as ours. So we feel we are in good shape and we feel that we will continue to have a very strong market position on DSOs going forward. But there is always renewals each year that are coming up. Again 2019 included at least two renewals that I am aware of.
Stanley Bergman: And we do continue to add new accounts, both in the large account area and the midsize practices.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to Stanley Bergman for any final remarks.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you operator. As we close today's call, I would like to underscore that we believe we are executing well on our growth initiatives as our strategy and value proposition continue to resonate with our customers. It is not a strategy that came together quickly. It's a strategy, a deliberate strategy that we have been executing on for the last three strategic plans, each a three-year plan and we are half, almost two-thirds of the way through 2018, 2019 and 2020 plan. We will shortly start preparing the plan for 2021, 2022, 2023. Yesterday marked the 2fourth anniversary of our IPO. On a compound annual growth basis through the end of 2018, we grew sales by 13% and non-GAAP EPS from continuing operations by 14%. We have also provided a return on investment of 13% on a compound annual growth basis. If you have any further questions, please contact Carolynne Borders and Investor Relations at 631-390-8105. We believe that we are well positioned, as I noted, for the future. We have a good track record, I believe an outstanding management team with a deep bench, 19,000 committed Team Schein members around the world and we look forward very much to the future. We will be at the Credit Suisse Healthcare Conference in Phoenix and at the Greater New York Dental Show, both in November. For our investors in Europe, we hope to see you at the NASDAQ Investor Conference in London in early December. So there will be ample opportunity to meet our executives in the field. But if you have any questions, please feel free to call Carolynne with specific questions or actually visit our website. So thank you for joining us today and look forward to speaking to you on the next call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude today's Henry Schein conference call. We appreciate your participation and ask that you please disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Henry Schein Second Quarter 2019 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, Holly, and thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the 2019 second quarter. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company’s performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end-market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company’s internal analysis and estimates. Our conference call remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance, and allow for greater transparency with respect to the key metrics used by management in our operating of our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for the corresponding GAAP measures. These reconciliations can be found in the supplemental info section of our Investor Relations website. The content of this call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, August 6, 2019. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up during Q&A to allow us with many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour that we have allotted for this call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'd like to start by highlighting our solid earnings performance for the second quarter as we delivered 8.3% year-over-year growth in GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations and 10.5% growth on a non-GAAP basis. Now that our 2019 restructuring initiative is complete, we're providing guidance for 2019 GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations including those restructuring costs. We are also affirming our prior guidance range for 2019 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations all of which Steven will discuss in greater detail. While second quarter topline results reflect some softness in the North American dental sales, this was offset by solid growth in dental sales in the DACH region, dental specialty sales and medical sales. Although, we believe second quarter grow in the U.S. Dental end market was slower than in recent quarters, we note that the market growth rates in any particular quarter may vary and we had a difficult comparable in the prior year. In other words, I think it is important to take into account the 2018 growth for the quarter versus the 2019 growth for the quarter and make sure that that is understood. We reaffirm our belief that the global Dental and Medical markets remain generally stable and that we are well positioned to continue to grow our presence in the end markets we serve. We've had a track record of growing market share in the markets that we serve and we're confident that we can continue to grow our market share in the years to come. As you know, we have multiple initiatives underway at Henry Schein, aimed at positioning the company for long-term growth. This includes promoting higher-margin products and services. We continue to make good progress with the expansion of our product portfolio, with new internally developed solutions and others through acquisitions. We are well focused on optimizing our infrastructure, as we position Henry Schein for continued growth in the global Dental and Medical markets. So we remain optimistic about the future. At this time, I'll hand the call over to Steven to review our financial results and guidance and then I'll provide some additional commentary on our recent business performance and accomplishments. Steven?
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to all. As we begin, I'd like to point out that I will be discussing our results from continuing operations as reported on a GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis. Our Q2 2019 and Q2 2018 non-GAAP results exclude certain costs that are detailed in Exhibit B of today's press release, which is also available in the Investor Relations section of our website. Please note that as we did last quarter, we have included a corporate sales category for Q2 that represents product sales to Covetrus under the transitional services agreements entered into in connection with the Animal Health spin-off that was completed in February of 2019. We expect these sales to Covetrus to continue into the first half of 2020. These are low-margin sales that have a negligible impact on our operating income. For 2019, we expect these corporate sales to total approximately $100 million. Turning now to our Q2 results. Net sales from continuing operations for the quarter ended June 29, 2019, were $2.4 billion, reflecting a 5.7% increase compared with the second quarter of 2018, with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 3.5%. When excluding those product sales to Covetrus under the TSA, internal sales growth in local currencies was 2.4%. The details of our sales growth are contained in Exhibit A of our earnings news release that was issued today. On a GAAP basis, our operating margin for the second quarter of 2019 was 6.6% and declined about 15 basis points compared with the second quarter of 2018. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes restructuring costs, our operating margin was 7.1% and essentially flat on a year-over-year basis. Again you can find a reconciliation of GAAP operating income to non-GAAP operating income in the supplemental info page on the Investor Relations page of our website. Turning to taxes. Our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2019 was 23.6%. This compares with the 23.7% GAAP effective tax rate for the second quarter of last year. On a non-GAAP basis, our effective tax rate was slightly higher at 23.7% for the quarter and that's consistent with the prior year non-GAAP tax rate. Again please refer to the supplemental information page on the Investor Relations page of our website for a reconciliation of GAAP taxes to non-GAAP taxes. We estimate our full year effective tax rate will continue to be in the 24% range on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. Moving on to net income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein for Q2 of 2019, it was $116.8 million or $0.78 per diluted share and this compares with the prior year GAAP net income of $110.6 million or $0.72 per share. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter of 2019 was $125.7 million or $0.84 per diluted share and this compares with non-GAAP net income of $117 million or 76% -- $0.76 per diluted share for the second quarter of 2018. This represents growth of 7.4% and 10.5%, respectively for net income and EPS. I'd like to provide some additional detail on our results from continuing operations and note that amortization from acquired intangible assets was $28 million pre-tax or $0.14 per diluted share for the current quarter of Q2 and that compares to $18.4 million pre-tax or $0.09 per diluted share in the same period last year. For the first half of the year that's a same number was $49.8 million prêt-ax or $0.25 per diluted share and compares to $37.1 million pre-tax or $0.18 per diluted share in the same period last year. I'll also note that in Q2 of this year, foreign currency exchange negatively impacted our diluted EPS by $0.01 per share. Let's now look at some of the details of our sales results for the second quarter. Our dental sales were $1.6 billion and decreased 0.7% compared with the prior year with positive internal growth in local currencies of 0.7%. North American internal growth in local currencies was 0.3% and included a 1.3% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise. Note again that there's 1.3% growth is also from a tough prior year comparison where we reported 4.7% growth -- internal growth in local currencies. Our dental equipment sales and service, internal sales declined by 2.9% in local currencies on a year-over-year basis in North America. This was mainly due to a decline in high-tech equipment sales versus the same period last year, primarily related to our digital sensor center category. And also internal CAD/CAM equipment sales in local currencies in North America decreased by 6.4% in the current quarter. We faced a tough year-over-year comparison due to the Omnicam system promotion that bolstered sales in Q2 of last year. And we saw a decline in the average sales price due to promotional activity to sell out the Omnicam 1.0 units that we had in inventory during Q2, 2019. Internal traditional equipment sales in local currencies was essentially flat year-over-year. If we look at international dental sales growth, in local currencies, it was 1.3%. This included 2.3% growth in dental consumable merchandise which was negatively impacted by approximately 100 basis points due to the timing of Holy Thursday and Good Friday holidays. As you may recall, we saw benefit from this timing in the first quarter of 2019 and now we're seeing the reversal of that. International dental equipment sales and service revenue declined 2.0% versus the same period. This decline was primarily related to a change in our business model in Brazil. And if you exclude the Brazil equipment sales, our international dental equipment internal sales growth was 2.6% in local currency. And as we expected our performance in the DACH region, Germany, and Austria, as well as The Netherlands saw a boost from the IDS Trade Show in March of this year. Medical sales were $698 million in the second quarter, an increase of 13.6% with internally generated sales growth at local currencies of 7.6%. The 7.6% internal growth at local currencies comprised 7.8% growth in North America and 1% growth internationally. We are very pleased with our overall Medical sales results, which once again, was driven by solid organic growth along with strategic acquisitions. We believe our Medical group is very well-positioned with large group practices, independent physician offices, and other ultimate sites of care with strong customer relationships in each category contributing to our growth. Technology and Value-Added Services sales from continuing operations were $125 million in the second quarter, an increase of 39.9% with internally generated sales in local currencies down 1.21%. In North America, the Technology and Value-Added Services internal sales growth in local currencies was down 1.8% on an as-reported basis. However, when normalizing for product switches from direct to agency sales and ongoing transition of our technology platforms to a cloud-based SaaS model, internal sales growth in North America increased by 0.7%. Internationally, our internal Technology and Value-Added Services sales increased by 1.9% in local currencies. I'll also note that our dental equipment sales -- our slower dental equipment sales led to lower financial services revenue as we financed less equipment related to lower sales. We continue to repurchase common stock in the open market during the second quarter borrowing approximately 1.2 million shares at an average price of $64.95 for total of approximately $77 million. The impact of this repurchase of shares on our second quarter diluted EPS was immaterial. At the close of the second quarter, Henry Schein had approximately $173 million authorized for future repurchases of common stock. If we take a brief look at some of the highlights of our cash flow, operating cash flow from continuing operations for the quarter was $165.5 million which compares to $176.5 million for the second quarter of last year and we continue to believe we'll have strong operating cash flow for the full year. As part of our previously disclosed restructuring initiative, we recorded a pretax charge in Q2 of 2019 of $11.9 million or $0.06 per diluted share. This restructuring charge primarily includes severance pay and facility closing costs. During the second quarter, we concluded this 2018/2019 initiative which had a total cost of $79.5 million. We do not expect to record any additional restructuring cost in the second quarter of 2019. I'll now conclude my remarks by noting that we are providing 2019 financial GAAP -- financial guidance on a GAAP basis and also affirming our 2019 non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance range. On a GAAP basis 2019 diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, which includes restructuring cost of $0.08 per diluted share, is expected to be in the range of $3.31 to $3.23. This represents growth of 18% to 23% compared to the 2018 GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations, which was $2.80. On a non-GAAP basis 2019 diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is expected to be $3.38 to $3.50 reflecting growth of 7% to 10%, compared with the 2018 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations, which was of $3.17. Our outlook for 2019 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations excludes the $0.08 restructuring expenses and also $0.01 credit to income tax expense that relates to the Animal Health spin-off. 2019 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations excluded certain expenses and benefits, netting to a charge of $0.37 per diluted share as reflected in our 2018 earnings press release. As always, our guidance for 2019 GAAP and non-GAAP attributable to Henry Schein is for continuing operations, as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions, but does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions. Also our guidance assumes foreign exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels. Finally, the guidance assumes that the end markets remain stable and are consistent with current market conditions. With that I'd like to now turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Let me begin with a review of business highlights from our second quarter, starting with Dental. Dental consumable merchandise sales in North America grew by 1.3% in local currency. It's on an internal basis without acquisitions. As Steven mentioned, this is a tough prior year comparable, but we also believe this result is reflective of a relatively low end market growth in the U. S. and that Henry Schein grew slightly faster than our end markets in the U.S. We believe that we continue to increase our global market share in line with our goal, which remains to grow faster than our end markets. A highlight of our North American Dental consumables merchandise business has been sales of specialty dental products which includes implants, orthodontic, endodontic solutions as well as bone regeneration products. Sales of these products continue to grow at healthy rates. In the second quarter, global internal dental specialty sales increased by 6.5% in local currencies, all on an internal basis without acquisitions. Acquisitions add to that and so our global position in the specialty areas continues to grow very, very nicely and we are pleased with the performances of those businesses. As Steven mentioned, North American dental equipment sales growth was impacted by lower high-tech equipment sales, especially CAD/CAM sales as we had a difficult comparable. During the second quarter of 2018, we had our most successful promotion of Omnicam systems. In the second quarter of 2019, we had a successful Omnicam inventory clearance promotion. So we were focused on Omnicam in this quarter from an inventory clearance point of view. And this resulted in lower units failing prices. So if you take that category into account it had a significant dampening effect on our 2019 second quarter sales of equipment. That said, Dentsply Sirona's new Primescan system has been generating a lot of excitement among dentists and we will start focusing more and more on this system, not only in Europe where we had actually done very well, but in the U.S. as our Omnicam inventory is completed. In North America, we had historically only sold other brands of CAD/CAM solutions, while we have had a relatively small market share in the past for Dentsply Sirona's CAD/CAM systems we believe we are well-positioned to grow this market share over time along with the other brands of CAD/CAM solutions that we offer and have had such great success. Let me point out also that, although traditional equipment sales reflect this was on 8.4% growth in the second quarter of 2018. In March, we participated in the IDS event in Germany, which occurs every two years. While we had a successful IDS with the second quarter sales in local currencies in the DACH region growing by 11.8%, we believe we had an extremely successful IDS and picked up market share specifically on the equipment side and the DACH regions. Our international dental equipment internal sales in local currencies declined by 2%. Why? The decline was largely due, in fact due to the negative sales impact associated with Brazil that Steven discussed. Notably, international CAD/CAM equipment internal sales experience double-digit growth in local currencies, driven to a large extent by Primescan in Europe. The dental community, manufacturers, distributors and practitioners all agree and there's a lot of published on this that continued innovation is key to improvement in digital dentistry workflow, and therefore, better quality of care and more efficient practices. For the benefit of cost, for the practice, yes but also for the patient. We expect to see increased adoption of a broad array of digital dentistry solutions over time as we educate practitioners on the benefits of these solutions that meaningfully advance the dental profession. We remain extremely optimistic about the future of digital dentistry and particularly our role in that not only with respect to dental operatories but also in the dental laboratory field where we are of course the leader in supply consumables and equipment to dental laboratories. We continue to believe that there is a significant opportunity for us to increase our global sales of CAD/CAM products in all the markets we are active in as dentistry moves through this digital platform. Today we have full access to a broad array of solutions for our customers. So, in June Henry Schein made a couple of strategic investments -- or in this quarter shall we say. In June the acquisition was of an investment of the Hayes Handpiece franchise, a leading provider of dental handpiece products and services in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K. with 2018 sales of approximately $11.3 million. The Hayes sales and repair business is an excellent complement to our expansive dental support and services business activities that are growing. In other words, yet another Value-Add Services opportunity for our customers to avail themselves of. Yesterday, we announced the acquisition of Cliniclands which serves dentists in Sweden, Denmark, and Norway with dental consumables, implants, prosthetic, and orthodontic solutions and equipment. This represents Henry Schein's dental initial presence in Scandinavia. Cliniclands have sales for the 12 months ended March 31st, 2019 of approximately $9.5 million. So, we are optimistic, comfortable with our Dental business -- with the strategy and believe we are making very good progress in our strategic goals as we advance our presence in the dental operatory and dental laboratory markets. Now, let's review the Medical business. We delivered solid Medical internal sales growth in the second quarter of 7.6% in local currencies. Our unique sales and marketing push to Medical customers including large integrated delivery networks, as well as large group practices that comprise the largest part of the market, have served as well. Many of these healthcare services groups are sophisticated large-scale organizations that require high touch approach and we have a proven model to service both ends of the spectrum, large IDNs as well as independent GPs which ultimately are Henry Schein's end customers. So, we feel good with our strategy to advance our position in the physician, ambulatory care, with the surgery centers, or urgent centers markets, both with GPs and with specialists. We are also investing in a huge amount in the specialty areas such as orthopedics, podiatry, neurology, and many others sub-segments of healthcare as well as our recent investments in North American Rescue. All this has enabled us to grow faster than the end market growth. Now let's move to the Technology and Value-Added Services business. July marked the one-year anniversary the formation of Henry Schein One, a platform designed to deliver powerful dental software solutions that help dentists operate more efficiently their practices and build awareness for the practice. So, that at the end of the day our goal is to help the practitioner operate a more efficient practice, so that they can be positioned to provide outstanding clinical care and at the same time, we are significantly focused on creating demand for our customers bringing to the attention to the public the importance of oral care and in fact identifying potential customers -- patients for our practitioners and driving their traffic into the practitioners' offices. We have spent the past year listening to our customers and rather than offer a selection of our solutions, we have created bundled commercial platforms for our Henry Schein One technology services that are specifically designed to best meet the practitioners' evolving practice needs. Of course, part of this includes our transition to SaaS or cloud-based delivery model systems. In this model our customers can reduce their upfront cost, as they will no longer need expensive application service and software at the practice. As Henry Schein One continues to innovate and effectively deliver those solutions, practitioners will access those innovations and upgrades via the cloud. This includes advanced websites, reputation management tools, improved search engine results, online marketing and automated digital communications. For each of these areas we have business functions as business is focused to advance these specific areas of software and related services in the dental practice. No one else has complete an offering as we do and no other business has the installed base that we have to seek synergies between that installed base and these value-added services in the software field that we are offering. These transitions have impacted our growth rates in the near term, but we believe that we are positioning Henry Schein One to increase sales of these higher-margin solutions through this recurring revenue model for a long time to come. We are really comfortable and in fact excited about this business model and are making progress on advancing the business model, a unique set of businesses, functions, software opportunities that Henry Schein has to take into our software customers but in general to our dental customers, laboratory customers and into the general marketplace of the dental community. We also see significant opportunities to coordinate efforts between our Henry Schein One and Henry Schein Dental distribution team. The goal is to increasingly cross-sell our software solutions with practitioners, who rely on Henry Schein for consumable merchandise and equipment products used every day. While many of these customers use our practice management software solutions today, we believe that a significant upside opportunity in selling our new patient engagement and patient acquisition tools. We look forward to beginning to launch these programs later this year. As a final comment, in July, we announced our entry into Italian dental practice management software market with a small but important strategic acquisition of a company named Elite Computer Italia. Although, we have served dental practitioners in Italy since 2004, we are now well positioned to offer the highly regarded OrisLine family of software products. Elite had sales of approximately $6 million in 2018, not material, but very important from a strategic point of view. This, of course, follows our earlier acquisition that we announced earlier acquisitions of Lighthouse, a provider of easy-to-use dental practice management patient communication software with 2018 sales of approximately $50 million, as well as Kopfwerk, a leading dental practice management solution company in Austria with sales of US$2.2 million. These solutions are being integrated into the one – Henry Schein One portfolio of technology solutions, dedicating to delivering end-to-end management and marketing systems for dental practice. Again it's not the amount of the sale in these instances, but the stickiness that we believe the Italian and Austrian acquisitions will create through our core business as well. We plan to continue to expand our technology software offerings in both North America and international markets. So in summary, we believe that we continue to make solid progress in implementing our 2018 to 2019 corporate strategic plan and reach in fact the halfway mark, which is centered around three key strategies: distribution with expansion of our core dental and Medical businesses as we continue to build scale and expand our geographies. Huge amount of progress being made in this area, and it is hard actually always to understand all the ups and downs because this is a complex set of matrix. But in general we are very, very comfortable with the progress we're making on the distribution side of our dental and Medical businesses. The second strategy is to advance value-added services, obviously, to advance our solutions, services and support for our customers. These are profitable business initiatives that also provide stickiness to our base customers and so the synergies here have shown to be very, very productive. And our third strategy, partnering with our broad set of manufacturers as well as building Henry Schein brand equity with a key goal of expanding our product margin. It is critical that our customers understand the value that we provide under the Henry Schein brand in terms of services products, so we need to ensure that our brand commitment is clearly understood while at the same time advancing Henry Schein products and services sold under Henry Schein own brands. With that operator, we would like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Glen Santangelo with Guggenheim.
Glen Santangelo: Yeah. Thanks and good morning. Steve, I just wanted to talk to you a little bit more about the equipment side of business. It feels like the real delta relative to your expectations was on the equipment side. And so I was hoping you can maybe unpack that equipment number a little bit and maybe; A, give us a better sense of what you saw on basic versus high-tech and how meaningful was Brazil? Just anything that might be helpful for us as we think about modeling the back half of the year. And then secondly for Stan as a follow-up with respect to the Technology and value-added services, I appreciate the comments. And it certainly seems like you have the right strategy in place with the Henry Schein One platform. But this is the first quarter I can think of where growth in this segment was negative. And so I was just kind of curious as do you view this quarter as a one-off, or was there some type of inflection that we should be aware of? Thanks and I’ll stop there.
Stanley Bergman: Okay. Glen, I'll start with your first question. Thanks for the question. If we look at the North American dental equipment side, roughly two-thirds of our sales in North American equipment is traditional equipment and roughly one-third is high-tech equipment. What we saw was during the quarter, we saw traditional equipment being relatively flat year-over-year growth. And really the weakness on a year-over-year basis was in the high-tech category and there's really two pieces of it. There's digital imaging both the 2D and the 3D imaging which was down. And we think the big reason why it was down was average selling prices are down in this product category and it's also become more of a mature category as more and more people have access -- or have digital X-ray. Separately, the other key component of high-tech equipment is CAD/CAM. On the CAD/CAM side, again Stanley spoke about that we will focus on blowing out the old Omnicam equipment during the quarter. We really while we were selling the new Primescan, I think in earnest we'll really focus more of that in the second half of the year. So, those two categories really were down in the high-tech equipment, call it roughly 6% or 7%. And when you blend that together with traditional equipment, you get to that negative 2.9% for the quarter. If you look at international equipment, international equipment was really negatively impacted by then Brazil. And just to give you a little bit more detail, there are certain segments of the core dental equipment market in Brazil which A, are very low-margin; and B, require significant dating or terms of sale which could run a year or longer. And because of those two conditions, it's really not very profitable at all and we decided to stop selling to those segments of equipment. And when you back out that, our international dental equipment sales grew by 2.6% in constant currency. So, really we had decent growth in international dental equipment excluding the Brazil activity. So, hopefully that provides you the additional color that you were looking for.
Glen Santangelo: Yes, that's great. And maybe Stan if we can talk about that Tech and Value-Added Services?
Stanley Bergman: Yes sure. Just let me also emphasize that the comparables are really important. In 2018, we had a significant and successful promotion of Omnicam in the U.S. And also we had something like 8% growth -- over 8% of our traditional equipment. So, you add those too and it's sort of almost a perfect storm. But we remain highly, highly enthusiastic about our Dental business on the equipment side in the U.S., North America, Canada, as well where we're doing quite well, and in Europe. So, on the Henry Schein financials -- what is it? Call it…
Steven Paladino: Technology and Value-Add.
Stanley Bergman: Tech and Value-Added Services there's quite a bit that goes into it. Remember from a sales point of view, it's a relatively small number compared to the whole company. So within that, our financial services, the fact that on a comparable basis, equipment sales was lower in North America than in the previous year that impacted our ability to provide leasing services. The second is within that business, there is a business called TechCentral which sells computer hardware, not a great business, but it's a service. We are selling less computer hardware than in the past because essentially the stuff can be bought at lower prices elsewhere. And I think it's just an area that is not as robust as in the past certainly compared to the previous year. And that brings -- suppresses the earnings. There's lumpiness that has to be taken into account. We have some pretty large contracts and you have to be very careful at fine point. Henry Schein's former practice solutions businesses sold a lot of demand generation software, but nowhere near the amount of demand generation software as Internet Brands sold. So we are reporting internal growth, not complete growth. If you look at the complete growth, I think, the business grew by something like 40%. It really doesn't matter exactly whether the internal growth is perfect or not. What counts is where this deal is going to end up or where this joint venture is going to end up a year from now when the -- or actually you'll start seeing it in the next quarter, when the deal has been annualized. So, whether, it's a couple of hundred basis points or even, yes, one way or the other, it's not that relevant and it's really very hard to determine what the exact internal growth rate is on these demand generation software systems, because if we switch a customer to an Internet Brands system, that's a negative on our internal growth. So I think, at the end of the day, the success of this business should be judged, actually next quarter and beyond, when this deal annualizes, because it's a very small base. And for the reasons I've given you, one can misinterpret the impact of a few hundred basis points either way, in terms of sales or even profits. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question will come from the line of Jeff Johnson, Baird.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Steve, I wanted to follow-up on Glen's question on the equipment side of the business in North America this quarter. I think your explanations make total sense, getting rid of some of that Omnicam inventory in that. But maybe, talk to us about just the underlying demand or an interest you're seeing from dentists on digital impression systems, number one. And maybe counter that DI versus full in office CAD/CAM. What do you think over the next year or two you might see the mix of full systems versus the DI? Would be interested in your thoughts there. Thank you.
Steven Paladino: Sure. Thanks Jeff. I would say that we expect to see continued interest in both the standalone DI, as well as the full systems. I think that there are some customers who kind of would like to walk before they run, so they move to DI and then hopefully over time they'll buy the full CAD/CAM system. It's hard to really predict with great accuracy which will be stronger than the other. But I think they'll both be pretty good growers. Does that help you?
Jeff Johnson: It does. Thank you. And maybe be just as a follow-up, on the consumable side in North America, on the dental side, you gave a 6.5% global, I believe, specialty business. But if I assume specialty in North America was up somewhere in that same ballpark, it would seem as if the general consumables part of your business was flat maybe even down a little bit. So two questions on that. One, just what's going on in your DSO business versus your GP or general practitioner kind of private dentist business? Any difference to call out in growth rate between those two? And just, is there any changes going on with any kind of contractual status with any of your DSOs, at least, at this point? Thank you.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thanks Jeff. No. The real issue with consumables and why it was a little bit softer on a year-over-year basis versus the prior quarter over the last couple of quarters, related to one of the months of during the quarter. We really saw an extremely weak April. We're not sure we understand exactly why April was as weak as it was, but the good news was it rebounded in May and May was stronger. And June was really very strong for us. I'll also note that the month of July, while it wasn't quite as strong as June was also a pretty solid month in consumable merchandise for us. So it really wasn't related to DSO's mix between DSOs and private practice or anything like that. It was really just that April month was extremely weak for us. And again we're kind of scratching our heads saying why was that month so weak? But yeah it rebounded in May, June and July. So that was the key reason.
Stanley Bergman: And Jeff I think what's important to add to Steven's comments is that, although we are doing very well with the specialties as a percentage of total sales of consumables, it's small. But it is important from an operating margin and operating -- profit contribution. So I think it's hard sometimes to see that when you look at the externally reported numbers.
Jeff Johnson: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from the line of Jonathan Block, Stifel.
Jonathan Block: Great. Thanks guys. Good morning. Maybe just two for me. The first one, it’s more of a clarification Stanley and Steven, but I think it's important one. So for Brazil it just seems like a different approach to market. And so I believe we should think about that headwind continuing into the back half of 2019 and even 1Q 2020. Is that correct before you lap and change any approach to market? And then I got a second question.
Stanley Bergman: I think you've got to allow for that to annualize out. An unusual phenomenon in Brazil is a couple of very strong different equipment providers. And for us to compete with them in certain areas particularly this traditional equipment it's just not worth it. We did have a similar situation in Italy, maybe a decade ago and we addressed that through in a strategic alliance that we entered into in Italy and that has resulted -- I'm not saying we will do that in Brazil or not. It's too early to tell. But we just don't think it's a good idea to operate in this traditional equipment market in Brazil when the margins are so low and the gating is so long and the risks of bad debt receivables is high. So having said that the consumable business is doing extremely well and it's our intention to focus on high-tech equipment and particularly the specialty areas in Brazil as well as our core business, which as I said is doing well. But Brazil has been a very good market for us. Don't read anything into this other than we're getting out of an unprofitable business.
Jonathan Block: Got it. Very helpful. And then let's shift gears, Stan I'll stick with you. On capital deployment, you've gone through -- you finished the restructuring now. You've got the big check or cash deals from Covetrus. I know you've done some small deals. But with a better balance sheet and restructuring now in the rearview mirror, maybe you can talk to Schein's appetite for something larger, possibly more transformative and how your pipeline looks over the next six to 12 months from a deals perspective? Thanks guys.
Stanley Bergman: Yeah, sure. Our pipeline remains solid. Obviously no deals until they’re done. We have appetite for something larger but it has to make sense. There are very strict investment criteria not so much on what we paid for the business or the size of the business or the profit of the business going into it, but what it looks like once integrated into the Henry Schein portfolio. We have interest in Medical. We have interest in expanding globally on our core business. We have appetite for specialty businesses in dental and Medical. And so adding to the software platform continues. I think we put quite a bit of capital to work already this year and we expect to continue in years to come. But we -- as you know, we are conservative and we view the future of an acquisition not so much with the cash return only, but -- which has to be good, but the accounting fully loaded with depreciation and amortization. And I think if we are reporting on a cash basis, actually our performance this quarter over the first six months will be better. But at the end of the day, we prefer to go at this more conservative approach which has stood us well for the past 25 years.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from the line of John Kreger, William Blair.
John Kreger: Hi, thanks very much. Stan can you talk about the runway that you see remaining within the digital -- various digital categories and dental? It sounds like kind of classic imaging has -- or is getting closer to a full penetration. But if you could just sort of go down the list, where do you see the biggest opportunities for penetration expansion over let's say the next five years? Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. So, that actually is a very good question. On the imaging, the machines themselves, I think there's a lot of runaway in this country and abroad although I do think the average price per unit is coming down. I'm not saying our profit per unit is coming down, but I think there has to be some deflation in this area I would say, particularly in the U.S. So, I think that's what you could expect. But having said that, there are still many, many dentists that could use digital imaging in their practice. The second thing on the centers that's more commoditized, we're hoping that one or two manufacturers come out with some unique technology. There are promises in that regard, but we haven't seen. So, at the moment to a large extent, it's digitalized -- the digital sensors are a mature product and so it's replacement business. Having said that, there is an opportunity in the cloud area. Having said that a lot of that may actually in our world be classified over time as technology products versus equipment. So, there is opportunity there. We're very excited we've invested in that area. As it relates to the prosthetic side, I think the lab world continues to advance in that area. We're going to see a few more larger labs and much less smaller labs. As these larger labs consolidate, they're investing heavily in the space, I believe we're the leader in this space and we'll do well. As it relates to full systems, I think we will continue to see expansion in that area. We continue in Germany where the market is the most advanced. We are well-positioned to continue with the full system. We have sold the Sirona system there for decades and have the expertise. I think over time you will see our expertise expand in North America in this regard and we will do better. But we're relatively new to the Sirona full CAD/CAM system and our sales capabilities are expanding. This is a big opportunity for us going forward. As it relates to DI, I think there will be opportunity here. I think the prices are coming down. But those manufacturers that come up with new technology as Primescan is, will do well. We did well with Primescan in Europe. I think in the DACH region where we had the IDS and that was a great place to show the product. I think, you've got to show these products at shows, at conventions to really get the traction. And in the U.S. we will focus on Omnicam. I think there's a Primescan opportunity here. I also want to point out one other thing that Sirona will this year is in the fourth quarter, not the third quarter. So I think one has to take a look at all these ups and downs before judging the company's performance on any one quarter. I think you will see that in a given 12-month period, we have done well in this equipment world, also the consumables and remain quite optimistic that we will be able to continue to do well in equipment global market share. But please do not watch each quarter and make decisions on one quarter versus another. This is a lumpy business. As you'll recall, I think, four quarters ago we had something like 18% growth in the equipment. And so, we just have to be very careful as we judge the company based on any one particular quarter and make any decisions relative to one particular category. The dental equipment business is good. Dentists are investing in their practices and high-tech is definitely an area of growth.
John Kreger: Great. Thanks Stan. There's also one quick follow-up. How are you feeling about your clear aligner offering within ortho? Is it gaining any traction, or it's just still too soon to tell? Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Well, that’s also a good question. So I would say to you that, as we've said on numerous calls, we're early into this aligner strategy. We believe we have a very good solution. We're educating the markets on the benefits of our clear aligner solutions, which includes the SLX for the specialists and the Reveal for the GP. We believe that the long-term opportunity for growth in this market is attractive. The whole market is attractive and we believe that we all get a share of that, both from a sales point of view and a profit point of view. And we're excited about participating, but it's much too early for us to come to any conclusions. We know on the specialists side we're getting good traction from our KOLs, we have some very good KOLs. And the Henry Schein sales force is quite excited to be selling the Reveal product. It was voted the number one product at our June National Sales Meeting. That's not so long ago. We have to allow for our products to be understood by our specialty customers and by our sales force in the Henry Schein Dental business. We're not abroad yet. We expect to bring it -- take it abroad sometime in 2020. I think a combination of Reveal and SLX. But in any event, our orthodontic business is small. It's a meaningful business and adds to our overall market share growth in the specialty area. So kind of long story short, we're very small in this space. We're quite small in orthodontics. We're bigger in endodontics and implants, in particular in bone regeneration. So I think the clear aligners will add to our specialty position. But at this point, it's relatively small.
John Kreger: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kevin Ellich, Craig-Hallum. 
Kevin Ellich: Thanks for taking the question. Stan, last quarter, I think, we talked about some of the innovative dental models like mobile dental. So I wanted to get your thoughts this time on the concierge dental market and businesses like dental bar in New York and other disruptors. I guess, where do you think -- where do you see that in the overall grand scheme of things? And how much could that add to your growth?
Stanley Bergman: Yeah. What I don't think I should do is comment on any specific provider. Having said that, innovation is going to occur. I think the DSO will continue to grow. In particular this mid-sized practices continue to grow. They're bringing innovative ideas to the marketplace. I'm not sure with this retail in close dentistry is going to go. I'm quite sure that where a dentist is involved in providing clinical care it's going to be well-received. Where a dentist is not involved, I think there's going to be challenges. I'm not a clinician but I can only imagine that if dentists are not involved it's not going to -- there's not going to be the appropriate quality of care. Having said that, over time whitening products did go in the drug store shelf. And at the same time, our dentists are doing very well with lighting products. So I do believe that there will be additions to this model, equivalents of Uber in transportation. And I can only think that this will be advantageous because half of the American population doesn't go to the dentist. And in particular, I believe some of these models will attract millennials and the younger generation to see a dentist. Having said that, I have to say that dental DSOs that have retail space, ground floor on Main Street's tend to be doing very, very well. So I remain quite optimistic about the future of dentistry because at the foundation the studies that are coming out are showing that there is a direct correlation between good oral care and good health care, so I think this is only going to get better as the payers and even the federal government and local governments understand the importance of oral care in the continuum of care.
Kevin Ellich: Appreciate that. And then with the Cliniclands acquisition, just wanted to see if you could give us any details on how fast the Scandinavian dental markets are growing. And then what are the geographies would you like to expand into? And I have a follow-up for Steve.
Stanley Bergman: Yeah. First of all please remember it's a very small business $10 million, $9.5 million. It's essentially a electronic business with some salespeople, doesn't sell a huge amount of equipment. We will expand that. The market is a big market. I would not expect to gain significant market share with this particular vehicle, but it is a fast growing business. It will generate sales. It helps advance our digital platform. But that digital platform will have to be married with other kinds of practice management software at the time as well as equipment sales and service and we believe field sales representation. We're in this business is essentially Swedish that has some business in Denmark. We already sale some products in Denmark from our German business and sale some products in Norway. These are – Norway’s a very small market. And that's the area we expect to -- this business to continue to grow. We're hopeful by the way that the business will also help us advance our implant market share and our specialty businesses in general.
Kevin Ellich: Great. And then how fast do you think the U.S. end market is going? I know you said you want to pace it, but just wondering if you had a number that you can help us out with.
Stanley Bergman: Yeah. Again very, very hard to tell. We believe the markets are definitely stable; they are going to the minus category. If you had asked that question in April, I would to be concerned. But in May and June and July, as Steven pointed out, we believe there's much more traction in the markets that we're hearing from our suppliers. But the market is definitely stable and leading in a positive direction. I'm not sure there's much inflation. There could be with some of the DSO's deflation, but in any event, I do not believe the market is going backwards. For us, of course, we want to continue to grow our core businesses which obviously grow faster if the market is growing faster. But for us the opportunity lies in our specialty businesses, gaining market share with our Henry Schein One business not only in the U.S. and Canada, but globally. So, the markets are in a positive direction, but I think the Henry Schein prospects of the future are much more driven not only by the market growth, but all these other strategies to enter to advance our position into higher-margin areas and products and services and also, of course, to become more efficient as providers of these products and services. 
Operator: We have time for one last question. That will come from the line of Nathan Rich, Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. Just two quick ones for Steve. Gross margins are up nicely in the quarter. I was just wondering if you could kind of comment on what drove the expansion. I know you're rolling -- still rolling in some of the higher-margin tech businesses. So, just curious how much of those contributed to the margin performance in the quarter. And if you could kind of comment on the margin trends you're seeing for the Dental and Medical businesses?
Steven Paladino: Sure. So, thanks for the question Nathan. If you look at overall gross margins, gross margins were driven -- the improvement was driven virtually completely by Technology and a greater percentage of Technology including the acquisition or the joint venture with Henry Schein One. I think it's important also to note that that came with incremental expenses. So, when you look at operating margin expansion, the opposite is true. The operating margin expansion came exclusively from the Healthcare Distribution business not a Technology business. So, it's a little bit complicated there, but gross margin is driven by Technology, but operating margins driven by Healthcare Distribution. 
Nathan Rich: Okay, that's helpful. And just a very quick follow-up Steve. When you -- you talked about kind of June and July being strong kind of relative to April what's the magnitude of the delta that we should be thinking about as you're talking about the area you're seeing that's kind of month-to-month volatility?
Steven Paladino: Yes. It was quite significant the magnitude. If you look at North American consumables, April was actually down slightly and May and June were positive and grew from May to June. So really a big turnaround between April, that weakness that we saw versus May and June. So, we're hopeful that that's a bit of an anomaly because again we have three months after April where we saw a pretty decent growth in consumable sales. And again it's hard to isolate why that one was so weak, but it just was. 
Carolynne Borders: Holly, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, there are no further questions. I'll turn the call over to you for closing comments.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much operator. As we close today's call, I would like to reiterate that we are most excited about the future of Henry Schein and many opportunities ahead in global Dental and Medical markets we serve. We are halfway through our 2018, 2019 and 2020 strategic plan. We're quite pleased with the progress we've made as we advance our key initiatives, not only to grow our footprint and our position and market share in the global Dental and Medical markets, both growth in terms of market share and profitability, the whole area of value-added services, the second strategy and marketing Schein value-added services as important connections to our core business. That's moving along quite nicely. And then, of course, to make sure that our customers understand clearly what the brand commitment is of Henry Schein, what we do, how we differentiate ourselves from our competition, the value we provide to our suppliers, and at the same time advance our market position our brands, specifically in the specialty areas, Dental and Medical that we own. So very, very excited about the future. Of course, if you have any further questions, please contact Carolynne Borders in Investor Relations 631-390-8105. And look forward to speaking to you again at the Baird Healthcare Conference in September or when we next report our earnings in early November. So have a very good rest of the summer. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for joining today's Henry Schein second quarter 2019 conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, Hallie. And thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the 2019 first quarter. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the precautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end-market growth rates and market share are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. Our conference call remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods for certain items may vary independent of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to the key metrics used by Management in our operating of our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for the corresponding GAAP measures. These reconciliations can be found in the supplemental info of our Investor Relations website. The content of this call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast May 7, 2019. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up during Q&A. And with that said, I would like to turn the call over to, Stan Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Good morning. Thank you, Carolynne, and thank you all for joining us today. We are pleased to announce record first quarter financial results from continuing operations. Internally generated sales growth in local currencies was 4.3% and EPS growth from continuing operations was approximately 8% on both the GAAP, the non-GAAP basis. We are also raising the top end of our guidance for 2019 on a non-GAAP financial guidance range basis. We are pleased with our performance to date as we execute on our 2018 to 2020 strategic plan. We have completed the first quarter of what we have characterized as 2019 transition year as we continue to separate operations of our former Animal Health business. Throughout this transition we believe we gained market share in both of our Global Dental and Medical businesses and we are quite confident that Henry Schein is well positioned and believe, actually, continues to be well positioned for operational success over the long term. Our focus remains on supporting our customers around the world with the broadest array of products and services, along with innovative technology that expands our value-added solutions offering while pursuing new investment opportunities. So it's about inorganic growth, organic growth by helping our customers operate a more efficient practice so that they on their end can provide better quality care to the public. We are very excited about the opportunities we have to continue to grow our business on a global basis through our investments in scale and innovation. So at this time, let me ask Steven to review our financial results and guidance and then I'll provide some additional commentary on the recent business performance and accomplishments. Please, Steven.
Steven Paladino: Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to all. As we begin, I'd like to point out that I will be discussing our results from continuing operations on an as-reported GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis. Our Q1 2019 and Q1 2018 non-GAAP results exclude certain items that are detailed in Exhibit B of today's press release. And that is available on our Investor Relations section of our website. Please also note that this quarter we have included a new corporate sales category that represents product sales to Covetrus under the transitional services agreement entered into in connection with the animal health spin off that was completed in February 2019. We expect these sales to Covetrus to continue into the first half of 2020 and we note that because these are low-margin sales that have little impact on our operating income. For fiscal 2019, we expect those corporate revenues to total approximately $100 million. Also, please note that we adopted the new lease accounting standard in the first quarter. As a result, our Q1 balance sheet includes additional lease assets of $248 million and lease liabilities of $256 million. The new standard did not materially impact our consolidated net income and had no impact on our cash flows. Turning to our Q1 results, net sales from continuing operations for the quarter ended March 30, 2019 were $2.4 billion, reflecting a 3.8% increase compared with the first quarter of 2018, with internally-generated sales growth in local currencies of 4.3%. When excluding those product sales to Covetrus under the transitional services agreements, internal sales growth in local currencies was to be 3.7%. Please note that the details of our sales growth are contained in Exhibit A in our earnings news release issued today. On a GAAP basis, our operating margin for the first quarter of 2019 was 7.3% and improved by 17 basis points compared with the first quarter of 2018. On a non-GAAP basis which excludes restructuring costs, our operating margin was 7.5% and expanded by 25 basis points on a year-over-year basis. You can also find a reconciliation of our GAAP operating income to non-GAAP operating income in the supplemental info page on the Investor Relations page of our website. Turning to taxes, our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2019 was 24.6%. This compares with 24.4% GAAP effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2018. On a non-GAAP basis, our effective tax rate was 25.4% and compared with the prior year non-GAAP tax rate of 24.4%. Again, please refer to the supplemental information page on the Investor Relations page of our website for a reconciliation of GAAP taxes to non-GAAP taxes. We estimate that our full-year effective tax rate will continue to be in the 24% to 25% range on a non-GAAP basis. Moving on, net income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. for Q1 of 2019 was $118.4 million or $0.78 per diluted share, and this compares with prior-year GAAP net income of $111.5 million or $0.72 per share. Our non-GAAP net income for the first quarter of 2019 was $120.6 million or $0.80 per diluted share, and this compares with non-GAAP net income of $113.6 million or $0.74 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2018. This represents growth of 6% and 8.1% respectively. To provide some additional details on the results of our operations, I'll note that amortization from acquired intangible assets was $21.8 million on a pretax basis or $0.11 per diluted share for Q1 2019. And that compares to $18.7 million pre-tax or $0.09 per diluted share for the same period last year. I'll also note that in Q1 of 2019, foreign currency exchange negatively impacted our diluted EPS by $1.5 cents for the quarter. Let me now provide some detail on our sales results for the quarter. Dental sales of $1.5 billion decreased 0.1% compared with the prior year, with internal growth in local currencies of 3.2%. North American internal growth in local currencies was 2.7% and included 2.5% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise. And with that, we believe we continue to gain market share in North American dental consumable merchandise market and our dental equipment sales and service revenue increased by 3.3% over the prior year. Our international dental sales growth in local currencies was 4.0% and included 5.5% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise. We believe our international dental merchandise sales growth benefited from either one or two extra selling days in certain European countries due to the timing of Holy Thursday and Good Friday holidays, which occurred in Q1 last year and are in Q2 this year. We anticipate seeing this benefit reverse next quarter. Our international dental equipment sales and service revenue declined by 1.2% versus the same period last year. As we noted last quarter, the International Dental Show or IDS took place in Cologne, Germany in mid-March. This trade show customarily results in lower international equipment sales in Q1. And they typically accelerate in Q2 and beyond. Turning to medical; our medical sales $683.7 million in the first quarter, an increase of 6.8% with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 5.1%. The 5.1% internal growth in local currencies includes 4.9% growth in North America and 9.9% growth internationally. We were pleased with our overall medical sales results, which were driven primarily by solid organic growth from existing large customers along with strategic acquisitions. As we noted on last quarter's conference call we expected our medical sales in Q1 to be impacted by the continuation of a below average influenza season, which led to physician office visits and related sales from test kits to be lower than prior years. Our technology and value-added services sales from continuing operations were $115 million in the first quarter, an increase of 35.1% with internally generated sales both in local currencies of 2.1%. In North America, technology and value-added service sales on an internal basis in local currencies was 0.9% compared with the prior year and the international markets, our internal sales growth in local currencies was 7.0%. We continued to repurchase common stock in the open market during the first quarter and we bought approximately $2.5 million shares at an average price of $59.45 per share or a total of approximately $150 million. The impact of the repurchase of shares on our first quarter diluted EPS was immaterial. At the close of the first quarter, Henry Schein had approximately $250 million available and authorized for future repurchases of common stock. Let's take a brief look at some of the highlights of our cash flow. We have very strong operating cash flow from continuing operations for the quarter at $133.3 million and that compared to a negative $64.6 million in the first quarter of last year. We continue to believe we will have a strong operating cash flow for the full year 2019. As part of our previously disclosed restructuring initiative, we recorded a pre-tax charge in Q1 of 2019, a $4.6 million or $0.02 per diluted share. This restructuring charge primarily includes severance pay, facility closing costs, and outside professional consulting fees directly related to the restructuring plan. As you know, we have extended our restructuring initiative and expect to continue it through Q2 of this year as we continue to look for more opportunities to save ongoing costs as we mitigate stranded costs over time related to the animal health spin-off and also use some of that savings to advance our technology investments, including reinvesting in our CRM project, our European ERP project, and our web interface developments. Turning to guidance; we are increasing the top end of our 2019 non-GAAP financial guidance range today. At this time, we are not able to provide estimates for costs associated with restructuring for 2019; therefore, we are not providing GAAP guidance. On a non-GAAP basis, 2019 diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is expected to be $3.38 to $3.50, reflecting growth of 7% to 10% compared with the 2018 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations which was $3.17. Again, this compares to our prior guidance of $3.38 to $3.46 and that was a 7% to 9% growth. So again, we increased the top end of our range by $0.04 per share. The company's Animal Health business was spun off to shareholders as of February 7, 2019 and that business has been classified as a discontinued operation starting in this current quarter and for all prior periods that are presented. Our guidance for 2019; non-GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is again for continuing operations as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions, but does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions. Our guidance also assumes that foreign exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels and this guidance also assumes that our end markets remain stable and consistent with the current market conditions. As we noted last quarter, we remain confident in our goals of achieving long-term organic sales growth of one percentage points to two percentage points above the underlying market growth and we expect non-GAAP diluted EPS growth will continue to be in the high-single to low double-digit percentages for Henry Schein, and that includes our stock repurchase activity and contributions from acquisitions. So with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Stanely.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much, Steven. Let's begin with the review of our business highlights for our first quarter starting with Dental. Our North American Dental consumable merchandise sales grew by 2.5% in local currencies, which is in line with the growth of the preceding quarter as end market growth has been quite stable. We believe that we modestly increased our market share versus the first quarter of last year. North American Dental equipment internal sales growth of 3.3% in local currencies improved from the fourth quarter of 2018, as we saw strength in sales of CAD/CAM products, which grew by approximately 20%. In particular, digital impression sales increased by nearly 30%; internal sales in local currencies for traditional equipment increased by approximately 2%. Internationally, dental consumables internal sales in local currencies had robust growth of more than 5% due in part to the timing of the Easter-related holidays as Steven mentioned. This timing variance aside, we believe the end market is generally stable in the International Dental consumable market we serve and that we'd continue to gain market share. Likewise, on the equipment side, we believe the market is stable. In fact, in certain markets, it's growing quite nicely. In March, we participated in the IDS event in Germany which occurs every two years. Our international dental equipment internal sales in local currency declined by approximately 1% during the first quarter due largely to this event as dentists in Germany and the surrounding countries often hold off on equipment purchases until after attending the show. This typically leads to a rebound in sales in the second quarter in an IDS year. Advancements in CAD/CAM and digital impression solutions were one of the highlights of the IDS as the technology has become faster and easier to operate, which many believe will lead to broader adoption of these technologies in the years to come. In fact, we believe that most dental practices will have digital impression capabilities as standard of care within five or so years. Today, practices have access to a broad selection of options from basic scanners to full systems to promote fast and accurate scans through these scanners that are far more comfortable for the patients to fully [indiscernible] systems that enable a practice to conduct full procedures including the production of crowns and bridges in one visit. All at a range of price points that enable the practitioners to choose what is right for the customer's specific need. We are clearly at a very exciting time for the industry given the advancements made in digital dentistry workflow. This excitement extends to all of our digital dentistry solutions, of course, including implants, orthodontics, and even endodontics where we leverage deep relationships with our specialty practices and general practitioner customers as well. In particular, internal sales of global implants and endodontics and orthodontics each grew in the mid-single digits to low-double digits in local currency during the first quarter. We're particularly pleased with the growth in our specialty businesses. At IDS, we were excited to announce a variety of innovations, implant-based tooth replacements offered through our BioHorizons and CAMLOG brands. This included the launch of a new implant system called the PROGRESSIVE-LINE, a few line extensions to BioHorizons Tapered implant system and the introduction of our interest dependent [ph] system that promotes fast patient bone regeneration. Now let's review the medical business, the influenza season in the first quarter of 2019 was fairly light in terms of office visits [ph]. On the other hand, and of course, these tests and related surgical products are really, really important for our customers, the office-based practitioner and the urgent centers. Yes, we delivered solid medical internal growth in the first quarter of approximately 5% in local currency despite the reduction in office visits relating to the influenza season. We're excited to have recently launched our new point-of-care diagnostics tools for medical customers. This is one of the fastest-growing product areas in healthcare as consumerism is driving preference for on-demand test results. To address this need and capture growth in this area, our medical team has created a point-of-care diagnostics specialist team. This specialized team will provide expertise in the diagnostic landscape and offer a consultative approach to address practice needs. For example, we have been working diligently to expand our private label portfolio with cost-effective, high-quality solutions for our position offices, clinics and other traditional laboratory customers so they can deliver quick, convenient, and reliable tests at the point of care with laboratory-quality performance. We recently held in Denver, Colorado our most successful medical national sales meeting bringing together our team from across the US to discuss our strategic priorities and sales initiatives for the year ahead. Just like our Dental team, our Medical team Schein members are highly engaged to provide our customers with the highest level of service support, in effect, helping our practitioners focus on operating in a more efficient practice, so that the practitioners can focus on providing the best in quality of care. As we look to the future of our medical business, we believe we are well-positioned to drive continued market share gains from our partnerships with large group practices plus independent physician offices an alternate site of care. So let's move on to the technology and value-added services business. For three quarters now, our Henry Schein One team has been hard at work combining a host of unique and powerful dental software tools that help dentists build awareness for their practice and better communicates with existing patients as well as generating new patients. These tools include advanced websites; reputation management tools, very important these days; and improved search engine results and online marketing and automated digital communications, all growth areas where we're doing quite well. To summarize a few highlights, all major imaging vendors have now signed on with our Dentrix Smart image integration solution. Smart Image provides improved image access across image modalities and integration into the practice management system. Interoperability is alive and well at Dentrix and throughout our practice solutions platform. Most exciting, Dentrix Ascend continues to enhance its focus on practice and patient experience with the addition of multiple new enhancements, including more efficient insurance processing, scheduling, pin board, document management, enhanced electronic dental billing functionality, and additional electronic claim codes to help improve business outcomes. Of course, Dentrix Ascend is our cloud-based dental practice management system and we believe the most progressive in the marketplace. Before we open the call to questions, I would like to highlight the progress we have made in our ongoing commitment to add high-margin products and solutions to a broad range of customer offerings. This is a key element of our strategic growth plan. Since the time of our last call in mid-February, we closed on the acquisition of North American Rescue, a leading provider of survival and casualty care medical products to the defense and public safety markets. NAR had approximately $184 million in sales for the 12 months prior period ending October 2018. This transaction brings us an expansive line of proprietary product brands with attractive gross margins and these solutions will help expand our medical group presence not only in the United States but also globally. We also announced the acquisition of Lighthouse 360 from the Web.com and provide us easy-to-use dental practice management and patient communication software with 2018 sales of approximately $50 million. Building upon our high-margin software and service businesses has been the cornerstone of our strategic growth plan and Lighthouse 360 is an excellent example of how we're adding to our technology innovation for the benefit of our customers. This highly automated software platform will expand Henry Schein One practice marketing and client communication solutions, providing tools to better connect us with our dental customers and help dental practitioners better connect with their patients and gain interoperability at work. Our pipeline for investment opportunity is quite full. We look forward to continuing to add innovative dental, medical, and technology solutions that complement our solid organic growth profile. As mentioned, we have a particular focus on driving attractive growth and operating margin expansion over the long term, in fact, over the medium and long term. We are also focused on growing our private brand and control brand solutions as we diversify the next selection of products we offer with attractive pricing to customers and of course attractive profit margins for Henry Schein. We are doing this while still supporting our branded manufacturers and seeking to expand their market share. The efforts we have undertaken through organic and acquisition growth will be complemented by our programs to reduce costs as part of our restructuring initiative, positioning us well for long-term operating margin expansion. So, again, lots going on at Henry Schein. We remain quite confident in execution of our strategic plan, believe it's a solid plan. And with that, operator, we would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is going to come from the line of John Kreger, William Blair.
John Kreger: Stan, maybe just sticking with that theme that you were just mentioning, if you think about your interest in adding new owned products, where are you most interested in doing that, private label versus brands, dental versus medical, specialty versus GP, just, if you could give us a sense about what you're most interested in? Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, John. So our goal is two-fold. One is to advance our portfolio and market share in specialty products, dental, endo, ortho, implants, bone regeneration and products that are supporting those professionals and providing specialty dental care. At the same time we've started advancing our specialty area focused in the medical arena with a line of orthopedics, blades and swords that we're doing quite well. We've and had been focused on that also for a while and we focus on expanding that portfolio. So that's one area which is also supplemented, by the way, with the Henry Schein One offering because you could view it as a private brand or a corporate brand, if you will, because it's our own brand, but that's all services, the practitioner with unique products under the Henry Schein brand. At the same time, we have led for years with the expansion of sales led by an expansion of product offerings of high-quality, price-competitive products that we offer through our private brand and corporate brand. And we will continue to do that. Having said that, Henry Schein is primarily a branded, national brand for valued-add [ph] products. However, where we experience price competition, we lead very often with our corporate brand, our private brand, which is highly competitive and enables us, of course, to compete very nicely. So it's with branded products, our own branded products that are in the specialty areas and software, and private brand where we are offering competitive pricing, however, fully mindful of the fact that we are a national brand supporter and wish to continue to grow our relationships with those manufacturers of national brand products that see Henry Schein as a great partner.
John Kreger: And my follow-up is within the digital impressioning category, it sounds like that's one of the hotter dental categories at this point. Where do you think we are today in terms of penetration? Just trying to gauge, how much further that category has to run before it matures? Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: John, it is conflicting data out there, but it's our view that less, in the United States for example, less than 20% of practitioners have a digital, some form of digital prosthetic device, be it a scanner or be it a fully integrated scanner machine that also is integrated with bridge and crown milling systems and software. So we think it's still under 20% or so. So there's somewhere around the high 70s of the market that's still available. On the other hand, the imaging systems tends to be more penetrated. Having said that, there is still great opportunity in the imaging side knowing full well that the price of imaging machinery -- digital imaging machinery is coming down somewhat. But in terms of units, there's still market opportunity, quite a nice one, and certainly in terms of units lots and lots of opportunity for Henry Schein. So digital dentistry presents huge opportunity for us, what I was talking about is the US but the same general concept apply in Europe and, of course, certainly elsewhere.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jon Block, Stifel Nicolaus.
Jonathan Block: I'm actually going to start with DI as well. And specific to DI, can you just talk about what the dentist are looking for? You know, DI demand is clearly through the roof, but price points vary wildly maybe from 20,000 to 45,000. Stanley, you're in a good position where you are able to sell a wide portfolio of DI products, so where is the GP's interest when we think about the high-end versus the low-end? And then I've got more of a P&L follow up. Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Good question. I think the market is growing at all levels. First of all, there's the entry level. Those practitioners that are putting their toe in the water; that so, not necessarily going for the high-end. But you know, what's interesting is, they migrate from the lower-end to the high-end as they add a second and third device. So we're doing well and have done well, by the way, for the past seven or eight years introducing new practitioners to DI advisors, we often lead with the lower end, sometimes with the mid-range, and then advance to the higher end. So I think the market is good for all, and I think what will become even more effective is the integration, the inter-operability between these devices whether they're DI devices or digital imaging and our software. There is solid integration now as we mentioned in the call; the leading manufacturers of these devices have signed up to integrate with Dentrix, a lot of the major one's are already integrated and the others will follow soon. So interoperability will drive this category, both in terms of prosthetics and imaging in a significant way in the years to come, both in this country and abroad.
Jonathan Block: Thanks for that, very helpful. And then Steven, I'll hand it to you for the second one, the margin expansion in 2019, I thought was supposed to be maybe somewhat depressed this year just with some of the transition costs that you had 25 bps of non-GAAP expansion in the first quarter. So maybe your thoughts on being able to get to your 20 bps bogey goal this year in '19 despite the TSA noise? And if so, does that mean next year could look even better? Thanks for time guys.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thanks, John. So, Q1 was a very strong quarter, what we expect operating margins we were able to reduce and really came from operating expense reduction there were changes in gross margin, but some of the operating expense reductions that we were able to achieve in Q1, we don't expect to reoccur so while we were guiding more towards a flat operating margin in 2019 then there might be some upside to it, but right now it's still very early in the year so we are pleased with Q1, but we're not ready to say we'll be at 20 basis points for the full year 2019. There are still very good opportunities that we see, and that's why we expanded the restructuring program, because we still see opportunities to take cost out of the system, so again very good for Q1, but we're not ready yet to say that's a full-year opportunity.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Jeff Johnson, Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson: Thank you, good morning guys. Steve, wondering on the North American consumables market, if you can give us any color on what Specialty Group versus the Standard Consumables and if you're still taking market share in the standard consumables or general consumables side, what do you think the market is doing right now outside of your General Consumables growth ?
Steven Paladino: Sure. So first, excluding specialties, we think we did gain market share hard to tell exactly how much maybe 50 to 100 basis points would be the estimate that I would expect, but we did see stronger sales in Specialty products and those depending on if you're looking at implants ortho for endo all of those grew somewhere between the mid-single digits and the low-double digits implants was the strongest of the level which was at the top end of that at double digits. So we're still continuing to do well on the specialty products, but there's still a lot more opportunity in Specialty as our market share is relatively small in those specialty markets.
Jeffrey Johnson: If you could, just maybe remind us what specialty as a percentage of consumables? But then for my follow-up; I just want to understand that guidance you raise the high end of 1Q, as John said, was supposed to be maybe the tougher quarter with spend FX headwinds, some other things you came through that really well, why does the range of EPS for the year go up if you've retired a quarter of risk and kind of got past what we're supposed to be maybe the toughest quarter of the year?
Steven Paladino: Well, let me answer your first question first so total dental specialty product sales on a full-year basis is about $800 million and again that includes implants orthodontic products, endo products and within implants and bone regeneration products that are kind of complementary products to the implants. You know, I would say for the full-year guidance to be some why we raised the top end is because quite simply, we came in ahead of where we expected to be in Q1, we do not think we will give back that improvement in EPS. So we are effectively raising the guidance for the Q1 that we achieved.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nathan Rich, Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: Stan, if you just sitting with the North America Dental consumables I think you mentioned kind of in line with last quarter and that was despite a slightly tougher comparison when you talk to us back in February you said you had seen some softness to start the year, but now it seems like you're characterizing then market is stable. So I was just wondering if you kind of talk to us about what played out over the balance of the first quarter and anything that you had maybe point to that improved relative to the trends that you're seeing earlier in the year ?
Steven Paladino: So it did start off slow Q1 and the beginning part of Q1 but it's finished, very strong and again I always try to alert investors that we need to be careful when looking at a short period of time like a month or so, because we have seen over and over again, you know, a trend where month is exceptionally strong or exceptionally weak, but then that trend reverses in the subsequent months so the good news is Q1 finished very strong in March in particular was very strong for us and consumables, I'll turn it back to Stan.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, I think you're correct in pointing out that one has to be very careful when looking at a 4 to 5-week month Android conclusions even in quarter having said that, and we've said this for many years now last 2 or 3 years. In fact the dental markets are stable and consumable market. I'm the referring to particular and is leaning positively, there are some parts of the world where it's leaning more positively the US is quite stable and there's a slight increase in units, but not much and not a lot of inflation. So the market may be growing 1% one 2% and if it grows. One, the sales and to be on the lower end if it grows to on the higher end, but also I think it is fair to say that Henry Schein has been gaining market share for quite a long time, and we expect to continue to do that for the years to come. Very good programs to encourage customers to aggregated purchases with us of consumables equipment software and particularly. Now specialty products I think consistent with past the markets are stable leaning.
Nathan Rich: And then just as my follow-up. Steve, on the TSAs can you give us a little bit more detail on the products that you're, it sounds like you're selling to co-ventures that's included in that TSA revenue line and it sounds like those are lower margin sales, so I just wanted to confirm that ?
Steven Paladino: Yes, they are very low margin in sales because the TSA agreement really effectively reimburses Henry Schein for its handling costs and that's why there is a small gross profit, but when you get down to the operating income, it's virtually no profit for us. The products vary it continues to include, for example, Henry Schein private brand sales remember on some of these products it takes time to change the registrations in the packaging and that's why we were allowing for these sales to continue because we wanted to make sure core batches had access to the products as they get the registration is complete so it's going to continue for little while now I think you said mid-2020 it could go a little bit further we're a little bit less than that, because we'll try to accommodate co-batches as they need it, because we're not really buying product just for cult we're buying it for the core Henry Schein business and if they need to tap into that from time to time. We're happy to accommodate them.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kevin Ellich, Craig Hallum.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys, this is actually Ryan Cameron [ph] on for Kevin just touch on FX quick. I know you expected it to be a little higher in the first half, do you still expect that impact to subside a bit exiting Q2 or is this kind of run rate we should be expecting throughout the year. And then I got follow-up.
Stanley Bergman: Sure. Well, again, on an EPS basis, foreign exchange negatively impacted this quarter. Our EPS by $0.015, you can look at the details of the sales that we went through that show the sales impact. I think -- again, I always believe that really difficult if not impossible to predict foreign exchange movements, there is too many things that impacted geopolitical things other things that go on. So for us, we're really assuming that the foreign exchange impact is consistent or foreign exchange rates are consistent with what we've seen in Q1. If there are significant deviations from that, that could impact our guidance, but right now we're not assuming that.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, Stan. And I know you touched on it already, but as it relates to the growth strategy, I know it's still early on, but maybe what has worked well so far. And maybe what hasn't worked as well as you'd hoped. Could you give us a little color on that?
Steven Paladino: It's a good question. I'm not sure if anything really work exceptionally well beyond our plans in fact with, we are off on our plans. Yes. Of course, when you make an acquisition, sometimes the first two or three quarters a little bit better and sometimes a little bit worse, but essentially the notion that we want to provide a complete line of products for implant just an oral surgeon and implants bone regeneration generally has worked quite well, advancing sales around the implant has worked well too, in particular advancing sales of equipment and other consumables, I would like to see us finding a way to provide a greater share of the wallet of oral surgeon, love to see us so the complete blind every other surgeon we haven't whether its consumables equipment, pharmaceuticals med-surge and different technology, the same with the Ortho doctors love to see our aligner program grow its early stage right now. The SLX has gained recognition with KOLs at a very small launch at this stage low launch, we will launch our real product, which is being easier product to use to our GP customers through our U.S. sales force. And our national sales meeting in the few months I'd love to see that grow. But we are a taking that step at a time. And I would say on the endodontic side, quite happy with the level of new product introductions edge-endo [ph] which is the lower-end from the pricing point of view of endodontics is doing quite well. And just to go back on the low-end of the -- low priced and of implant side. Our recently closed acquisition and the dentist seems to be doing well, unlike to see us have a bigger position in the low-end pricing point of implants. I would say in general, we're quite happy with where we are. We've added tremendous talent in this area over the last five years. Specialists in the implant oral surgery area, we've got great expertise at the pace in bundling generation, we have terrific expertise in the whole orthodontic area and endodontic space. So overall, it's steady growth and we'd like to see more advancements of the specialty products into the Henry Schein customer base, and more of the specialty product customers buying the general products from Henry Schein consumables and equipment. So it's a steady program that we've started advancing maybe a decade ago and accelerated in the last few years, and we are quite interested in adding to that platform from an integrated point of view, and we have the capital to do that.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Steven Valiquette, Barclays.
Steven Valiquette: Great, thanks, good morning guys. A couple of questions here. I guess, first just tying together a couple of earlier questions on the topics of operating margins and FX, I guess, I'm just curious in the first quarter. And with that operating margin expansion, did you calculate how much the FX movement actually skewed the reported operating margins in 1Q? And also just in relation to the restructuring overall, just remind us again -- just categorically how much benefit you get in the COGS line versus the SG&A line; just sort of big picture? I'm not looking for any numbers but just -- it's heavily skewed towards one expense line versus the other? Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Sure. Thanks, Steve. On your first question, the impact to our operating margin was very small, related to foreign exchange, because we remember both sales, COGS and operating expenses were all converted at the same rate. So it's really just a mix issue that had some minor impact, but it really was not significant for us. Second question, trying to remember, just give me again the second question, I forgot.
Steven Valiquette: Yeah, just on the restructuring, just categorically whether you get more benefit from COGS versus the SG&A line over time, basically.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, sorry. Yeah, virtually all of the restructuring benefits is on the operating expense line. There's a very little that we are getting on the COGS line. So in fact I'm not sure there's any of this is showing up on the COGS line. So it's really all reducing our selling and general administrative expenses, reducing and we did reduce some headcount and we also eliminated some physical locations. So again, it's all on the op -- virtually, all on the operating expense line.
Steven Valiquette: Got it, okay. Alright Thanks.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Michael Cherny Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Cherny: Just to kind of stay on that theme a little bit. Steve, I guess, can you tell us what was specific to 1Q in terms of the outperformance on the operating expense line that won't repeat, at least from a qualitative perspective? 
Steven Paladino: Yes. So we've had some expenses that we were able to reduce, but the expenses again are, we're not expecting the bulk of those expense savings to reoccur. There's a number of different categories here so tough really to isolate on one or two things. We’re going to work hard to see if we can continue some of that expense reductions going forward, but at this point, again, we don't think those expenses and they really relate to some employee-related expenses. So we really think that the likelihood of them reoccurring is probably small at this point. So hopefully that clarifies. 
Michael Cherny : No, that's helpful. I guess I'll stick with that. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kevin Caliendo, UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: Hey guys, thanks for taking my call. On the TSA's, I just -- I appreciate the color on the $100 million. How should we think about the cadence of that over the course of the year? 
Stanley Bergman: I would think that it would be relative number; Q1 is a short quarter for both sales to [indiscernible] we closed, February 7. I would think that the sales are relatively even throughout the year against say for the short Q1. There are not really any products that have a huge seasonal impact. So it should be pretty even throughout the year and we'll continue to do because while it wasn't that material for us in Q1 as the number gets bigger. We wanted to point that out. So that when you look at our operating margins, which is a key metric we can look at operating margins excluding that [ph]. Effectively that's a transfer of products from us through covetrus [ph] even though GAAP requires it to be shown this to sell, it's a sale, again, with no profitability or very marginable -- marginal profitability at the operating income line.
Kevin Caliendo: And just to follow-up on Michael's question about the specific expenses. I appreciate the detail. But can you talk a little bit about the magnitude, is it $2 million, $5 million for just from -- as we try to understand the cadence for the year and trying to understand -- help us model that?
Steven Paladino: It wasn't all related to that -- I would say that approximately half of that would be we beat by $0.04 maybe half of it was related to this activity of lower expenses that may not reoccur and the balance was a number of other things, but I would say roughly half about beat was related to that.
Operator: And we have time for one final question. That question will come from the line of Sarah James, Piper Jaffray.
Sarah James: Thanks for squeezing me in. you mentioned that following IBS, there's a ramp up in orders and I'm wondering if you can help us pace that out a little bit so how the discussions been going since then, how much of that ramp comes in 2Q versus a little bit further on in the year? If you could give us some color on pacing. That would be helpful.
Stanley Bergman: And so Sarah, traditionally, since IBS is right at the end of the quarter and traditionally IBS involves sale mostly equipment and equipment acquired generally installation is nothing really ship in the first quarter, then you start seeing it in the second quarter and ending in the 3rd quarter. Hard to get the timing between the second and the 3rd, right. But in general, it will be good to take a look at sales for the first, second and third in aggregate I think you'll get a trend for how well the equipment market is doing in general. but I can say from Henry Schein point of view, we had a pretty good IBS, traditional imaging and of course, CAD-CAM the scanning part, the VI part was very, very good and I would expect that we will see good results in the second and third quarter in accordance with what is traditionally unfolded in an IBS year. So I give you more specifics but it’s very hard to…
Steven Paladino: I would add is, it's probably more in Q2 and less than Q3, but again, more than that, it's hard to predict at this time.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you everyone for calling in, your interest let me reiterate how excited we are Henry Schein about our future. We believe that we have an outstanding strategic plan again for the next 3 years, which builds on the success of the last few strategic plans, we are focused on advancing our distribution business from a optimization of expenses and more particularly from advancing our customers with better services, supply chain services, digital ordering platform services product offering capabilities and then second, we are excited about what's unfolding at Henry Schein One, and the other value-added services. And 3rd, we remain committed to advancing our Henry Schein brand strategy focused on the specialty areas. We still have a rather small market share so there's a lot of opportunity for us on the upside in the specialty areas too. So you take the three hybrid we have good plans, we have very good management, well positioned on the best [ph] constantly fine tuning engaged in our business day-to-day and a highly motivated team globally. So I look forward to expanding the business organically and inorganically in the quarters to come. So thank you for your interest. If you have any further questions please contact Carolynne Borders and Investor Relations at 631-390-8105 and you can call Steven as well at the same number 631-843-5915. We look forward to speaking with you again at one of our upcoming investor conferences, including the Bank of America Conference on May 15, UBS May 20, Stifel on May 29, when we next report earnings in August. So thank you very much.
Operator: Once again, we'd like to thank you for participating in today's Henry Schein Conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, Tiffany, and thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the 2018 fourth quarter and full year. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates.  The contents of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, February 20, 2019. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. [Operator Instructions]. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. 2018 has been a historic and extremely busy year at Henry Schein as we further position the company to advance our 2018 to 2020 strategic plan. First, we announced the spin-off of our global Animal Health business, which is now complete. We believe that Covetrus represents a significant global technology-enabled provider of products and services for the companion animal health market. We expect customers as well as suppliers will benefit from the technology, practice management software and insights offered by Covetrus to help drive better clinical outcomes for pets patients.  This past year, we also announced the formation of Henry Schein One, which advances practice efficiency and clinical effectiveness while carrying our dental practice management software with the new demand generation tools to help customers better communicate with patients and to drive increase traffic into the dental practice. This joint venture will not only, of course, be a way to advance our general sales with our dental customers but will provide organic growth and a terrific platform for inorganic and acquisition bolt-ons to make this business even more effective over the years to come. It's really quite profitable and expected to be even more profitable.  Last, we began restructuring efforts, which Steven will discuss in further detail and which required a great deal of focus for most of the year and in particular, the last 6 months of the year. Together, these efforts are strategically positioning Henry Schein for continued success, and I want to offer special thanks to our Team Schein Members across the globe for the significant contributions to these important efforts.  Let me add, although challenges in implementing all 3 of these initiatives, generally, the morale in the company is very good, and generally, these programs have been successfully implemented. The work involved in the spin-off was significant, likewise with Henry Schein One and also the restructuring program. As we begin the new year, we are most excited about the future of Henry Schein. We believe the long-term business opportunities remain attractive in the Global Dental and Medical office market as well as the ultimate care sites. This is where we're focused. We're focused on wellness and prevention, and we believe this is where health care needs to be heading and is indeed heading. And we believe we're in a very good start to continue to advance shareholder value.  We also believe our long-standing strategy of organic and acquisition growth will enable us to continue to build upon our market share positions over time as we offer the broadest range of solutions in the markets we serve, including Medical and dental supply chain and specialty product and services solutions as well as dental technology through, of course, Henry Schein One.  At this time, I'll ask Steven to review our financial results and guidance. And then I'll provide some additional commentary on our recent business performance and accomplishments. Steven, please.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to all. As we begin, I'd like to point out that I will be discussing our results on an as-reported basis and GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis. Our Q4 2018 and Q4 2017 non-GAAP results exclude certain items that are detailed in Exhibit B of today's press release, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independently of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. For a detailed reconciliation, see Exhibit B in this morning's earnings release. Also, to facilitate comparisons against past results, we are providing unaudited financial information for the years 2016, 2017 and 2018 and for each quarter of 2018 on a continuing operations basis, so excluding the Animal Health business. This can be found on exhibit C and D of today's press release.  If you turn to our results for the quarter, net sales for the quarter ended December 29, 2018, were $3.4 billion, reflecting a 1.7% increase compared with the fourth quarter of 2017 with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 2.1%. When also excluding the impact of certain products switching from direct sales to agency sales, our normalized internal sales growth in local currencies was 2.6%. You can see the details of our sales growth that are contained in Exhibit A of today's earnings news release.  On a GAAP basis, operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2018 was 5.3% and contracted by 195 basis points compared with the fourth quarter of 2017. However, on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes the restructuring costs, transaction costs related to the Animal Health spin-off, our operating margin was only down 30 basis points on a year-over-year basis. Full year 2018, excluding the same factors as noted above as well as certain onetime litigation expenses in both periods, our operating margin was down 17 basis points compared to 2017. Again, you can see a reconciliation with GAAP operating income to non-GAAP operating income in the supplemental info page on the Investor Relations page of our website. As we have previously mentioned, we are focused on increasing sales of higher-margin products and services to drive gross margin improvements across all of our businesses and the continuing effort to reduce cost as part of our restructuring initiatives.  Turning to taxes. Our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2018 was 19.2%. This compares to a GAAP effective tax rate of 19.4% in the fourth quarter of 2017. However, on a non-GAAP basis, the effective tax rate was 23.5% and compares with the prior year non-GAAP tax rate of 27.7%. On a full year basis, the effective tax rate was 22.4% on a GAAP basis, and that compares to GAAP effective tax rate of 44.1%. But again, on a non-GAAP basis for the full year, the effective tax rate was 23.8% and compares to 26.8% in 2017. Again, you can see a reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates in the supplemental information page on the IR section of our website. For 2019, we estimate our effective tax rate will be in the range of 24% to 25%, and that's also on a non-GAAP basis.  Moving on. Net income attributable to Henry Schein for Q4 of 2018 was $133 million or $0.87 per diluted share. And this compares with the prior year GAAP net loss of $8.5 million or $0.06 per share. Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter of 2018 was $171.6 million or $1.12 per diluted share. And this compares with the non-GAAP net income of $152.1 million or $0.97 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2017. This represents growth of 12.9% and 15.5%, respectively.  To provide some additional detail on our results, we note that the amortization from acquired intangible assets was $30.4 million pretax or $0.15 per diluted share for Q4 of the current year. That compares to $28.3 million pretax or $0.13 per diluted share for Q4 last year. On a full year basis, the amortization from acquired intangible's was $122 million pretax or $0.60 per diluted share for 2018, and that compares to $112.4 million pretax or $0.52 per diluted share for 2017. I'll also note that in the current quarter, Q4 of 2018, foreign currency exchange negatively impacted our EPS by $0.02.  Let me now provide some detail on our sales results for the quarter. Dental sales were $1.7 billion, which is a decrease of 0.2% compared with the prior year with internal growth in local currencies of 1.5%. North American internal growth in local currencies was 0.6% and included 2.5% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise where we believe there was some softness in the end market, most notably in the November and December periods. But we do believe we continue to gain market share in the North American dental consumable merchandise market. Our dental equipment sales and service revenue decreased by 3.5% year-over-year. It's important to point out, though, that this was against a very difficult prior year comparison where we experienced adjusted internal sales growth in local currencies above 19%. We also believe dental practices we're focused on some year-end optimization of some practice cash structures rather than on tax advantages associated with capital purchases. And we believe this could have negatively impacted Q4 sales as well.  Turning to international. Our international dental sales growth in local currencies was 2.8% and included 3.4% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise. And our dental equipment sales and service revenue increased by 1.3% versus the same period last year. I'll note that the biannual international dental tradeshow or IBS takes place in Cologne, Germany in mid-March. And this -- generally, the timing of this often impacts lower international equipment sales in Q1 that typically pick up in Q2 and beyond.  Animal Health sales were $877.6 million in the fourth quarter, a decline of 1.4% with internally generated sales in local currencies down 0.6%. These results included 1.9% sales decline in North America. However, normalizing for the impact of the manufacture switching from direct to agency sales, our North American sales growth was 2.1%. International Animal Health internal sales growth in local currencies was 0.8%.  Our Medical sales were $684.8 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of 7.5% with internally generated sales growth in local currencies also at the 7.5%. And acquisition growth was small, up 0.1%., and that was offset by foreign exchange of the same amount, 0.1%. That 7.5% internal growth in local currencies included 7.7% growth in North America and 2.1% growth internationally. We are pleased with our overall Medical sales results, which continue to be driven primarily by solid growth in existing large customers as well as, to a lesser extent, new customer additions. And this was despite the fact that there was a below average influenza season that led to fewer position office businesses and related test. This was probably the mildest flu vaccine -- or flu season that we've seen in the number of years.  Technology and Value-Added Services sales were $139.1 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of 21.4% with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 0.5%. In North America, Technology and Value-Added Services internal sales growth in local currencies was flat versus the prior year, reflecting lower sales from technology support and financing services revenue associated with the decline in dental equipment sales in North America. International markets, the internal sales growth for technology was 2.8%. And we expect to see an acceleration over time in our technology sales driven by Henry Schein One as practices leverage those key tools, including the availability of integrated practice management software systems with the Internet brands offering to enhance practice efficiency and patient communications.  Related to stock repurchases, we continue to repurchase common stock in the open market in the fourth quarter. We bought back 997,000 shares at an average price of $86.14. Remember, that's on a pre spin-off basis, that $86 share price. And that was approximately $86 million. The impact of these repurchases on the fourth quarter EPS was immaterial. Also, I'll remind people that on December 13 of 2018, we announced our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $400 million of shares of our common stock. That's an additional increase. And at fiscal year-end, we had that $400 million authorized and available for future stock repurchases.  If we look at some of the highlights of cash flow for the quarter, our operating cash flow for the 4Q was very strong at $294 million compared with $238 million in the fourth quarter of last year. For the year, the operating cash flow was $685 million versus $545 million in 2017. Also, we'll look at our capital expenditures for the year was about $90.6 million, and that results in free cash flow of $594 million for the year.  I'll also remind people that as part of the spin-off, we will see the $1.1 billion tax free cash proceeds that were distributed to us at the closing of the Animal Health transaction, which was during the first quarter of 2019. That was initially used to pay down corporate debt. Also, early in the year, we repurchased a minority interest associated with the Animal Health business in the U.S. Animal Health business in the amount of approximately $365 million. Our Animal Health subsidiary subsequently engaged in a primary issuance of shares to third parties with cash consideration, which was also distributed to us in connection with the spin-off transaction. We expect to continue our long-standing capital allocation, which is focused on 2 key initiatives, strategic acquisitions as well as share repurchases.  Looking ahead to future M&A. We expect to continue to pursue our 2018 and 2020 strategic plan by continuing to grow our Dental and Medical businesses, both in North America as well as internationally. Also, to enhance our value-added solutions, investing in building scale and expanding into higher-margin products. This is expected to include adding higher-margin dental technologies to the Henry Schein One platform aimed at improving practice efficiency and creating patient demand for our customers. We also expect to continue to invest in dental specialty solutions for implants, bone regeneration, endodontic, orthodontic products, which will complement the growth profile of our traditional Dental business. In addition, we plan to invest as opportunities arrive in the Medical market such as what we just recently announced in the North American Rescue business, which Stan will discuss shortly.  As part of our previously disclosed restructuring initiative, we recorded a pretax charge in Q4 of 2018 of $35.4 million or $0.17 per diluted share. The charge for the full year of restructuring activities was $62.9 million on a pretax basis or $0.31 per diluted share. These restructuring charges primarily includes severance pay as well as facility closing costs and outside professional and consulting fees that were directly related to the restructuring plan. We plan on extending this restructuring initiative into the first half of 2019 as we continue to look for more opportunities to save costs; as we continue to look to migrate stranded cost, which are modestly this year but we still want the opportunity to mitigate those stranded cost over time that are related to the Animal Health spin-off; as well as advance our technology investments, including reinvestment in our CRM, ERP and web interface development.  Okay. Turning to guidance. We are introducing financial guidance today for 2019. At this time, we are not able to provide estimates for the continued costs associated with restructuring as well as Animal Health spin-off that occurred earlier in 2019. Therefore, we are -- 2019. Therefore, we are not providing GAAP guidance. We will only be provided non-GAAP guidance excluding those 2 items. On a non-GAAP basis for 2019, diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is expected to be $3.38 to $3.46, and that reflects growth of 7% to 9% compared with the 2018 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations of $3.17. Again, if you look at our press release, you'll see that $3.17 is provided as a non-audited additional financial information for Henry Schein on a continuing operations basis.  The company's Animal Health business was [indiscernible] to shareholders on February 7, 2019. And that business will be classified as a discontinued operation in Q1 2019 as well as for all current and prior year prior -- periods that are presented post Q1 2019.  Note that we currently expect a year-over-year non-GAAP EPS growth in the first quarter of 2019 to be in the low single digits with an acceleration for the remainder of the year. Our guidance for 2019 non-GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein again is for continuing operations and includes a completed or previously announced acquisitions but does not include the impact of potential future acquisitions as well as it does not include the impact of those non-GAAP adjustments. The guidance also assumes foreign exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels, and that the end markets remain stable to current market conditions that we are seeing.  So we remain confident in our goal of achieving long-term organic sales growth of 1 to 2 percentage points above the underlying market growth rates. We also remain confident that non-GAAP diluted EPS growth will continue to be in the high single to low double-digit percentages for Henry Schein, Inc. on a long-term basis. And that's all including stock repurchases as well as contributions from acquisitions.  So with that financial summary, I will now turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Before I review highlights from the fourth quarter, I would like to review several highlights of 2018. We achieved net sales of $13.2 billion, which is up 5.9% from the prior year. Internal sales in local currencies increased by 3.4%. GAAP diluted EPS increased by 35.8% versus 2017 non-GAAP results. And non-GAAP diluted earnings per share growth was 14.7% versus 2017 non-GAAP results. We are, of course, pleased with our operating cash flow of $684.7 million, which increased by $139.2 million versus 2017. We did not repurchase shares during the period of time before we announced the spin-off of our Animal Health business. Following the announcement in April, we spent $200 million to repurchase approximately 2.5 million shares of our common stock in 2018, reflecting our confidence in the strength of our business and our commitment to continuing to deliver shareholder value.  In addition, 2018 -- during the year 2018, we completed 5 major -- majority-owned strategic transactions excluding Animal Health transactions, just Dental and Medical, as we continue to expand our geographic presence and enhance our product offering. Together, these acquisitions have trading 12 months' revenue at the time of purchase of approximately $132 million. We also announced the formation of Henry Schein One, which had pro forma 2017 sales of approximately $400 million. Our acquisitions in 2018 expanded our digital dentistry solutions for implants and orthodontics. And in Medical, we announced an agreement to acquire a leading provider of mission-critical medical products for the defense and Public Safety markets, North American Rescue.  Going forward, we have significant opportunities to allocate capital towards advancing our 2018 to 2020 strategic plan, which is centered around 3 concepts, 3 major goals. Just on the distribution side, the goal of expansion of our core dental and Medical businesses as we continue to build scale and expand into new geographies. Supplementing that with number two, value-added services, advancing our solutions, services and support for our customers. Of course, a key component of that is Henry Schein One, but there are other initiatives and other programs that we will be advancing. And the third component is partnering with a broad set of manufacturers as well as building Henry Schein brand equity with key goal of expanding product margins.  So for the fourth quarter of 2018, let me start with a review of our Dental business. Steven mentioned that the fourth quarter dental sales in North America were impacted by a soft end market in November and December. Also, our global sales of -- in the CAD/CAM category declined by approximately 7%. As Steve noted, we faced a difficult comparison in North America dental equipment for the fourth quarter 2017. Remember, it was the first full quarter that we have access to Dentsply Sirona Dental equipment line in the U.S., which we believe contributed to a difficult comparison in the fourth quarter and specifically around CAD/CAM. We're on the early stages of adoption of digital solutions for dental practices and dental laboratories, including CAD/CAM products. At market, though, it's estimated still less than 20% penetrated in the U.S. Without question, the dental market will continue to adopt digital technology as digital devices drive practice efficiency and productivity. Growth in this market over the coming years is expected to be healthy.  In terms of sales, North American traditional equipment grew by 3.8% in local currencies during the fourth quarter. This was off of solid sales growth in the fourth quarter of 2017. We believe this market will continue to grow as well. We believe investors should not be overly focused on quarterly growth rates, which may ebb and flow from quarter-to-quarter. We believe the end markets for dental consumables, digital equipment and traditional equipment have all grown. We remain optimistic that long-term growth prospects remain attractive, and we expect that we will continue our trend of building upon our market share positions.  As you may recall, in late September, we announced investments in three implant companies: Intra-Lock, Medentis Medical and Pro-Cam Implants with combined annual sales of approximately $45 million. The implant, orthodontic and endodontic markets represent particularly attractive growth segments where we can leverage our deep relationships with both specialty practitioners and GPs. Our investments in these companies speak to our commitment to adding high-margin digital treatment solutions that are advancing dentistry through technology and innovation.  Before we move on, let me comment on the agreement we recently signed to acquire a majority stake in Yu Han Hong Chen [ph], one of the largest independent dental distributors in China. The company has annual sales of approximately $40 million. China is an important market for dental services as the dental clinics, the private sector dental clinics, continue to experience rapid growth. In 2018, had approximately $60 million of dental sales in China, and expect us to grow significantly in 2019 and beyond as we continue to invest in growing our presence in developing markets. We believe there is significant opportunity to deliver our unique combination of solutions, service and support to the China region as well as other emerging markets.  Now let's move on to Animal Health business. We are pleased to have closed on the spin-off of our global Animal Health business, which is now part of Covetrus. The company has an impressive board made up of 11 leaders in the industry. We are pleased that Phil Laskawy, the independently leader at -- for Henry Schein for many years, is the lead Director of Covetrus. Steven Paladino, our CFO, also serves on the Covetrus board, among the many distinguished colleagues.  I'd like to take this opportunity to thank all of the former members of the Animal Health team. For many years, the Team Schein Members devoted to the Animal Health part of Henry Schein were very productive for the company. It creates a tremendous shareholder value, and the commitment over so many years of this team is most appreciated. The team has a strong passion and dedication to the Animal Health community and, therefore, the combination of Henry Schein Animal Health and Vets First Choice capabilities position this team and Covetrus as a company for a bright future.  Now let's take a look at the Medical business. We are pleased with the robust growth in our Medical sales for the quarter at 7.5%. The North American Medical market continues to experience a rapid evolution as health care providers pursue the best way to deliver services at lower cost and with better outcomes, of course. We are benefiting from the shift in care from higher cost acute settings the lower cost subacute care sites such as physician offices, urgent care sites and ambulatory care centers that we serve. Our track record is serving large group networks with supply chain, education, technology and support services continues to be a solid competitive advantage. Our Medical business is thriving in this environment as we service these large entities. In January, we announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire approximately 93% of North American Rescue or NAR, as it is referred to in the marketplace, which is a leading provider of survivable and quality care Medical products to defense and Public Safety markets. NAR has an extensive line of proprietary product brands. The company has 105 employees and generate record sales for the 12 months ended October 2018 of approximately $184 million. We believe NAR will help expand our Medical group geographic footprint, customer base and product offering as well as margins in both the U.S. and as we advance NAR business across the globe.  Let's move on to our Technology and Value-Added Services business. Henry Schein One has just completed its first two quarters as a combined platform and is now positioned to start offering unique software bundle solutions for improved communications between the practice and the patient while, of course, driving efficiency and good clinical outcomes in the practice as well. Henry Schein One is helping to advance practice efficiency and to build strong relationships between dental practices and patients. It is also creating new avenues for growth for practices with differentiated demand creation tools. We're offering our customers a host of new tools to engage with their patients while simultaneously increasing the recurring revenue. We also have the opportunity with this exciting platform to expand our dental software ability across the globe, particularly as we pair these tools with the growing practice management software presence abroad. We are pleased to announce that Dentrix Enterprise solutions, along with Cerner solutions, was selected for the contract with the Department of Veterinary Affairs as part of the project to modernize health care solutions for the military. Recently, Henry Schein One rolled out several key platform updates for patient engagement, patient financing and clinical decision support solutions. We also launched our OmniCore all-in-one dental office Medical solution, which includes hardware and dental office maintenance. Looking ahead, we are working on new product launches to attract new patients, so our customers as well as live check solutions aimed at improving conversation rates as patients search online for dentists.  Henry Schein One has a lot of projects underway, and we serve as a platform for future technology acquisitions to expand our value-added solutions in other geographies and to target general practitioners as well as specialty practitioners, including the previously announced unconsolidated investment in Robo 2, a leading provider of Practice Management's software solutions for orthodontists in the United States and Canada.  Before we open the call to questions, I would like to address some concerns that we've received from the investment community about growth and operating margin. I really think it's important to reiterate thoughts that we have conveyed for some time. First, we recognize that we have always have been and will continue to operate in a price competitive markets. The markets we have -- and have always been price competitive. Our strategy of delivering value-added solutions for our customers that help clinicians manage their practices efficiently is critical. This helps our customers operate more successful practices, both from the clinical point of view and an economic point of view. We also recognize that practices are changing. Consolidation will continue as we believe at different rates in dental and medical. I would like to point out our success in continuing to bring value to our large customers and to navigate consolidation in the medical market where today, the majority of smaller practices are owned by larger group networks. We continue to deliver consistent attractive sales and profit in this business. We believe our medical and dental customers continue to choose Henry Schein because we are partnered with practitioners and effectively serve as an extension to their practices. Our price levels fairly reflect the value we provide. It's a careful balance that we work on daily. We do not expect this to change materially over time even as our customers continue to consolidate. Rather, we expect practitioners will continue to compensate us for the value we provide.  Second, we have discussed the priority of adding more high-margin products to our portfolio. The recent implant acquisitions in dental and agreements acquired in North American Rescue and Medical are excellent examples. We will also continue the invest in building scale in distribution in all our key markets as we positioned the company to grow in these important markets. Our capital structure and strong balance sheet position us well to continue to add more of these businesses in the future.  Finally, we believe in our success in effectively managing gross margins and cost. And this has been a long-term history of ours, aided by our recent restructuring efforts, will help us achieve our long-term operating margin expansion goals.  With that, operator, we will open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson: Can you hear me okay?
Stanley Bergman: Yes, we can.
Jeffrey Johnson: So I just wanted to focus on guidance here for a second and kind of even your 2018 base number of $3.17. So Steve, I think we're all trying to circle around 3 different factors. There's stranded costs that are impacting. There's the TSA agreements with Covetrus that should help at least in 2019. And then there was the cash infusion from Covetrus, the $1.1 billion. So in that $3.17 number, I guess, my question is are there any impacts of any of those 3 factors? And then how are you thinking those 3 factors combined to impact then the 7% to 9% growth guidance for 2019?
Stanley Bergman: Okay. So the 2018 numbers, there are no real impact related to stranded cost because nothing is stranded during 2018. And there is no impact to TSAs and reimbursement in 2018. And last, since we didn't get the cash until first week of February 2019, the impact of the $1.1 billion is also not included in 2018. Let's address those issues in 2019 because I understand there is a little bit of confusion on that. First, on the cash infusion, it's 11 months worth of impact, but it's important to note a couple of things on our interest rate line. One is that we had temporary credit lines in place in anticipation of getting that billion dollar-plus cash infusion. Those temporary credit lines have low interest rates because they were floating in low interest rate credit lines. We'll also have assumed that there will be some rate increases in 2019. Who knows if that's going to happen or not, but for conservatism, we did assume in our guidance that there would be some rate increases in 2019 that will increase our overall interest expense. Turning to stranded cost. We do expect to have a modest amount in 2019 of stranded cost. We expect that to be in the several million dollar range. That could change a little bit, but that's the expectation now that's built into our guidance. We also expect that when you look at the cost in 2018, it does not include certain variable cost that will increase in providing those services to Covetrus. So the 2019 expenses will be higher because there'll be more variable expenses that will be chargeable to Covetrus to perform their services. And the last thing maybe I'll point out is we're still expecting -- you see in Q4 that foreign exchange, currency translation negatively impacted our quarter by $0.02 per share. It's just for the quarter. So we're expecting to have a little bit of continued headwind in foreign exchange built into our guidance. And then the last thing I'll mention, sorry for such a long-winded answer, is that we saw in Q4 a soft market in a couple of markets. And we are also assuming that market conditions remain consistent. So we're assuming that, well, let me say the opposite. We are not assuming that market conditions improve. Now we're hopeful that, that can also be a conservative assumption. But right now, we think that's the best way of building our guidance, assuming the market conditions remain consistent with what we've seen in recent history.
Jeffrey Johnson: That's helpful, Steve. And just my very quick follow-up. On the amended 8-K that you filed on Friday and the restated pro forma numbers for 2018 year-to-date have come down in that filing, was that -- did those numbers come down because of stranded cost? Or did those numbers come down because you just allocated or reallocated and decided that there were more cost remaining on the business that forced you to do that or that required you to do the restatement of the 8-K?
Steven Paladino: Yes. So it was the latter. It was not because of stranded cost. It was because when we filed the initial 8-K, and it's a very complication -- complicated separation of cost between continued and discontinued operations, and we made estimates for what pertains to continued versus discontinued operations. And as we continue to refine those numbers, we realized that those estimates were not as accurate as we would've liked. And therefore, we filed that 8-K last week to adjust for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: Maybe just sticking on guidance. You talked about EPS growth of 7% to 9% from continuing operations. That, I guess, is at the lower end of the longer-term target of high single to low double digits. So Steve, can you maybe just talk about what's unique to this year that's causing growth to be at the lower end of that range? And maybe within that, could you also comment specifically on your expectations for margins. They look like pro forma margin were roughly flat. I'll just be curious what you're expecting for 2019.
Steven Paladino: Sure. Some of the things I said on the earlier questions, I'll repeat. There is an impact of stranded cost in 2019. We are anticipating some foreign exchange headwind. Maybe another thing I'll mention is -- that talked about on the prepared comments. If you look at the flu season this year, it was the mildest flu season in many years. And while that did not impact our sales of the influenza vaccine, it did impact and we're seeing that continue in Q1. We're seeing that patient traffic for when patients have flu-like symptoms and they go to their doctor and there's the rapid in-office flu test that's used, those who flu test product sales are down in Q1 because again, such a mild season in the patient traffic. So using other products that you normally use when you have a patient flow is also down. It's a temporary thing because the flu season really is the winter months and it ends after Q1. But we are assuming softness related to that. It's a very unusual season, and we just have to build in the reality of that as part of our guidance.
Nathan Rich: Okay. And just really quickly on margins. Just your expectations. There are a number of moving pieces just with the restructuring savings. Do you expect -- in some of the stranded cost like you said. So just curious how we should be thinking about margins for the year.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Look, our long-term goal is to get back to operating margin expansion. I think that we may not get there in 2019 because of stranded cost and some of the other factors that we just discussed. But we do believe longer term, we can get there. So again, 2019 is a little bit of a transitional year with all the spin-off activities that we have to take into consideration.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger: Stan, you mentioned a few minutes ago that the product is the third of your 3 main goals longer term. Can you just elaborate on that? How do you determine what products you want to own versus you want to partner for? And if we think about your sales, what percentage would you like to get into some sort of kind of a preferred formulary type of structure? And any additional details would be really helpful.
Stanley Bergman: It's a very, very good question. I'm glad you asked it. Look, the 3 legs of Henry Schein's strategy for 2018 and '20, the first is to continue to advance our distribution businesses. I can go into details, but that's not related to your question. The second is to continue to invest and expand our presence with value-added services. There are 2 kinds of services. Some are given free or virtually free to customers who give us consumables and equipment business. And others such as the programs of Henry Schein One are charged for. So there, obviously, we want to expand on that platform and we'll connect with suppliers and different partners that are interested in working with us to help us expanding that platform, the profitability of that platform and the connectivity to our customers so that we can be totally interoperable in a unique way. But I think your question is more directed to the third category, it's what we call internally brand equity. The cornerstone of that, of course, is our specialty businesses.  We're particularly interested in advancing our oral surgery business that involves implants and bone regeneration materials and using that to be a one-stop shop for all products in oral surgeon or GP in the oral surgery field is -- are using. We are doing quite well in that field. We are gaining market share. We have made some good investments, and we expect to continue to make good investments in that field. The second area will be in the endodontic space. Similar goal. We, of course, will distribute all brand, but we also have our own brands from brushlets to edge and I'm sure others will be added over time. This is a high-margin business for us and presents us with a good opportunity. We will continue to collaborate with those branded manufacturers that will want to collaborate with us where other brands are offered to the Henry Schein channel. And the third is the orthodontic space where we will continue to invest. Again, we're making good progress. We have some good proprietary products in that field, and specifically related to our SLX Clear Aligner system and the whole system around that. And we believe that over time, that will continue to do well. We are receiving very good feedback from our KOLs and from customers in that regard. So the goal is specifically in those areas where we are not really competing with our manufacturers who work with us for distribution. We do not see ourselves being a manufacturer of equipment. And so for example, and so we will focus on areas where we believe the margins are great where we can provide good value to our customers and can combine our own brands with a complete offering of other products to present a one-stop shop.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jonathan Block: Steve, this one might be for you. I'm sorry, Stanley as well. But I just want to make on the trends if I circle back. And so on the North American trend that you called out that weakened a little bit in November and December, I mean, here we are almost at the end of February. Any color that you can give on how those trended in January and February as well? And then I guess, a quick add-on to that same question will just be also any difference that you saw in general consumables versus specialty? Because I do think specialty has been more resilient in the past. And then I just got a quick follow-up.
Steven Paladino: Sure. So let me answer the second part of your question first. Specialty sales were stronger than core GP sales. In fact, for us, we saw our implant business growth in the 7% range, organic growth in the 7% range, which was strong a number for us. And we also saw another specialties and some nice growth in excess of the recorded growth. What we saw specifically in the U.S. and North American market was that the softness really continued in January, but we did see a really nice pickup so far in February. So we're a little bit optimistic with that pickup because February so far has been very strong, and it's only, call it, 2 weeks into the February months. So that's the color I can provide, and that's both on consumables and equipment. Softness in January continued but a nice turnaround in February for an acceleration of that growth.
Stanley Bergman: Like me just add one other factor. And it's not directly related to Steven's answer per se and maybe your question. But the profitability of Henry Schein One and the profitability of our specialty businesses are significantly higher than distribution business. So although the impact of top line our growth in these businesses may not be that material or not be obvious, the bottom line increase is quite important. And in fact, even if we don't have much growth and we expect to have a lot of growth, the profitability increase in these businesses is very, very good. So the opportunity to have growth in operating margin and bottom line profitability or operating income profitability from Henry Schein One and the specialty businesses is, of course, therefore, disproportionate to the sales growth of the distribution businesses.
Jonathan Block: Okay, fantastic. And just as a follow-up question is it sort of built on maybe Nathan's from earlier. But just longer term, Steven, the up margin goal for the company, you talked about why it may be flat. This year, you've got some stranded costs, you've got some FX headwinds. But when we look at longer term, you used to talk about 20 bps of O&M expansion for the legacy co. Do you see you that as sort of recapture 20 bps longer term? Does it even work beyond that as Stanley, to your point, you made some acquisitions and bolt-ons in some of these higher-margin business such as specialty Henry Schein One, et cetera?
Steven Paladino: Sure, John. You're correct. We do feel confident longer term to get back to operating margin expansion. Again, this is a little bit of a transition year, 2019, because of the spin-off and other activities. That does not assume any major shift in sales next to higher margin. We're still targeting that longer-term margin expansion of 20 bps. But if the shift is greater through acquisitions, that could accelerate 20 bps to a higher number. So we still feel like that's a model that we can continue to achieve. We just have to get through 2019 in this transitional year.
Stanley Bergman: And of course, our guidance to add on, Steve, does not include any acquisitions. We cannot, of course, commit to any acquisitions until the paper is signed. But we will be investing quite heavily in these 2 legs of higher margin. One is Henry Schein One. It's a tremendous platform and a great way to add additional services, additional geographies to the Henry Schein One platform. Lots of opportunity there for margin expansion. And likewise, in the specialty areas where we can remain excited and think that we have opportunity to continue to grow market share in a market that is quite healthy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with Craig-Hallum.
Kevin Ellich: I guess, Steve, you gave us some nice color on the softness that you saw in the dental market in North America and kind of how it's balanced here in February. But were you ever able to pinpoint what caused the softness? I mean, is it really just kind of a resetting also, what market growth is for the market?
Steven Paladino: It's difficult to answer with precision. We did see the large corporate accounts grow faster than the independent customers. We didn't see anything specific geographically or regionally. And obviously, it was related to patient traffic and utilization. So again, we're trying to continue to do analytics on that, but it's difficult to understand with precision. So again, reflected in our guidance is a continued slightly softer market expectations that will continue. Again, we still feel we can grow. Assuming we achieve our guidance of high single digits, 7% to 9% growth in this environment, and the opportunity for that accelerate over time with acquisitions, other activities and maybe even a little bit of help from the end markets. And we feel that, that's something that will continue to deliver shareholder value for our shareholders.
Kevin Ellich: That's helpful. And then Stan, when we think about your growth strategy, and you guys give some color on higher-margin equipment in digital areas that you want to get into, can you talk geographically about the emerging markets? You mentioned China as a big opportunity. Kind of will you build that organically? Or do you think an acquisition is more of the right way to go about building in the emerging markets?
Stanley Bergman: It's a very good question, Kevin. Of course, the emerging markets are growing rapidly off a smaller base. The answer is slightly different per country. China now, we've been there for almost a decade and feel very comfortable now that we have the right infrastructure, financial and regulatory and legal to advance. We have a $60 million business. We will close shortly on another $14 million, and we will continue to grow organically. It's a great platform, by the way, to advance our implant businesses, which is doing quite well with us in China. So it's going to be, in China, a combination of organic growth and expanding the platform so that we have good distribution throughout China. Brazil, for example, which is now a nice business for us, we put together the #1 and #2 player. They went through last year the integration process. And I expect that we will continue to have good growth and profitability in Brazil. I expect that there will also be some acquisition opportunities and specifically in the specialty areas as well. We have a small operation in South Africa, which is an opportunity to expand north. Although it's not a huge market, it's a growing market. And in other parts of Asia, for example, Thailand, you may ask why we went to Thailand. We just found a good company. Those opportunities advance our business in the Southeast Asian region and specifically, we think in the digital area, where we have some good capability and combined with our oral surgery program. So I can talk about other countries as well, but those are the key areas that we're focused on today. And see, these are good markets growing. We see good opportunity to take our products that we have and know-how that we have and take advantage of markets that are healthy and growing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Larson with SVB Leerink.
David Larsen: Can you talk about Henry Schein One product? And you keep mentioning demand generation tools and being able to drive traffic to the dental offices. I think you also mentioned there is $400 million of sales. What exactly are those tools? And how permeated is the solution into like your dental base? Can you reach all of your dental clients now or not? And sort of how do you expect that penetration to progress over time?
Steven Paladino: Sure. So I'll give a little bit of color. One of the things that I would invite people, we have had some people, some investors go out to our technology center in Salt Lake City and the people would like to get a demo and -- of the technology and the software that drives this, we can set something up. But quickly in summary, we have a number of terrific products now with the creation of Henry Schein One that drive patient communications that are effectively smart communications to be able to go to patients and communicate with them and get them back into a dental office for treatment plans that have not been performed or to get them back in the office because they've been away for too long. We believe that the average dental office might have close to a year's worth of billings for treatment plants that were diagnosed when patients have not returned. We could also include in there, we have some certain products with Henry Schein One that can help with either patient financing as well as some insurance programs that could help those patients if it's partly a financial issue to get those services performed.  So it's really detailed and smart patient communications to bring those customers, those patients back into the dental office. We've seen success. It's a service, it's a monthly service that dental practices will buy monthly and effectively outsource the patient communications to us. And it's been very effective. We also have recording that shows them the effectiveness of what we're doing. And I would say that if you ask any dental practice what the top 3 concerns are, patient traffic and demand is probably in those top 3. So this really addresses something very important to the dental practice and really addresses the value of Henry Schein that we're more than just, again, a rigid supply of products from point A to point B. Yes, we do that better than anyone else and we're very efficient at that. But we provide so many other services, and this is just one of those. So hopefully, that helps with a little bit of color. Again, if everyone likes to get detailed demos of those products, we can try to set something up. Maybe we can even do something remote where people can call into a webinar of sorts.
Stanley Bergman: In the general enterprise systems that we offer, for small practices, midsize practices, large practices, U.S. government, for example, military, the PA, these are all customized solutions that are very, very effective in managing the practice per se but helping with clinical outcomes.
David Larsen: Okay. And then just in terms of like traffic volume to dental offices, do you think the nature of the stock market and the S&P 500 has anything to do with that? Like if people see the market pulling in and late in the year, they're less inclined to have services performed, and if the market comes back and they see the value of their savings rising and they're more inclined to use sort of their savings to have services? Any correlation there in your mind or not? What do you think?
Stanley Bergman: There are so many discussions internally with our salespeople about customers. Everybody has a view. There are people that say that when Christmas and new year sales had caused lost days of activity. There are people and talk about the weather. There are people that do talk about the impact of the stock markets on the consumer and on the enthusiasm of the dentists invest in the practice. I think these things all have short-term impact. But I think in the end, we have to look at how the business performs over any year, 1, 2, 3 years. And I think we are as well positioned as we've ever been to continue to grow EPS. I think the number of 7% to 9% is on the low end, specifically because 2019 is a transition year. There's so much going on. I think we need to be a little cautious, including where is the world economy heading, where is foreign exchange going. But I think once things settle down in 2020 going forward, I think the goals that we set for ourselves at nine to low single digits -- high single digits to low double digits, 9%, 11%, 12% is something that we're comfortable with. I think we're investing in the right areas. We are returning cash that we have into investment. We heavily invest in the first year with expenses because you have a lot of you have a lot of acquisition cost, and some types of businesses, you have to write-down inventory. You have to take amortization charges. So overall, we take this into account. I think our three-pronged strategy is very, very exciting. We have a great theme in place in each one of our businesses really to execute, really to advance organic growth and, of course, ready to deploy capital on an internal competitive basis because we will go to where the returns are the best.
Operator: We have time for one last question coming from the line of Steven Valiquette of Barclays.
Steven Valiquette: Just really two quick clarification questions here. First, when you mentioned that for 2019 that the guidance assumes that the market trends will be in line with recent history, I just want to confirm whether or not you're referring to the softer trends in November or December in particular. And really without getting at it, if we think about just 2019 overall versus 2018 overall dental market, are you assuming similar trend year-over-year or down year-over-year? I just want to sort of clarify your exact comment around that.
Steven Paladino: Sure. So I would say it's a little bit down compared to full year 2018. It does reflect the most recent history of a little softness in Q4 that continued into January. Again, so hard to tell how -- whether that's an anomaly or whether that's going to stick around for a couple of few quarters. So we're trying to be a little bit conservative to assume that.
Steven Valiquette: Okay, great. And the other one quickly. You mentioned that the $1.1 billion dividend was used initially to pay down some debt. I don't know how current that 8-K was a few weeks ago, but could you give a number how much debt you paid down so far in calendar '19?
Steven Paladino: Yes. We used the entire $1.1 billion to pay down in short-term debt that was floating rate debt. It's not in the 8-K because the 8-K only covers 2018. So the proceeds weren't received until early February of 2019. So it's not in the 8-K.
Steven Valiquette: So you basically used all of it at this point in 1Q '19 to pay down debt? Okay, great.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Okay, good.
Stanley Bergman: So I think we need to end the call because we committed to an hour and we've gone over an hour. Sorry for the length of the initial introduction. But of course, we had to put things into perspective. Let me just close, and I really -- a lot of my remarks were included in the response to the second or the last question -- the second to the last question. We're very excited about the future of Henry Schein. We're in the right spot. Wellness and prevention is important and managing health care costs, managing the wellness of the world population. And so I think we are well positioned, and I think our focus on the human side of wellness and prevention is going to pay off nicely for our investors long term. We continue on our path of success. It's been many years, [indiscernible] as a private company and 24th year as a public company. We have great themes.  We've got good disciplines within the business. And the Medical and dental customers understand us. Our brand is good. We will continue to provide innovative solutions. We do work on this. We dream about this, think about every day, every hour. And the team is really focused on, as I said, wellness and prevention and enabling our customers across the globe to focus and delivering quality clinical care while actually running a good business. Steven and Carolynne are heading to Chicago this afternoon for the midwinter dental tradeshow, which is one of our biggest dental conventions in North America. Unfortunately, I'm not joining them this year as I recently had a back surgery. It was most successful, but my doctor has advised me not to travel by plane for a month. Rest assured I'm going to be working very hard. And I will be at the IDS. There's a meeting in Chicago and Cologne next month. So I'm in good shape health-wise, and you're in good hands with Steven and Carolynne. Please feel free to visit our booth. I'd be happy to also arrange for a tour of certain software systems and other interesting areas of the Henry Schein story. Again, Steven and Carolynne are ready to answer any questions. If you have further questions specifically, try Carolynne Borders or hit up Investor Relations at 631-390-8105. And of course, if you want to get Steven, too, he's available. I look forward to reporting back to you our first quarter results. Be back in May and very, very excited, as I said, about the future of Henry Schein. Our team is enthusiastic. We've got good plans. And last year was a historical year. We made significant movements, and the team is excited about continuing in the direction as we describe. So thank you for your interest.
Operator: Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc. Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc. Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.
Analysts: Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. David Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Steven Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Third Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Clinicia, and thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the 2018 third quarter. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, November 6, 2018. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up during Q&A to allow as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour that we have allotted for this call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Carolynne, and thank you all for joining us this morning. We are pleased with our third quarter financial results which demonstrate, of course, continued solid growth in each of our business groups. We believe that the end markets we serve are stable, in fact, leading to improving and that we have continued to gain market share with our value-added solutions approach to servicing customers. And we believe that we continue to gain market share in all of our business units. We also are pleased with our progress relative to our long range long-term strategic goals with a balance of organic growth, resulting from our consultative approach and close relationship with our customers, augmented by growth from acquisitions. We have a focus on adding a greater proportion of higher margin products across our businesses and deepening the breadth of our value-added solutions across the globe. We are fulfilling these goals with our investment in higher margin dental specialties and software capabilities which we'll talk about more later in the call and, of course, very pleased to answer specific questions. So we continue to believe we have a healthy business. We are well positioned to take advantage of many opportunities we have for investing in long-term growth of the business. The strategic plan, we believe, is the most solid in all this time in Henry Schein's history. And we are confident that we will continue the track record of good planning, good execution as we enter into our 23rd year as a public company. So at this time, I'll ask Steve to review our financial results and to provide some further guidance on the numbers. And then I'll provide additional commentary on our recent business performance and our accomplishments. So, Steven, please.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to all. As we begin, I'd like to point out that I will be discussing our results as reported on a GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis. Our Q3 2018 non-GAAP results exclude certain items that are detailed in Exhibit B of today's press release, which can be found and is available in the Investor Relations section of our website. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. For a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP, again you could see Exhibit B in today's earnings release, as well as it's included on the Investor Relations section of our website. So turning to our results. Our net sales for the quarter ended September 29, 2018, were $3.3 billion, reflecting a 3.8% increase compared with the third quarter of 2017 with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 3.2%. When you also exclude the impact of certain products switching from direct sales to agency sales, our normalized internal sales growth in local currencies was 4.1%. You can see the details of our sales growth on Exhibit A of our earnings news release. On a GAAP basis, our operating margin for the quarter – our third quarter of 2018 was 5.1% and contracted by 170 basis points compared with the third quarter of 2017. However, on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes restructuring costs, transaction costs related to the Animal Health spin-off, as well as the litigation settlement expense, our operating margin was essentially flat on a year-over-year basis. You can see the reconciliation of GAAP operating income to non-GAAP operating income in the appendix and our corporate slide set, which is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website. As we have previously mentioned, we have a continued focus on increasing sales of higher margin products to drive gross margin improvements across all of our businesses. Our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2018 was 19.6%. This compares to 29.0% GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2017. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes certain items detailed in Exhibit B of today's press release, our effective tax rate was 23.2%. And that compares to 29.0% in the third quarter of 2017 also on a non-GAAP basis. We believe our full year 2018 GAAP effective tax rate will be in the range of 24% for the full year. Moving on, our net income attributable to Henry Schein for Q3 of 2018 was $121.5 million or $0.79 per diluted share on a GAAP basis and represents declines of 12% and 9% respectively compared to the third quarter of 2017. However, again, non-GAAP net income attributable to Henry Schein for the third quarter of 2018 was $158.0 million or $1.03 per diluted share. This represents growth of 14.5% and 18.4% respectively compared with the third quarter of 2017 GAAP results. Providing additional detail on our results for the quarter. Amortization from acquired intangible assets was $30.4 million pre-tax or $0.15 per diluted share for Q3 2018 and compared to $29.3 million pre-tax or $0.13 per diluted share in the same period last year. For the first nine months of the year, our amortization from acquired intangible assets was $91.7 million pre-tax or $0.45 per diluted share. I'll also note that foreign currency exchange did not have a material impact on our diluted EPS for the quarter. Let me now provide some details on our sales results for the third quarter. Dental sales increased 2.4% to $1.5 billion with internal growth in local currencies of 3.5%. Our North American internal growth in local currencies was 4.7% and included 4.3% growth in dental consumable merchandise as well as an increase of 5.9% in dental equipment sales and service revenues. Our sales growth was primarily driven by market share gains. Our equipment sales result was bolstered by growth of approximately 23% in the overall high-tech equipment category. A highlight of our dental equipment performance was in sales of total CAD/CAM solutions. Internal sales in local currencies were up 43% in North America during Q3, while digital imaging sales, which includes 2D and 3D imaging, grew by approximately 14%. Also our digital impression scanner sales increased by more than 50% in Q3 for North America. Our international Dental internal sales growth in local currencies was 1.6% and included 3.5% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise. Our dental equipment sales and service revenue declined by 4.2% versus the same period last year. And this is generally due to softer end markets, primarily in Germany. Animal Health sales were $899.3 million for the quarter, an increase of 1.9% with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 1.1%. The 1.1% internal growth in local currencies included 0.4% growth in North America. However, it's important to note when normalizing for the impact of the manufacturer switching from direct sales to agency sales, our North American sales growth was 6.7%. International Animal Health internal sales growth in local currencies was 1.8%. We reported lower sales, primarily associated with the decline in parasiticide sales, as well as clinic visits internationally primarily due to weather. Our Medical sales was $721.9 million in the third quarter, an increase of 4.5% with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 4.4%. The impact from foreign exchange was not material this quarter. The 4.4% growth included 4.4% growth in North America and 5.7% growth internationally. We are pleased with our overall Medical sales results which were primarily driven by solid organic growth from existing large customers. Turning to Technology and Value-Added Services sales. They were $143.9 million in the third quarter, an increase of 32% with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 7.8%. We are very pleased with the strong growth driven by Henry Schein One along with solid organic growth both in North America and internationally. In North America, Technology and Value-Added Services internal sales growth was 7.8% in local currencies, which is the highest quarterly growth rate in more than two years. This growth was bolstered by a sale to the U.S. Department of Defense of approximately $6.2 million, along with strong growth in the financial services business. Our international markets' internal sales growth in local currencies was 7.6% and driven primarily by dental software sales. We continue to repurchase common stock in the open market during the third quarter. Specifically we repurchased approximately 777,000 shares during the quarter at an average price of $78.19 per share or approximately $61 million. The impact of the repurchase of shares for this third quarter was not material to our EPS. At the close of the third quarter, we had approximately $86 million authorized for future repurchases of our common stock. If we take a brief look at some of the highlights of our cash flow. Our operating cash flow for the quarter was very strong at $173.9 million. And that compares to $131.4 million in the third quarter of last year. We continue to believe we'll have ongoing continued strong operating cash flow for the full year. Our previously disclosed restructuring initiatives is progressing as planned and will continue for the remainder of the year. As I mentioned last quarter, this initiative will allow us to execute on our plan to reduce our cost structure and fund new initiatives that we believe will drive future growth under our 2018 to 2020 strategic plan. As previously noted, we expect to record a onetime restructuring charge in 2018 between $45 million and $55 million in total on a pre-tax basis or $0.22 to $0.27 per diluted share. This restructuring charge primarily includes severance, facility closing costs and certain outside professional and consulting fees directly related to the restructuring plan. We plan to provide more detail on anticipated cost savings associated with the restructuring at a later date. I'll now conclude my remarks by noting, we are reaffirming our 2018 non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance range. At this time we are not able to provide estimates for the impact of total costs related to the Animal Health spin-off on a full year basis. Therefore we cannot provide GAAP guidance at this time. Note that the 2018 guidance is based on current revenue recognition standards. Although, the new revenue recognition standard ASC 606 will not have a material change to our earnings results. The 2018 non-GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is expected to be in the range of $4.06 to $4.14 reflecting both the 13% to 15% compared with the 2017 non-GAAP diluted EPS of $3.60. This guidance exclude certain items in 2018 for the year-to-date that are noted in Exhibit B in today's press release and provides a reconciliation of GAAP net income to EPS to non-GAAP net income and EPS. 2017 non-GAAP results excluded costs related to taxes associated with the U.S. tax reform legislation as well as a loss associated with the divestiture of the equity ownership in E4D and certain litigation settlement expenses. We assume in our guidance that the end markets will continue to remain stable and are consistent with current market conditions. The guidance for 2018 diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is for continuing operations as always, but does not include any future potential acquisitions. The guidance also assumes foreign exchange rates are consistent with current levels. I'll also note that, due to the complexities and timing of the planned Animal Health spin-off, we plan to provide 2019 guidance at a later date as some of those uncertainties become clearer. With that, let me now turn it back over to Stanley.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you very much, Steven. Let's review some business highlights for our third quarter 2018. In Dental, we were pleased, actually very pleased with our 4.3% internal sales growth in local currencies in our North American dental consumable merchandise business. This is market driven by growth – this was driven by, to a large extent, market share gains. But the market is growing and actually we believe leading in a positive direction. So one could conclude in our view that the end markets are stable and generally healthy. Our mid-single digit North American dental equipment sales growth was driven by several manufacturers with strong growth in high-tech equipment sales. As Steven mentioned, we continue to see solid demand for the Dentsply Sirona equipment in North America and Europe and in particular in CAD/CAM. We're also seeing good growth with other manufacturing partners with digital prosthetics solutions as many clinics elect to purchase digital scanners to improve imaging accuracy and patient comfort. Sales of these products in North America grew by more than 50% during the third quarter. So, overall very, very pleased with our North American Dental business. As you may recall, in late September we announced investments in three implant companies Intra-Lock, Medentis Medical and Pro-Cam Implants with combined annual sales of approximately $45 million. Intra-Lock offers innovative dental restoration solutions including proprietary surface, connection, biomaterial and small diameter implant technologies, very important addition of products know-how to our overall implant business. With Medentis, we are expanding into the lower priced segment of the dental implant markets. And with our investment in Pro-Cam, CAMLOG's exclusive distributor in the Netherlands, we are strengthening our geographic footprint in Europe. These companies complement our existing solutions for implant based tooth replacement and are expected to broaden our geographic reach, add innovative technologies as noted, enhance our manufacturing footprint and solid our commitment to serve both the value premium and the lower priced segment of the implant market. Related to the dental specialties, we are quite pleased with the reception to our SLX Clear Aligner System which we soft launched in May to the specialist community in North America, that's orthodontic specialty community. And we expect to begin targeting general practitioners in the New Year. This unique solution was designed to reduce overall treatment time while improving practice efficiency. We make it easy for clinicians to submit cases through a broad range of intraoral scanners including our TROIS (20:30), 3Shape, 3M, Planmeca, and CEREC. Generally we're a big fan of open technology. We're in early stages of educating the market on the benefit of our competitive solution and are optimistic that our system will help advance our orthodontic product line over time. And generally, the orthodontic business has been very good at coming out with unique products. Now, let's move on to the Animal Health business. Here we are pleased with the global Animal Health sales growth in the third quarter, particularly, in North America with normalized internal local currency growth of 6.7%. I think it's very important to understand that the Animal Health sales need to be normalized for a switch between regular GAAP booking of sales, agency sales, and back again. And we have provided consistent reporting on this over the years and so I think the 6.7% growth is reflective of our real achievements in the marketplace. We believe our continued solid sales growth reflects a healthy end market and demonstrates that veteran clinics rely on our commitment to offering a wide range of products, software, and value-added solutions for their practices only to be magnified with the merger with VFC, more about that later. Our Medical business also continued to perform well with mid-single digit growth in local currencies, which is above estimated end market growth rates by quite a bit. We believe our Medical business benefits directly from our strategy focused on understanding and meeting the needs of a diverse set of customers ranging from large integrated delivery networks to ambulatory care centers and, of course, the general practitioners. Our go-to-market strategy represents a proven combination to help our customers drive successful patient outcomes, include the promotion of contract compliance, lowering cost, navigating reimbursement, and delivering value-based care. We remain committed to providing the products and services and consulting solutions that help our customers efficiently manage their enterprise. And again, we said this over the years, whether it's large or small, we are ready to provide solutions to our customers and position our customers to best serve their patients. Moving on to our Technology and Value-Added Services businesses. We are pleased with the progress of Henry Schein One dental technology, the dental technology business of Henry Schein One. We see many possibilities to enhance practice success through this unique dental software platform, which delivers one connected technology offering for innovative software, hardware, and services. We are excited about these capabilities working together to enable dental teams to be better business managers, clinicians to be more efficient, and patients to be more loyal to the practice. We, let me stress, are big proponents of open architecture in this space and do all we can to help our customers succeed with whatever technology choices they may have. We recently released Dentrix G7 and Dentrix Smart Image, which is the first significant product release for the Henry Schein One joint venture. Dentrix Smart Image represents the next generation of practice management and imaging software all in an intra-operable way. This product suite received Cellerant's Best Of Class Technology Award, a coveted recognition in the dental community for products aimed at improving digital clinical workflow. Henry Schein One also released enhanced Dentrix service bundles including Optimum Pro for payment management services and Ultimate Service Bundle with demand for some off-site (24:48) solutions, providing enhanced patient engagement and digital marketing capabilities. We launched our online booking for Dentrix and Dentrix Ascend, our next-generation cloud-based practice management system. In addition, we released the Dentrix Ascend Quick Exam module, offering clinical decision support that helps a doctor focus on treatment plans relevant for the diagnosis. This is a first-of-its-kind solution in the dental industry. We're very, very pleased with the progress that the joint venture is making. And the R&D work, development work and the actual introduction of upgrades to the marketplace. Finally, we deployed our cloud-based solution Dentrix Ascend in the UK, expanding its global footprint beyond the U.S. and Australia. As we look ahead, we expect to release the next generation patient relationship management, PRM, platform later in the fourth quarter of 2018, bringing together several PRM solutions in the Henry Schein One portfolio. So before we open the call to questions I would like to offer some perspective on the value-added solutions approach, which is focused on four key elements: education, one; service and support, two; software, three – and innovation, three; and strong customer relationships. This model is one that we believe has worked well for us, withstood the test of time. And as we advance our business will remain as the four pillars of our business, namely education, service and support, software and innovation, and strong customer relationships. Last quarter we discussed examples of the high-touch approach to enabling our customers to provide best quality patient care, while optimizing efficiency in their practices. Today, we'd like to take that step one step further. Henry Schein recently launched our Rely On Henry Schein brand campaign, featuring three dental practices and the unique story that reflect our mission. When we say unique, they're unique to those practices, but are stories that are repeated every day in the dental environment, thanks to Henry Schein. Our unique story reflects our mission to help clinicians be more efficient, more successful, so that they can focus on delivering the best quality care. Visit henryschein.com/relyonus for specific examples of what would argue is the – what we would argue is the invaluable consultation and timely service and support we deliver to our customers. And this is, of course, day-in and day-out. It is really important for our investors to understand the value-added service that we provide to our customers, which is the reason why we have the stickiness and, in the end, the reason why we have gained market share for decades. So this includes our strong crisis support capabilities, including the triage-like response when a practice owned by one of our Canadian customers burned to the ground. And the customers lost all the patient records with no cloud-based backup, as well as losing all equipment office supplies. You will see how we helped establish temporary operating space for this group of doctors and helped them build a new nine – sorry, paperless state-of-the-art facility. When our customer was asked about Henry Schein's role in their recovery, the customer answered, they helped us. Somebody gives you a hand and tells you, when you're all down, come, I'm going to help. You get up. A typical response to a customer – from a customer who was helped in an environment where the customer experienced some form of unanticipated damage in their practice. Next you'll see a fast action from multi-operatory practice in Maryland that had a perfect storm and multiple pieces of critical X-ray equipment failed the same day, causing half of the operatories to be down. Our customer spoke that Henry Schein – of Henry Schein reassuring them and immediately focusing on next steps, including a temporary repair of equipment so that these doctors could still see patients that day and facilitating a quick turn on ordering replacement units. To quote our customers, Henry Schein is the company to go to that offers supplies, tech support and HR support, continuing education. If I had to take the time to research and find the lowest price, it would take manpower and dollars. It's just not worth it. As a clinician, I'd rather spend my time with my patients. Having said that, we believe our pricing is competitive. And therefore the combination of value-added services and solid good pricing is the winning formula as delivered by our highly educated and most efficient sales organization. Finally, in a great example of our day-to-day consulting experience, you will meet a doctor in Queens, New York who relied upon Henry Schein as he concentrated opening a new practice in an emerging underserved location. Our team helped this customer from start to finish, as he built his practice including scouring of sales, of sites, selecting of contracts, the designing of the office, choosing the right equipment, accessing financing and marketing to new patients. The customer knows, dental school does not prepare you for this business – for the business aspects involved in dentistry. He learned as you go. Henry Schein is reliable, it finally helps to have someone to guide you towards what your vision is. We believe our high-touch full-service value proposition makes a difference in the lives of our customers enabling them to focus on our providing quality care. And we think of no better way to convey that message than to have our customers tell their stories in their own words. With that operator, we'd like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc.: Jeff, are on the line?
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I am. Can you hear me okay, Carolynne?
Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yes, now we hear you.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. I'm sorry about that. So a number of questions but let me just focus here on the Dental side and hope the others get picked up throughout the Q&A here. But Steve maybe you could flesh out just a little better what you're seeing in the Dental end market. And if you could provide any color on the specialty market versus the general consumable market, maybe the growth rate you saw in each of those, or in general commentary there that would be helpful.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Sure. I would say that when we look at the North American Dental market, we feel like the market is stable to improving. We saw a really nice consumable sales growth in our North American Dental side as well as very solid equipment sales growth. With respect to dental specialty, dental specialty did grow a bit faster than our overall sales growth for consumables in the mid-single digits. When we look at international, we did see internationally, at least this quarter, some softer markets, especially on the equipment side. We're not sure that it's really a trend. We just think sometimes the ebbs and flows of each quarter, it was just a soft equipment sales market. So we're hopeful that we'll see improvements in the fourth quarter when we see our strongest quarter. So overall, Dental, I'd tell you is stable to improving with the slight exception of international equipment sales.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right. That's helpful. And then maybe if I could follow-up just on the CAD/CAM comments you made on some of those big growth rates. I think last year you said in the third quarter that you saw very little impact in that quarter from your newest CAD/CAM relationship as you were just coming off that meeting in Vegas. So I guess my question is, once you anniversary now starting in fourth quarter kind of into a full relationship or a full year year-over-year relationship with your newest product there. How are you thinking about CAD/CAM growth versus DI growth? Just on a normalized basis kind of how do you see the growth in each of those technologies playing out over the next few years?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Well, we think there's going to be very strong growth in both categories. There are a big part of the market that wants full systems. But there's also part of the market that wants the digital impressioning today because they are transitioning and they can get into CAD/CAM at a lower price and then over time they can get the milling machine. So overall, we feel good about the overall CAD/CAM market for us. And we think it'll continue to be a nice grower for us. But clearly some of these growth rates are impacted by the fact that we took on the Dentsply Sirona CEREC line last year during Q3. Important also to note Jeff that we saw a reversal of digital imaging, we said last quarter that digital imaging was very soft. But this quarter we saw a rebound and we saw very strong growth in digital imaging also.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. That's helpful. Thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question is from David Larsen with Leerink.
David Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC: Hi. For the North America Dental growth rate of 4.7%, I mean, how sustainable are these trends? I mean, they seem very robust to me. What do you think is driving that? And then I'm sorry, I didn't catch the CAD/CAM year-over-year growth rate in the scanners or the CAD/CAM machines. What was that again please?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Sure. Overall CAD/CAM was over 40% growth in the quarter year-over-year. On consumables, David, again we think the market may have improved slightly, but it's slight improvement in the North American consumable market. And really as we've said in the conference call script, we believe that the bulk of the growth is really coming from us executing competition and growing our market share.
David Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. And then what has the market's response been to the deal with Vets First Choice and Animal Health? How do they view the transaction? Do they view it favorably or not? What do they expect to gain from it once the deal closes? Thanks
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: David, I think generally from customers I would say it's overwhelmingly positive. Sales force is excited. At the end of the day in the vets space, the big need is for compliance, in other words with prescriptions issued, in other words making sure prescriptions that are issued are actually used, making sure that prescriptions are renewed. And generally we believe that VFC solution is the best in the marketplace. There are others that have solutions, but no one has the comprehensive offering that they have combined with the practice management systems, the PIMS system. So generally I think it's very well-received. The morale in the company is quite good. It's a massive undertaking internally to separate these companies and specifically the infrastructure in Europe. We're making good progress. The filings have been made with the SEC which responded to first questions. We don't see really much of an issue. And I think generally this is a good strategy for overall Henry Schein. It allows us to focus on human and animal health. And I think for the Animal Health team it provides an opportunity to expand the value-added services in probably a very unique way. I think we have something here that's unique and actually needed by the marketplace both needed by the suppliers and the customers.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: And I would just add on the Animal Health spin, we remain confident that the timing of the spin will be either late this year, very late this year or early in Q1. Again, we're making very good progress in filings and separation agreements and all of that. So everything seems to be on target at this point.
David Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from John Kreger with William Blair.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks very much. Steve, I know you said that the VFC spin kind of prevents you from giving 2019 guidance at this point. But can you maybe just talk a little bit generally if you think about the Dental and Medical businesses in 2019? Would it be reasonable to expect higher or lower growth than what you're generating now? And any kind of early outlook on your ability to drive margin leverage next year in those two businesses? Thanks.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. There's really a lot of moving parts to providing guidance including the exact timing of the spin-off looking at the benefit that we will be receiving, we still haven't fully quantified all of our restructuring costs. There may be some offset in some stranded cost although we don't expect stranded cost to be material. We're still negotiating the TSAs, the Transitional Services Agreement with SpinCo. So that will have some impact. I would say though we still feel with all of those and that's why we elected not to provide guidance because we (39:53) providing guidance. If this happens this is our guidance. If this is the timing, this is our guidance. And we thought, it would be too confusing to do that. So we're just going to wait a little bit longer until there's more clarity on that. With respect to Dental and Medical, we still feel like the businesses are performing well. We feel like top line growth rates should be similar although we are looking at different initiatives as we've said a couple of times and ramping up growth in both our higher margin products and so things like the specialty businesses, things like technology and financial services. So the goal really is to get some margin expansion in next year's guidance. But again, it's premature and I don't want to give guidance before I'm giving guidance at this time.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: But to just follow-up on Steven's point here. It is this gap period until everything is settled down. The big thing is that we don't know when it begins. And we kind of know how many months after it begins it ends. So we're in this period now where we are finalizing putting to bed all the key items in this spin and we just need to settle down for a quarter or two. And then, I think you will see pretty good results. At least, we expect good results from the focus on the human side, medical and dental, prevention and wellness all those areas that we've articulated adding to the value-added service component and of course the higher margin areas in Dental and Medical. And I think on the other side of the ledger the Vets First Choice team are really also poised for good growth. So overall we're very optimistic.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: That's helpful. Thanks. And maybe one quick follow-up. I believe the FTC hearing within Dental took place last month. Can you give us any update on what happened or maybe what the next steps will be in that dispute? Thank you.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Sure. Remember, there are no monetary damages being sought in the FTC dispute. The trial is still ongoing. It's hard to tell how long it will last, it could be weeks, it could be longer. But based on how the trial is going, we feel good about our comments that we feel like we've done nothing wrong. But we still have to wait through the process.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin Ellich with Craig-Hallum.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Stan, I guess, wanted to go back to the strong high-tech dental equipment growth you're seeing in the U.S. Wondering what's really driving that. Is it really the interoperability of the equipment and the new product offering? And then how sustainable is that growth that we're seeing?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: So it's a good question. And yes, you hit the nail on the head. I think – I don't want to go back to far in history but in 1990s we went to the dentists in this country and said what you want to do is put in a PC to help you run a more efficient practice. And we said to them about a decade later what you want to do is you want to put in electronic medical records to help you manage the clinical aspects of your practice more efficiently. And then, if you fast forward that and we went to the dentist about five or six years ago and said what you now want to do is digitalize your practice, change the flow so that you can replace analog with digital dentistry. And my view is that our discussions with the dentists have gained credibility and that more and more dentists are understanding the importance. Of course, we're working with a number of manufacturers in this area that are aligning with Sirona – Dentsply Sirona in advancing the idea of interoperable digitalization of the practice is gaining momentum. I still believe we're in early stages of this. I think, we'll gain even more momentum. First you've got the DI part that will continue to grow. And then the fully integrated system will also gain momentum. One area that I think is not necessarily always understood by investors is the fact that this same exercise is taking place in parallel in the dental labs. And so there's a lot of opportunity there in the dental labs for the digitalization of the labs, interoperability between the labs and the dentists. And this is all an area that Henry Schein One is significantly focused on. So I think the technology will advance. I think that the interoperability will advance. And the overall digital work stream will become far more understood, far simpler to use. And as with any technology advancement, will become part of the day-to-day operations of the practice. We're not there yet. And there's probably 70% of dentists that still haven't begun this journey. And we think we're in the right position to help dentists advance in this journey of interoperable digital dentistry. And are very, very excited that this is a key strategy that we've put in place in our last strategic plan. We executed well and think that there's a huge opportunity for this strategic plan of 2018, 2019 and 2020 to advance on the strategy. Very, very happy with our team and very happy with the attention we're getting in the marketplace, but actually think we're still pretty early in the game.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Okay. That's very helpful, Stan. And then just wanted to switch over to the Animal Health business, kind of, wrapping a question in for Steve. Wondering if you're seeing any increased competition from kind of the online retailers? And any changes from the manufacturers? And then on top of that, when you finish the Animal Health spin, can you remind us what the capital deployment strategy will be from the capital – the cash that you're going to get? What do you plan to do with it, Steve? Thanks.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Sure. So I would say that online players in Animal Health, as well as in other areas of our business, have been in the market. There really is no major changes in the market penetration. They still can't provide a lot of the services and value-add that we provide in Animal Health. So they're out there. But nothing really of a major change. Similarly with manufacturers, I would say that while sometimes manufacturers flip from agency to traditional and vice versa, other than that, really no major changes in the major manufacturers' plans on Animal Health. The last part of your question, so as part of the spin-off, SpinCo will pay a dividend of somewhere between $1 billion and $1.2 billion to Henry Schein. That dividend will be tax free for Henry Schein. So there is no taxes paid on it. We'll use that money initially to pay down our revolving credit facility. There are some restrictions on what can be done with the money immediately. But once we pay down our existing debt, then all those restrictions go away. And we can use it for any purpose. That dividend will allow Henry Schein to have a very strong balance sheet, probably slightly over one turn of debt to EBITDA. And our capital allocation strategy will remain consistent with what you've seen. We'll continue to look to grow the business through strategic acquisitions. And we'll continue to look at opportunities for buying back our stock to return cash on a tax-advantaged way back to our shareholders.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Jonathan Block with Stifel.
Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys, good morning and thanks for taking the questions. Maybe the first one just to circle back to North American Dental, you guys have done a really good job accelerating the North American consumable number to 4-and-change the past couple quarters. Just looking forward, the comp gets more difficult entering 2019. Stanley or Steven, how do we think about that number longer term? I guess do you still think you've got the market share gains? And the market is on better footing where we can continue to see you post that 4% plus handle? Or is this somewhat the beneficiary of an easier comp that we've seen the past couple of quarters? And then I've got a follow-up.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: I'm not sure if it's directly related to the easier comp. I mean every quarter is slightly different. But generally, we're feeling pretty good about the consumable side of our business. I think our model, as we discussed at length in the conference call, of value-added services are really helping the practitioner operate a better business, so that they can provide better clinical care works. The investment in our infrastructure, our e-commerce, Henry Schein One, and the training of our field sales consultants, all of that, I believe, adds to the value we bring to the marketplace and positions us to gain market share. So we can't obviously predict with precision each quarter going forward. But what I think we're pretty comfortable with is that the market is growing slightly. And that we will add to that market growth a couple of hundred basis points each year. And that's sort of been our position for a while. And we remain confident with that, both growing in the small practices, the medium-sized practices, and the large practices. Obviously, we're a bit more bullish – not a bit more, we're quite bullish on the specialty areas. Having said that, the specialty areas will not necessarily contribute to moving the needle significantly on sales, because it's relatively small compared to the entire consumable market but will drive margin as the specialty areas tend to be much more profitable and also will drive connectivity on the sale of equipment and software. So, I think to answer your question, we are quite bullish still on the consumable side, in general consumables. I think there's a big opportunity for us in the specialty areas. These two combined with the value-added services, I think, will increase our overall sales of consumables, equipment, and yes, margin.
Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's a great color and actually a really good segue to my next one which is, you guys have talked recently about some of the company's initiatives for margin expansion. It looks like some of those may have already started to take hold. Your 3Q GMs were up versus the contraction we saw in the first part of the year. So Stanley, are we seeing that starting to flow through the P&L? Or the margin – the GM expansion that we saw specific to 3Q, is that more just the ebbs and the flows? I guess, are you feeling like some of the heavy lifting that the company started to do around gross margins are starting to take hold? Thanks, guys.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. I'm not sure if you could judge each quarter in a standalone segment. Having said that, we feel pretty comfortable that we will continue to drive gross margin, the Henry Schein One opportunity is helpful. The specialty areas are helpful. We made some acquisitions now, some one-time step-up in inventory. If once that flushes through, I think the specialty areas will show increase margin as well on a consistent basis. And so I think and, in general, we are managing our margins as carefully as possible as we have done. So this all adds to margin management. I think that you will see on the expense side also good management. Obviously, the restructuring is helping but at the same time we are investing in technology in the businesses. I don't think we are investing in massive ERP type investments. Having said that, there are parts in Europe, where we are standardizing systems. We are adding a CRM in North America, upgrading what we have. There's a lot of investment going into e-commerce, we're making – we believe we have a very good website already in most countries but we are investing in that area. We've put in a new equipment sales and service system, quite expensive. It's almost installed, very expensive in terms of P&L cost but I think will be very profitable over time as the efficiencies increase in our equipment sales and service network. And I think we will see some pay-off not only because the Henry Schein One margins are higher but because those margins increased as the cloud-based system becomes more popular. So I'm quite bullish about our margins, our gross margins and our ability to leverage a relatively fixed volume of business or a growing volume of business on the sales side with a relatively fixed cost infrastructure or reducing cost infrastructure. So you add all that stuff up and we remain quite comfortable that we can increase gross margins and operating margins. Taking all those factors into account.
Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks, gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question is from Steven Valiquette.
Steven Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question. So you guys highlighted the deals for the dental implant manufacturing asset towards the end of the quarter. Just curious at a high level if Henry Schein overall is making any strategic effort to increase the manufacturing asset mix in Dental and/or Medical which may allow for just more pricing power versus peers, or do you just continue to look at each M&A opportunity on an individual basis without worrying too much about your distribution versus manufacturing mix? Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: We have been very clear as to when we invest in manufacturing. Our focus has been primarily on the specialty areas where our manufacturers have not given us access to lines. We began this process 14 years ago with investing in CAMLOG in advancement of the investment in BioHorizons with some other equipment properties. Likewise on the orthodontic side and on the endodontic side. So there's lots and lots of opportunity on the specialty side in Dental. Similar opportunities although much earlier in the cycle on the Medical side. And those are the areas we plan on focusing on. We will continue to advance our private brand, our generics if you will, but we'll be very circumspect about how we do that. Bottom line is, we have adequate – more than adequate sourcing of products and manufacturers are tending to work with us where we can help them grow market share and where manufacturers work with us and they see the value, there is no real reason to vertically integrate. We'd rather have the manufacturers put the capital to use on the manufacturing and us advance the value-added services and market share for those manufacturers who want to work with us. Having said that, when we cannot access a product, we will make it, whether it's a dental chair that we couldn't access some years back and we brought to market a dental equipment offering. We sold the business. There was no need for that. We couldn't access scanners and digital equipment, aperture equipment. So invested in E4D when we took on the line, the Dentsply Sirona line, we were able to exit that market too. So generally it's a careful balancing of what we need, products we need with opportunities that manufacturers think to us, advancing our private brand with pricing is an issue. And so this is the kind of stuff we've been managing for decades and feel that we can balance the needs of everyone. Our goal is to help those manufacturers that want to work with us succeed and at the same time make sure that every product that dentist may need or physician may need is available through Henry Schein.
Steven Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Just on the implant market overall right now, are you seeing big differences in growth rates in the market between the lower-priced generic implant growth versus the higher end branded? Is there a big dichotomy there right now in growth rates that you're seeing?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: The lower priced is growing in terms of units. But the upper end is doing well. We think that the value upper end is where we need to be. I will say that there are parts of the world where growth is faster, certainly in Asia, the developing world and say in parts of Europe. But setting aside the geographic variations, I would say generally, the higher priced implants where there's a lot more R&D and service behind the product line those are generally doing well. But the clones and the generics are growing and in certain markets slightly more in terms of units. But overall, we believe the impact market, the bone regeneration market, the products around the implant and the equipment focused on the oral surgeon are all good markets and we are doing well. I believe we have the widest variety of products under one roof and we'll continue, I believe, to do very well in these markets. This is a carefully thought-through strategy. There's been building blocks that we've built on for over a decade and pretty comfortable with this marketplace with our management team, we believe we have an excellent management team in this space and continue to be very, very excited about the oral surgery space.
Steven Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: And we have reached the allotted time for questions and answers. Speakers, do you have any closing remarks?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, operator. Thank you very much everybody for calling in. We remain very, very optimistic about the future of Henry Schein, the morale in the company is very good. We have been able once again to develop a very solid strategy for this strategic plan almost one-third of the way through the plan, made some very significant moves. The spin-off of VFC, the Henry Schein One creation, the investments in implants, efficiencies in our systems, adding appropriate senior management, middle management, entry level management where needed. I think the organization is finely tuned to continue to execute on our plans. And so we're very, very excited with where we are and where we're heading. If anybody has any questions, please feel free to reach out to Carolynne Borders and Investor Relations, 631-390-8105. If you want to speak with Steven, Carolynne can connect you through. So thank you very much. And I'm not sure if we're going to any more investor conferences this year, so.
Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc.: We'll be at Credit Suisse on November 13.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: So Credit Suisse November 13. And then we'll be on the West Coast in January. So thank you very much and appreciate your interest.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - VP, IR Stanley Bergman - Chairman and CEO Steven Paladino - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird Ross Muken - Evercore ISI John Kreger - William Blair Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Erin Wright - Credit Suisse Steven Valiquette - Barclays Capital David Larsen - Leerink Partners Jonathan Block - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Second Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, Ray, and thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the 2018 second quarter. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, August 6, 2018. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up during Q&A to allow as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We are quite pleased with our results for the second quarter, which reflects solid revenue growth in general healthy end markets, as well as our continued success in gaining market share in all of our business groups. We are in early stages of executing on our new strategic plan for 2018 to 2020. Yet we're already making solid strides, and expanding our offering of innovative solutions, and extending our value proposition for our customers. We are indeed excited about the potential for our new dental technology joint venture Henry Schein won, which closed on July 1. This joint venture was created to deliver integrated dental technology that combines leading practice management, marketing and patient engagement solutions into one connected management system. Our medical business remains highly relevant, as of course, reflected by our continuous and sustained growth in sales and market share. We are on track with - prepared for the plan you know [ph] of our Global Animal Health business with Vets First Choice, and a combination with Vets First Choice, which will create a new publicly-traded company to be named Vets First Corp. We believe this transaction will unlock shareholder value for Henry Schein shareholders, as Vets First Corp will be well-positioned to achieve a premium market evaluation. In addition, of course, we believe Henry Schein will continue to drive further growth in our leadership positions in our dental and medical businesses as a result of our sharp focus, and of course, increased investment of resources. We are focused on the development of practice management and clinical solutions that are highly relevant to our customers, and we have been successful as a result of our commitment to a high-touch value-added approach, which has advanced our brand equity. We are committed to the strategy in long-term, and we believe it will continue to advance our brand equity, and accordingly, shareholder value. Our strong relevance to our customers also means a continued focus on accelerated innovation within our dental, medical, and animal health platforms, particularly with dental's digital dentistry, and we remain agile embracing an operating culture that is fast. It stays true to our values, and our collaborative and entrepreneurial spirit. With exciting changes taking place for the Henry Schein this year, we are at a pivotal moment as we draw it forward with innovation that we believe distinguishes our go-to-market strategy, and will help our customers operate in more efficient practice. So the practitioners can deliver quality clinical care. I would also note that we are providing more details today on our comprehensive restructuring plan designed to increase profitability by improving business efficiencies, reducing redundancies, and optimizing Henry Schein's infrastructure. Steven will walk you through those details, but first, I would like to comment on why we are undertaking this initiative. If I'm continuing to streamline our operations, we expect to create a leaner organization that will allow us to better serve our customer's rapidly-changing needs and our ability to continue to build shareholder value. These changes are difficult to make. However, we recognize they are necessary to enable Henry Schein to continue to build upon our success as well as to deliver solid long-term financial service to our shareholders. Now, let me ask Steve to review our financial results, restructuring, and guidance. And then, I'll provide some additional commentary on recent business performance and our accomplishments. Steven?
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to all. As we begin, I would like to point out that I will be discussing our results, both on a GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis. Our Q2 2018 non-GAAP results exclude restructuring costs of $14.9 million pre-tax or $0.07 per diluted share as well as transaction cost related to the planned Animal Health spin-off of $7.6 million pre-tax or $0.05 per diluted share. Also, our Q2 2017 non-GAAP results exclude a litigation settlement expense of approximately of $5.3 million pre-tax or $0.02 per diluted share. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business and able to comparison the financial results between periods, where certain items may vary independent of business performance, and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for the corresponding GAAP measures. For reconciliation, see Exhibit B in this morning's earnings release as well as on the Investor Relations section of our Web site. So, now turning to our results, net sales for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 were $3.3 billion, reflecting 8.7% increase compared with the second quarter of 2017 with internally-generated sales growth in local currencies of 4.8%. When also excluding the impact of certain products switching between agency sales and direct sales, which impacts both our animal health and to a lesser extent our technology businesses in North America, our normalized internal sales growth in local currencies were 6.1%. You could also see the details of our sales growth on Exhibit A of our earnings news release. Operating margin for the second quarter of 2018 was 6.1% and contracted by 83 basis points compared with the second quarter of 2017, as a result of the few factors. Our operating margin in the second quarter included restructuring cost as well as the transaction cost related to the planned Animal Health spin-off and the prior year included litigation cost. These three items combined to negatively impact the year-over-year operating margin comparison by 50 basis points. Excluding the impact of these items, our operating margin contracted by about 33 basis points year-over-year. The operating margin in the second quarter was negatively impacted primarily by lower gross margins in North America. We do have as a priority a plan to increase sales of higher margin products to drive gross margin improvements across our businesses. We believe this will enhance our offering with additional technology as well as other practice management solutions while advancing our specialty products businesses, our Henry Schein brand, and our other exclusive products and brands, just to name the few areas of focus. These initiative will take a little bit time and the investment - and investments of the return will be not recognized immediately, but we believe we can make good progress towards these goals this year as we execute on our - by 2018 to 2020 strategic plan. Our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2018 was 24.9%. This compares to 28.7% of our GAAP effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2017. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes the income tax benefits of the restructuring and spin-off cost - our effective tax rate 24.1% and this compares to 29.0% for the second quarter of last year also on an non-GAAP basis. We believe our full year 2018 effective tax rate will be in the 24% range. Moving on, net income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. was $141.2 million or $0.92 per diluted share on a GAAP basis, representing growth of 3.8% and 7% respectively compared to the second quarter of 2017. Non-GAAP net income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. for the second quarter of 2018 was $159.8 million or $1.04 per diluted share. And this represents growth of 14.7% and 18.2% respectively compared with the second quarter of 2017. I'd also like to provide some additional color on our results noting that amortization from acquired intangible assets was $30.2 million pre-tax or $0.15 per diluted share for Q2 2018. And for the first-half of the year amortization from acquired intangibles assets was $61.3 million pre-tax or $0.30 per diluted share. Also note a foreign currency exchange had a positive impact on diluted EPS for the quarter of approximately $0.01 per share. Let me now provide some detail on our sales results for the second quarter. We call that Good Friday sell in Q2 last year compared to Q1 this year which resulted in one additional selling day in Q2 of the current year and several major countries internationally and I'll discuss those details in a moment. Dental sales for the second quarter of 2018 increased 8.4% to $1.6 billion with internal growth in local currencies of 4.4%. Our North American internal growth in local currencies was 5.1% and included 4.7% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise and growth of 6.2% in sales of dental equipment sales and service. The impact on dental consumable merchandise sales growth related to Good Friday was relatively immaterial at approximately 15 basis points. Our International Dental internal growth in local currencies was 3.4% which included 3% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise which was favorably impacted by approximately 1% due to the timing of Good Friday and our growth in dental equipment sales internationally was 4.7%. Our Animal Health sales were $985.9 million in the second quarter, an increase of 10.6% with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 4.4%. The 4.4% internal growth in local currencies included 3.2% growth in North America. However, when normalizing for the impact of a manufacturer switching from a direct to an agency agreement, sales growth was a robust 10.9%. We believe this double-digit normalized sales growth for the quarter reflects a healthy end market. International Animal Health sales growth in local currencies was 5.8% and was favorably impacted by approximately 1% due to the timing of Good Friday. We have a commitment to gain market share to our offering of a wide range of products and providing relevant value-added solutions which is reflected in the continued success of our Global Animal Health Group. Turning to Medical; our Medical sales was $640 million in the second quarter, representing an increase of 7.5% with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 7%. And that 7% included 7.1% growth in North America and 4.9% growth internationally. We are very pleased with our overall Medical sales results, which is primarily driven from solid organic growth from existing large customers. Technology and Value-Added service of sales was $103.8 million in the second quarter, an increase of 4.9% with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 3.0%. In North America, Technology and Value-Added Services had internal sales growth of 1.7% in local currencies, or 2.2% growth when normalized for again certain products switching between agency sales and direct sales. Our international sales of local internal sales growth was 9.3% and was strong across the board, highlighted by double-digit growth in both financial services and dental software revenue. We continue to repurchase common stock in the open market during the second quarter. Specifically, we purchased approximately 744,000 shares during the quarter at an average price of $71.69 per share representing approximately $53 million. The impact of this repurchase on our second quarter results was immaterial. Also at the close of the second quarter, Henry Schein had approximately $147 million authorized for future repurchases of our common stock. If we look at our operating cash flow for the quarter, the operating cash flow was $287.8 million compared to $228.7 million last year. We continue to believe we will have strong operating cash flow for the year. Now I'd like to walk you through some additional details on our plan restructuring. We recently announced this initiative to rationalize our operations and provide significant expense efficiencies. Periodically we look to reduce costs particularly following a number of acquisitions as we have done in the past. Accomplishing this to a coordinated effort is the most efficient meanings to reduce and utilize cost optimization. As we noted last quarter, we looking at opportunities to augment our technology solutions generated improved efficiencies across the business particularly with redundant activities resulting from prior acquisitions. In an asset to create a lean organization there will be some headcount reductions that may also include consolidation of certain warehouse and other activities in order to eliminate such redundancies. Although we always consider what is the benefits significant and up to one of the amount of resource and attention and cost that is associated with these transactions. These actions will allow us to execute on our plan to reduce our cost structure and for new initiatives that we believe will drive future growth under our 2018 to 2020 strategic plan. We expect to record onetime restructuring charges in 2018 of between $45 million and $55 million on a pretax basis or $0.22 to $0.27 per diluted share. These restructuring charges primarily include severance pay, facility closing costs and outside professional and consulting fees directly related to the restricting plan we expect savings from these restructuring initiatives to have an average payback and about 18 to 24 months after the completion of these efforts. I conclude my remarks by noting, raising the bottom end of our 2018 non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance range at this time we are not a able to provide estimates for the impact of total cost related to the planned Animal Health spin off in our 2018 financial results, therefore we are not providing the corresponding GAAP guidance. Note of that 2018 guidance is based on current revenue recognition standards and we do not believe that the impact of the new revenue recognition standard ASC 606 will be material to our results. So 2018 non-GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is now expected to be $4.06 to $4.14. A reflecting growth of 13% to 15% compared with the 2017 none-GAAP diluted EPS of $3.60 and this is versus with our prior guidance of $4.20 to $4.14 per share. The guidance includes costs related to our previously announced one-time cash bonus to slightly designated staff members and excludes costs related to the restructuring and plan spend-off of the Animal Health business in 2018. 2017 non-GAAP results exclude cost related to taxes associated with U.S. tax reform legislation a loss associated with Henry Schein divest mature of the equity ownership and E4D technologies and a litigation settlement expense in 2017. The guidance assumes that end markets remain stable and are consistent with current market conditions. Also our guidance is what continuing operations as well as completed our previously announced acquisitions and does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions. This guidance also assumes foreign exchange rates are consistent with current levels. Following the close of the Animal Health spin off Henry Schein expects to deliver the EPS growth for the remaining consolidated Henry Schein business in the high single-digit to low double-digit percentage range. We expect to update our full-year guidance for the remaining businesses once the spinoff closes, so with that I'd like to turn the call back over Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much Steven. Let's review some business highlights from our second quarter 2018 results. In our general business, we of course are pleased with our 4.7% internal sales growth in local currencies, in our North American general consumer merchandise business. This is the highest quality growth rate since the fourth quarter of 2015. This growth in part reflects a favorable comparison versus the second quarter of 2017. We continue to believe the end market is stable, and we have benefited from market share gains. North America dental equipment internal sales in local currencies grew by 6.2%. General equipment sales growth was solid with a number of our key manufacturing partners in the second quarter of 2018, including Teva, Linmark, and Adec. With respect to dental equipment sales in North America, we continue to make good progress in the second quarter, and have been pleased with the overall product line ramp in the U.S. as part of our strategy to offer our customers a wide selection of choices to meet each of the nation's unique practice needs. Looking at our equipment categories, local internal North American CAD/CAM sales were up 35%. Overall, North American high tech equipment sales were relatively flat, since strong CAD/CAM sales growth was offset by soft digital X-Ray sales, imaging sales, we believe the soft digital imaging sales are primarily due to higher market penetration. Although we expect this market still be a very solid market in the years to come. On a global basis in local currencies, CAD/CAM sales grew by more than 28% that's on a global basis and our dental implants business grew at approximately 5% on an organic basis. Looking at international business, we believe the end markets in Europe including Germany, our largest European dental market are stable. We are benefiting from our dual market approach in offering full service as well as telesales and e-commerce distribution capabilities in many European countries. In understanding the specific needs of our customers with practice size and focus with the general dentists or specialists and delivering solutions for those needs, we create closed relationships with our customers. I think this is such a key component part of our success, and really needs to be appreciated and understood by all of our constituents. In May, we announced the launch of our SLX clear aligner system, and we have been very pleased with the progress today. We just started taking orders towards the end of the quarter, so we are still early in our launch process. But feedback to-date from customers and KOLs, the Key Opinion Leaders, network has been quite positive. The goal of a clear aligner solution is to reduce overall treatment time, while improving practice efficiency. We believe there is significant growing global market potential for aligner products, we see this market are still growing nicely, and we look forward to building our aligner business as we launch our system in the United States to a great extent through the balance of 2018, and we expect to expand in new geographies in the earlier part of 2019. Now, let's talk about the Animal Health Group. We are pleased with the global animal health sales in the second quarter particularly North America with normalized internal local currency growth of approximately 11%. Our team is working diligently to prepare for the spin-off of our global animal health business and the simultaneous merger with their first choice to create and noted earlier in the conversation with First call. While we are working towards the goal of closing money in the calendar 2018 it is possible that the closing may slip into the first quarter of 2019. We believe that first quarter will provide veterinarians with powerful new platform to grow their practices, of course, through improving client engagement, and of course, driving their health care outcomes with paying. Following the close of the transaction, Henry Schein plans to continue to pursue our wide ray of growth opportunities in a broad based dental and medical business. As we implement our 2018 to 2020 strategic plan. Our focus will remain on delivering innovative solutions that enable customers to deliver best quality care while increasing the efficiency of our customer's practices, including driving great a patient traffic and enabling technology and equipment interoperability it's very important. American business also continued to perform well with high single-digit growth in local currencies, our customers are allowed a consultative high touch model which helps they've adapted evolving healthcare environment while remaining nimble and efficient as the enterprises growth. Our strong supplier relationships and supply chain expertise are central to our strategy and have been able to us to grow our America business more rapidly that end market growth. Our success is driven by differentiated strategy including customer segmentation, now you added solutions in our strong brand equity. We have deployed customize account management models to effectively service healthcare systems, ambulatory surgical centers, emergency medical services, urgent care clinics and independent physicians' offices with products, services and yes solutions that are highly relevant to the practice. Moving on to our technology and value-added services business, we're now in early July that we closed on our joint venture to for Henry Schein One which is a new dental technology and service company offering one connected technology platform for innovative software, hardware and services. Henry Schein One is integrating our solutions into one practice management system that connects office technology, office digital solutions are seamlessly integrated, share more data and more at automate more tasks. Our plan is to out of bundle software packages to our customers, starting with implementing demand for office site products into our dentals and easy known software packages. In the coming months we plan to continue to add additional bundle practice management solutions and for example bundling software solutions, such as - for the specialty dental practices. So I would like to spend a few minutes discussing the cornerstone of our strategy and a key differentiator to our business which is our portfolio of value-added solutions. We have received feedback from investors that the investor community would like to better understand what the solutions are comprised of and how these value-added solutions will have impact on our business results. While many competitors seek to compete on low prices only and often with a limited selection of products, we offer competitive pricing while also providing the broadest array of products and solutions and support that help customers operate in more efficient practice that commissions can deliver quality care really, really important strategy that we've had in place for decades and has worked so well for Henry Schein. Our high-touch value-added model is focused on four key elements. Education, service and support, software and innovation and finally strong customer relationships are offering expense beyond supplies and equipment to business solutions, technical service digital technology and practice management and clinical solutions. Our practice management and clinical software capabilities are differentiated by our continued investment in customized tools and investment specific practice challenges, we have an industry leading presence with more than 40% of the income practice group and more than 55% of annual practices in North America using our practice management solutions platform and a significant installed base of many international markets and many of these international markets. This software is in fact bound to efficient practice operations for how the clinical records of processing e-claims for credit card processing inflation reminders. We take a holistic approach to develop the systems, system interoperability the practice to ensure that efficient and seamless end-to-end workflow for instance enterprise is designed to work with more than 40 medical solution software solutions and dozens of equipment suppliers solutions and systems and it also easily shares data with other solutions providers used by practice. Through Henry Schein One, we expect this portfolio for continue to expand and particularly the offering of powerful tools to help the practitioners operate more efficient practice so that the practitioners can focus on providing with best of clinical care. This is across another key elements in our early approach that benefit our connections loyalty program pulling privileges with customers elect to partner with Henry Schein for a majority of their annual consumable merchandize equipment purchase to award our customers with services that are highly valuable to them. In fact, approximately 60% of our North American dental consumer sales including DSO sales are associated with the connections program. Benefits of the program include exclusive discounts with our loyalty program, customers receive exclusive discounts and competitive pricing on consumable merchandize and equipment exchange for volume commitments; really important to understand those often miss, the pricing we give our customers is a real advantage. Guaranteed response fundamental pay generally on service technicians will be made available same-day for emergency repair services for our connections to customers. Customized practice analytics, the data we collect from our practice management solutions we are able to customize reporting based on specific practice operations and help vendors improve efficiency and the cost of key by-products event generate increased patient traffic. Last year alone we have used more than 5,000 of these customers customize report with our dental customers helping better physician, those practices competitively. We're supporting filling analysis, new product procedures such as dental implants, orthodontics and digital prosthetics and enhancing patient communications to name a few. In our services, our elite customers all time and internal VIP account representatives who failed to provide one core convenience to the patient with systems with product needs or across special services. We have over 4200 highly trained field service consultants supported by other 2200 service sales representatives that stay a brisk of market development and 100s of new products, services and technologies that are introduced to the market each year. Our goal is to provide customers with extensive array of consumer momentum, pharmaceutical equipment and value added services from software to financial and office design services all delivering higher level of customized service and support. These field sales consultants are supported by specialist focus on different practice sites, specialties equipments and software and the largest and most effective tele-sales organization in the business. With that, operator, we'd like to open the call to questions.
Carolynne Borders: Ray, let's go ahead and start the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson from Baird. Your line is open. Please ask your question.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good morning, guys, and congratulations on the nice improvement in the dental numbers. Steve, on that dental point, I guess my question is on the general consumable side, any further color you can provide as far as did market strengthened during the quarter, was there any change in DSO versus your private practice business, and maybe any commentary around general consumables versus some of the specialty stuff?
Steven Paladino: Sure. So I don't think the market really changed in any significant way during the quarter. We did take more market share I believe. To be fair, we did have a little bit of an easier comparable last year, but going forward, even post Q2, we did see continued strong revenue growth in the consumable merchandize in North America. So we're executing well. Dental specialties did help a bit, because they were in the mid to high single-digit growth rates. So it was growing a little bit faster than the general consumables. But then again overall I think market is very stable and we are really executing well and taking some market share.
Jeff Johnson: All right. That's helpful. And then as follow-up question, just on the minority interest, you bought out I think the remainder of the vet minority interest shares in a couple of different businesses, when was that complete? Is the minority interest line we thought about $6 million reduction, is that a fair way to think about going forward? And the corollary on that, if it is it looks to me like embedded in your guidance then is that margins may be down a bit still in the second-half of this year. We were thinking they might be closer to flat. So can you maybe help us connect kind of the moving parts there on buying out those minority interests and how to think about margin over the back-half of this year? Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Sure. The benefit from minority interest will be a bit greater in the second-half because it's basically composed of two areas. The first is the Henry Schein Animal Health buyout of the minority interest, which is only a partial quarter benefit because we did it during Q2. I think it's sometime in the April or early May timeframe we did it. We completed it. So, you'll get a full-quarter benefit in Q3 and Q4. And the second piece of it was related to what we did at the beginning of this year, we bought out BioHorizons. So that is the full-quarter benefit in Q2. But we do feel like we can continue to get that benefit again going forward on a full quarterly basis. Margins have a lot of different moving parts. So we may be a little bit lighter than we originally planned on operating margins. But we still feel good with the overall business and the overall growth. And that's why we are raising the bottom end of our guidance.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Ross Muken: Good morning, guys. So maybe on just pricing environment in general, I mean how would you kind of characterize it against the separate sub groups of sort consumables specialty consumables, instrumentation on the dental side? And any notable differences U.S. versus international? Just teasing back to kind of the margin commentary?
Stanley Bergman: I think, Ross, it's fair to say that pricing pressures are there to some extent. Of course, the internet provides a vehicle for an exchange of information. I don't think results involve orders going to online retail as per se. But there is a little bit more openness on pricing. I wouldn't say it's material. But what this does to save time is offer us an opportunity to talk to the customer where price is important in our corporate and other competitive offerings of certain manufacturers. Certain manufacturers are responding generally to the competitive pricing. And this is both in dental and medical. I wouldn't say it's that much in the pharma side of the animal health. But in medical and dental, I think the manufacturers are understanding that in order to maintain or growth their market share, there have to be a competitive way this product that is not really massively innovative. And so - and this is marginal, but I think in the end, as we drive more high margin products and value add services, I think we will continue with expanding our operating margins, of course, in conjunction with the efficiencies that we are bringing to our business driven by an implementation of more technology.
Ross Muken: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of John Kreger from William Blair. Your line is open.
John Kreger: Hi, thanks very much. Stan, can you just maybe go back to the comments you made at the beginning of the call about the new strategic plan for '18 through '20? And just maybe expand on that a little bit to the extent that you are willing. What's new in the plan versus the prior three years? And is there anything specific in there relating to medical since you've made a couple of big moves in dental and animal health? Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, let me just go quickly through the medical. We are - first we are committed to human healthcare essentially from a high level strategic point of view, 18% of GDP is expended on healthcare, two third of that in the non-communicable diseases area which is essentially driven by and can be reduced by wellness intervention program. This has always been at the heart of Henry Schein's medical business. The alternate care environment that displace the wellness and prevention to take place moving out of the hospital the surgery center, and this is an area we expect to continue to advance. Of course, organically we should very good growth there. We have some very good opportunities ahead of us. Sometimes a bit more lumpy, but essentially this business has done well for years now. And we expect it to continue to do well. And inorganically, there are opportunities to add to that platform I think some profitable businesses that service the alternate care site. So we remain optimistic. As far as the strategic plan is concerned, there are three major planks. The first is to continue to drive efficiencies and make our distribution offering more attractive to our customers. I am not sure this is the time to deal with it but because of time. But Carolynne or Steven can take you through the details. There are many many component parts of this. Some are just an extension of what we had in the '15, '16, '17 strategic plan. Other planks are greater focus on new operating, expanding the operating. Of course, I think what is important here is understanding of way technology is heading and how to use to technology in our business. Lots and lots of technological opportunities we can't afford them all, but we have to focus on what is relevant. And I think we have some very, very good plans there to increase the efficiency and the effectiveness of our distribution business. So second is expansion of value added service. I would say a significant down payment of that towards that goal is the creation of Henry Schein One where we are offering not only leading practice management system in this country and abroad but also the demand generation software in combination with a practice management system for small, midsized, large, for institutions, dental schools. And the goal here at the end of the day is to increase efficiency in the practice, help with clinical services, make it more efficient and drive traffic into the dental office. So that's a key part of second strategy but also a huge number of value added services that we will be expanding on or that we are doing to continue to expand on and add to in the years to come. And the third is advancing our brand equity. We think the Henry Schein brand is well known. It's trusted. We think we can advance in that regard on our private brand other exclusive products and in particular on the specialty side where we have made some terrific advancements on our own brand products either with manufacturing on behalf, or we where we are vertically integrate. So, lots of opportunities in advancing high margin products under our own brand or brands that we have a control over as well as exclusive. And we are working with many manufactures in that regard as well the whole brand equity strategies of attraction to many manufactures. So it's those three areas advancing the core distribution business, focusing on value added services and advancing our own brand strategy. None of these are new strategies. These have been put in place several years ago. And it's a matter just advancing and providing significant focus which is the reason why we believe we need to spin off the animal health business which had a different need for focus different concepts, different opportunities. And with the cash we are going to generate from that spin off, we will be able invest in both the Animal Health and Medical and the Dental business on a global basis.
John Kreger: Very helpful. Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich from Craig-Hallum. Your line is open.
Kevin Ellich: Thanks for the taking the question. Stan, just wanted to follow up on that. I mean clearly with one and a quarter billion dollars which area seems the most effective in medical or dental? And would that be domestic or global? And then for Steve, Animal Health business remains very strong, can you give us a little color on the competitive landscape and did you say that it could - the spin-off could slip into early 2019?
Stanley Bergman: Thanks, Jeff. The first question, what we can do with the money? So what we will do with the money will be very, very simple; similar to what we've done in the past. Some of it will go towards buying shares back. That's the way we return cash to our investors, it's worked out very well for us, it's relatively cash-free - cash effective way of getting cash into the hands of our shareholders, and as I said, it's worked well. The remainder, there will be a little bit that goes into working capital, but I don't think much, because we expect to be significantly cash flow positive. So the majority will go into investing, and investing only based on strategy opportunity, but also the best return on investment opportunities in the short to medium term. I would say this would be in the medical and dental space, geographic expansion, greater market penetration on the distribution side, value-added services, for sure, we think that the Henry Schein One platform presents huge opportunity to expand our presence in the digital community, specifically in regards to getting patients into the dental office. We have a small dental plan already in there. We think we can add to that and a number of software and other opportunities as they relate to the software area. But then, and of course, the specialty area as well, and adding to that specialty platform, areas that although we may sell the products, whether it's medical orthopedics or diagnostics or specialties like dermatology, which is doing well, aesthetics, and greater variety of products, specialty houses to the platform, the opportunities are endless. And the question is focus as our Vice Chairman, Jim Breslawski always says, we could do anything but not everything. And so, we will be focused on the most strategic but also on the most accretive opportunities for the short to medium term.
Steven Paladino: Just on the second part of your question, Kevin, so no real significant changes in the competitive landscape that are going to people's attention. And the second part of your question on Animal Health, we did say that it is possible that the spin closes in early Q1. We are still shooting for late Q4 closing. The thing that we really can't predict with great certainty is how long it will take the registration statement to go through SEC and how long it will take to respond to whatever comments the SEC has. And that's why - because we can control that, and that could be a reasonably short process or a longer process depending on the questions and comments. So for that reason, we say it's possible, it could slip into Q1.
Kevin Ellich: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erin Wright from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Erin Wright: Great, thanks. In Animal Health, did you see an incremental impact at all from weather-related items, I guess, in the quarter from the delayed flee and tick season, should we anticipate continued strength in the third and fourth quarter, if you could give us a sense of the quarterly profession and the underlying demand trend you're seeing that would be great. Thanks.
Steven Paladino: Sure. Probably we had a little bit of help given the warm climate in parts of the country, but what that does is it typically means that the flee and tick season is the longest season that is starting earlier. So hopefully that helps a little bit. But overall, we still feel good about the end markets and our ability to gain market share in Animal Health, and the flee and tick season will continue in Q3 and a little bit into Q4.
Erin Wright: Okay, great. And then, on clear aligners, in particular, can you just speak to kind of the opportunity, how you kind of stack-up related to the competition there and then what sort of contributions are embedded in your expectations near-term, or is it more of a longer-term contributor? Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Right. Erin, we're not providing specific guidance, nor we're contemplating significant profits in the near-term. This is a launch of our new products offering, which is based on the technical first motion 3D system. It uses a unique combination approach with an intuitive and supplied treatment process, whether from minor crowding or cases requiring more extensive work to correct the issues. Our system addresses the correction upfront with the motion 3D system, a three to four month process before the aligner is introduced. As a result, we believe fewer aligners are needed, so this is part of a comprehensive solution, and we believe it's a competitive solution, some of which requires - very often 60 to 86 set of aligners for complicated case versus ours, which we believe will be 20 to 30. And we believe ours is competitively priced. The bottom line is it's a new idea, it does use aligners, we believe we have a significant number of KOLs that are supporting this. It's been well-received, but it is just one product offering, one value-added solution within hundreds within Henry Schein. We're very optimistic. Orthodontic team are highly capable, highly qualified, they are with us for a long time. So we're not giving projections right now, but are very enthusiastic that our whole orthodontic offering - as part of our general specialty offering of implants and bone regenerations and endo will continue to move along in a nice way, and is the basis - in general the basis for our statement that we'll be moving to more over time to more high margin products that I think will provide greater stickiness to our customer base. So, no specifics on contribution of profits, we're just excited to launch, and extremely happy with the reception that our orthodontic team have received from the KOL network. But remember it's not a pure a aligner product, it's a combination product that we believe will in the end be very effective and will continue to be well-received as more patients use this product.
Erin Wright: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette from Barclays. Your line is open.
Steve Valiquette: Great, thanks. Good morning, Stan and Steve. So couple quick ones here, you mentioned 18 to 24 month pay back on the new restructuring once completed; I guess just to clarify, are you able to comment on whether you're capturing any material benefit from restructuring in the back-half of 2018 in particular? Does it have a positive impact on the 2018 non-GAAP EPS guidance?
Stanley Bergman: Yes, on that, there will be some benefit we believe, but it's a little early for us to quantify the benefit that will be in the second-half, because again the completion and the timing of those activities is still being calculated. But we do expect some benefit in the back-half of the year as well as going forward. And it has very attractive returns even at the high-end of 24 months still very attractive returns, and it's important for us again to do a combination of lower the cost structure as well as free-up follows for alternative investments.
Steve Valiquette: Okay. And then just a quick gross margin question, the commentary hasn't really been consistent over time, at least from some of your competitors on whether the dental gross margins are higher on consumables versus dental equipment, just remind us where you shake out on that comparison again, just without giving a specific numbers, but just which ones higher versus the other, it seems like the commentary is kind of been mixed over time and throughout the industry, but just curious where that stands for you guys today. Thanks.
Steven Paladino: Yes, for us, we have been consistent. Our gross margins are higher on the consumables and equipment. They're both very good gross margins, but relative to each other the consumable's a bit higher. So I'm not sure what you're hearing from other industry sources but we consistently said that.
Steve Valiquette: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Larsen from Leerink. Your line is open.
David Larsen: Hi, congrats on a good quarter. Can you talk a bit about your plans to drive higher gross margin like in sell of Henry Schein brand products, some tech investments in other areas. Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Sure, David. Thank you for your question. I'll give you some high-level and maybe Steven can provide more color. First of all, it follows really our strategic - the three kinds of our strategic plan; on the distribution side, the goal is to move to high value products. There are some branded manufacturers working with us, some private brand manufacturers working with us, in other words, not valid for the customer our products where we are receiving manufacturer support and driving margin at the same time, driving efficiencies in the business to drive up the - drive down the cost and drive up the operating margin. So, all of that does include the bucket. The second bucket of course is our value-added services. And on the dental side, a huge focus on Henry Schein One; this team has been busy now for over a year working on integration or the plans for the merger, and now the integration, had not been focused on sales much, they've not been focused hugely on margin management, they are not bringing this significant integration into play. Just with the team last week and it's really exciting, the opportunities to use AI, Big Data, Small Data, some call it, to advance the practice to drive demand for dentistry, working of course with the Internet brands, ownership of WebMD, all very, very exciting opportunities that will drive sales stickiness, but high margin. I think we've indicated in prior press releases that we expect over the next two to three years to generation $20 million.
Steven Paladino: $20 million to $30 million.
Stanley Bergman: $20 million to $30 million of increased profits in this business; our team is very optimistic. And then, the last, the third bucket is our own brand, which includes of course the private brand. And then in the specialty areas, where we manufacture products, but also have products manufactured for us. We are doing quite well in the implants area, we expect to do - there are some strategic additions to that platform hopefully in the not-too-distant future, both in implants and bone regeneration areas. We are doing very well in those two areas. On the endodontic side, bringing innovation to market, but also having a very good position in the lower price also a good product, more generic endodontic treatment arena, lots of opportunity there. And then the orthodontic space as we described with aligners, but also with our core orthodontic offerings, which had really done very, very well from an innovative point of view, and are now gaining market share in this country, and we expect growing market share abroad. So you all add all of that together and that's what's going to drive, but of course, that brings us altogether across the company is the advancement of digital technology interoperability, bringing all three businesses together, lots and lots of opportunity to really have a one-stop-one-Henry Schein-solution to our customers that I think will drive out margins. And also, the connection between our dental business and our medical business in advancing our wellness and prevention should all in the end drive out margin. This is a carefully thought out plan, no difference of previous years or previous strategic plans, and we will execute piece-by-piece and expect to continue as we have for the past 23 years as a public company driving up sales, operating margin, EPS, and yes, cash flow. Steven, anything to add?
Steven Paladino: Yes, I think you covered it pretty fully. The only thing maybe I'll add is on the Henry Schein One. Those synergies that we noted, $20 million to $30 million by the end of the year three, synergies are very high percentage of those, revenue growth and getting a deeper adoption of some of the services on to our software use of platforms, so that will drive higher revenue growth within the technology segment as well as higher margins as those products get adopted. And similarly on the specialty products, we are growing the specialty products faster organically than the non-specialty products as we just talked about earlier on this call, plus there is opportunity for inorganic growth from time-to-time in the specialty area. So we feel good about continuing to move the mix towards higher margin products. We recognize that that's important for our overall financial model. So those will be only few comments I had in addition to you, Stanley.
David Larsen: Thank you, Steve.
Stanley Bergman: Thanks for the question, David.
Operator: We have time to take the last question from the line of Jon Block from Stifel. Your line is open.
Jonathan David Block: Hey, guys. Good morning. I appreciate you taking the questions and fitting me in. Maybe two; first one, I'm going to actually attack on Steve's earlier question on dental gross margins, I know you said consumable higher than equipment, but can you comment on call consumable specialty versus at a basic, just curious because it does look like specialty has been and may continue to just grow faster than basic. And then, I've got a quick follow-up.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. The specialty margins are very, very good, especially in more matured businesses; for example, our implant businesses are quite profitable, and expecting to become even more profitable over time, we are investing - have continued to invest heavily in expanding the platform inorganically and through more efficient production capability. So I think that's an area that has done well for us. The endodontics is more profitable and also not as profitable as the orthodontics, but much more profitable than the core distribution of dental products in general; lots of opportunity there. And orthodontics was relatively early in the game, but the profits are pretty good. We will not say, "Early," we had been the businesses for about a decade, but we had really seen the benefits from our adjustments in terms of management KOLs in the last few years, but the margin is good and is expected to be greater. So on balance, this is the business that is much more profitable; the specialty areas and our core business. Having said that, remember, a key part of our core business is also to sell traditional products to those specialists. And that is also a profitable business. And generally those specialists have a bigger wallet to spend money on - for example, equipment, and yes, software, and then I would add one other thing, we are also advancing our software businesses in these areas. We announced - still they're not closed - our investment in very successful orthodontic software business I believe that has the largest installed base of orthodontic software to supplement our endodontic; very good installed base, I think the largest, and likewise with oral surgeons.
Jonathan David Block: Got it, very…
Steven Paladino: Jon, just one other comment, I just want to make sure if I understood your question; my comments on gross margin has been higher on consumables. It's true even after you exclude specialty product. It becomes greater on the gross margin benefit, or it's true even excluding these specialty products.
Jonathan David Block: Got it, very helpful. And a follow-up, Steven for you is, can you just talk about at a high-level where the margin compression maybe coming from. And I'm just curious because the 6.1 adjusted internal growth was one of the stronger numbers in a while, and then you also had some of the higher margin dental consumables that came back this quarter. So wondering if you can call out a division or an area where some of that year-over-year margin impression came from? Thanks, guys.
Steven Paladino: Sure. Well, clearly it's on the gross margin side. And there are couple of factors that we are continuing to invest in as we get future growth that goes into gross margins. So for example, on equipment gross margins, our service technicians that due to repair and installation of equipment is shown - that expense is shown as part of cost of goods sold. And as we make investments to expand the capabilities, especially since we expect to significantly grow our equipment, that's having some impact on the dental equipment gross margins. Similarly, in our technology business, support - technical support for technology is a significant portion of technical support that is also part of cost of goods sold in the technology business. And again, as we make investments in that area, in anticipation of the ramp with Henry Schein One, you are seeing some impact on those two areas. You have to make the investment price to the actual sales coming. So that's why you are seeing a little bit of the impact on the lower margin this quarter. And hopefully that will be very success as we get additional volume in future quarters.
Jonathan David Block: Very helpful, guys, thank you.
Stanley Bergman: So, Operator, I think we need to end the call now. So let me make some closing comments. We are of course pleased with our results for the first-half of 2018. We continue to advance our intellectual capital and the value-added solutions that we offered to our customers. And I would say driven by a highly motivated team Schein, spent a lot of time in the field in the last quarter, from Asia to Europe to North America, and our outside morale is really good. This is a key differentiator in our go-to-market strategy. The fact that our team is so highly motivated in advancing plans to improve on our customers, practice efficiency, provide them with tools, to provide better clinical care, and our customers rely on us as trusted advisors to understand their challenges and pain points. We are offering practitioner solutions and services to really help them management practice and achieve their goals. We have a lot of exciting strategic initiatives underway. As part of our three-year strategic plan, I believe we are highly focused; the team is motivated as I said, and I believe we are well-positioned for another successful three years to execute another successful strategic plan. So, thank you for joining us. Thank you for your interest in Henry Schein. If you any further questions, please feel free to contact Carolynne Borders, in Investor Relations, at 631-390-8105. Steven is also available at 631-843-5915, and looking forward to speaking to you again when we report our third quarter numbers and results performance in November. So, have a good rest of the summer. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc. Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc. Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.
Analysts: Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC David Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore Group LLC Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Steve J. Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc. Stephen Hagan - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein First Quarter 2018 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a Q&A, question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Cyressa, and thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the 2018 first quarter. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. The content of this conference call contains time sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, May 8, 2018. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up during Q&A to allow as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for the call. With that I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. The start of 2018 has been a tremendously busy and really such an exciting time for Henry Schein and our business continues to perform well with solid sales results. We recently announced two very important transactions that refine our strategic plan to position the company for long-term growth and support the evolution of the business. We expect these actions will build shareholder value for years to come. These are two transformational transactions that we really believe will have lasting impact, positive lasting impact on the company's future. The first was the announcement on April 3 regarding Henry Schein's dental technology joint venture named Henry Schein One created to deliver integrated dental technology to help the proficient improved practice management and marketing as well as patient communication. This transaction is expected to close later this quarter and we are very excited about the added benefits we can deliver to our customers who seek to build workflow efficiency and bring patients to their practices for treatment generating growth opportunities for our business. The second important transaction we announced is an agreement to spin off Henry Schein's Animal Health businesses as a separate public company which will then merge with Vets First Choice to create Vets First Corp. This combined company will be a new global leader in animal health. This transaction brings together the power of data analytics, digital communications, practice management software and supply chain expertise into a multi-channel platform. Vets First Choice will serve as an end-to-end solution to drive improved financial and health outcomes for the over 80,000 animal health practitioners – practices, shall we say, worldwide, and will offer veterinarians new services and solutions to deliver high quality care to their patients and enhance the economics of their practices. Ultimately, we believe this will help clinicians achieve better outcomes for their pet patients, compete more effectively and improve practice efficiency. We believe the spin-off and the merger will unlock shareholder value for both Vets First Corp and Henry Schein by positioning each company for above market growth allowing for streamlined focus and enhanced capital allocation. For Vets First Corp, we expect synergies driven largely by accelerated revenues from the adoption of the Vets First Choice platform across the Henry Schein health customer base. More specifically, Henry Schein Animal Health and Vets First Choice expect synergies to grow annually. So that's in year three, synergies for the combined businesses will be in excess of $100 million in operating income. Of course for Henry Schein, this transaction will enable us to drive new opportunities for growth as we increase our focus on helping dentists, dental laboratories, and physicians operate more efficient practices, so practitioners can deliver quality clinical care and advanced wellness and prevention. We will continue to provide innovative solutions through our high touch value added solutions model for our Dental and Medical customers across the globe. The correlation between good oral care and good health care in general lends itself to the focus on both our Dental and Medical customer bases as we advance a one-Schein strategy across the entire human spectrum of health care. In line with this, we expect to deliver EPS growth for the remaining consolidated business once the transaction closes later in the year and we expect this to be in the high-single digit to low-double digit range. We are excited about the significant opportunities Henry Schein's Dental and Medical businesses will generate as we implement our 2018 to 2020 strategic plan. Building upon our long history of successful reinvention, the company will continue to expand our offering of innovative solutions for our Dental and Medical customers. Really very, very exciting times. These two transformational transactions one, helping to advance Henry Schein Dental and Medical strategy, and the other to advance our Animal Health strategy in a spin-off company that will merge with a leading solutions company to create really exciting opportunities for the Animal Health business as well. So I'll now hand the call over to Steven to review our financial results, and then I'll provide some additional commentary on our recent business performance and accomplishments. So Steven, please.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to all. As I begin, I'd like to point out that I will be discussing our results as reported on a GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis. Our Q1 2018 non-GAAP results exclude restructuring costs as well as specific transaction cost related to our recently announced Animal Health spin off and merger with Vets First Choice. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance, and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for the corresponding GAAP measures. You can find a reconciliation in Exhibit B that was issued in this morning's earnings release and in the Investor Relations section of our website. Turning now to our results. Net sales for the quarter ended March 31, 2018 were $3.2 billion, reflecting a 10.2% increase compared with the first quarter of 2017. Internally generated sales growth in local currencies was 3.8%. When also excluding the impact of certain products shifting between agency sales and direct sales, our normalized sales growth was 4.9%. You could also note the sales growth details that are contained in Exhibit A of our earnings news release. Our operating margin for the first quarter of 2018 was 6.4% contracted by 23 basis points compared with the first quarter of 2017. And that reflects a few different factors. The first relates to the inclusion of restructuring costs as well as the transaction costs related to the spin-off of our Animal Health business. These two items combined negatively impacted our operating margin by 23 basis points. The second relates to the impact of the previously announced one-time cash bonus for certain designated staff members which negatively impacted our operating margin by 10 basis points. Third, acquisitions completed during the past 12 months and the related expenses as well as the impact of sales switching between agency and direct sales combined to negatively impact the operating margin by 8 basis points. If you want to exclude the net impact of these three items, our operating margin expanded by approximately 18 basis points on a year-over-year basis. I'm pleased to note that we reported lower year-over-year expenses as a percentage of sales as we continue to realize operating efficiencies from restructuring efforts. We will continue our commitment to improve efficiencies across the businesses that we expect will drive long-term earnings growth. If you look at our reported GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2018, it was 24.7% which compares to 20.7% in the first quarter of 2017. This increase was due to the lower benefit from stock-based compensation related to ASU 2016-09 as we mentioned would be the case during our Q4 earnings call. We believe our full year tax rate will be in the 24% range going forward. Moving on, net income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. was $140.2 million or $0.91 per diluted share on a GAAP basis, representing a decline of 0.4% and an increase of 3.4%, respectively, compared to the first quarter of 2017. Note that these results include the impact of approximately $0.02 related to the one-time cash bonus for certain designated staff members. Excluding the restructuring and transaction costs related to the spinoff and merger of Animal Health, adjusted non-GAAP net income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. for the first quarter of 2018 was $145.9 million or $0.95 per diluted share. This represents growth of 3.6% and 8.0%, respectively, compared with the first quarter of 2017. I'd like to provide some additional color on our results. Amortization from acquired intangible assets was $31.3 million pre-tax or $0.15 per diluted share for Q1 2018. Also, foreign currency exchange had a positive impact on diluted EPS for the quarter of approximately $0.03. Let me now provide some detail on our sales results for the quarter. I would note that the timing of Good Friday in Q1 resulted in one less selling day in several major countries internationally. I'll discuss that change in more detail in a moment. It's important to note that last year Good Friday was in Q2, so this is a timing impact which will reverse next quarter. Our Dental sales for the first quarter of 2018 increased 10.2% to $1.5 billion, with internal growth in local currencies of 2.9%. North American internal growth in local currencies was 3.1% and included 2.7% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise. The impact on dental consumable merchandise sales growth related to Good Friday was relatively immaterial at approximately 15 basis points for the quarter. Our North American dental equipment sales and service internal revenue grew by 4.4% in local currencies and that follows a strong result in the fourth quarter of 2017 when we reported sales growth of 18.1%. International Dental internal growth in local currencies was 2.6% and included 2.4% growth in dental consumable merchandise. The impact from the timing of Good Friday on international dental consumable merchandise sales growth was approximately 1%. Also, our growth in dental equipment sales and service revenue was 3.1%. Animal Health sales were $919.8 million for the first quarter, an increase of 13.1% with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 3.6%. The 3.6% internal growth in local currencies included 3.7% growth in North America. However, when normalizing for the impact of a manufacturer switching from direct to an agency sales agreement, sales growth was a robust 11.6%. We believe this double-digit normalized sales growth for the quarter reflects a healthy end market and our commitment to offering a wide range of products and value-added solutions. International Animal Health sales growth in local currencies was 3.4% and was also negatively impacted by approximately 1% due to the timing of Good Friday. I would note that the growth of 3.4% was also against a tough comparison last year where we reported internal sales growth of 8.9%. Our Medical sales were $640.4 million in the first quarter, an increase of 6.9% with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 6.4%. The 6.4% included 6.7% growth in North America and a 3.1% decline internationally. We are very pleased with our overall Medical sales results, which again was primarily driven by solid organic growth from existing large customers. Organic growth also benefited from increased patient traffic due to a strong flu season. If we look at Technology and Value-Added sales, they were $112.4 million in the first quarter, an increase of 6.1% with internally generated sales growth in local currencies of 2.9%. In North America, Technology and Value-Added Services had internal sales growth of 1.7% in local currencies, or 2.2%, when normalized for certain products switching between agency sales and direct sales. Growth was primarily impacted by lower unit sales in the quarter. In international markets, local internal sales growth of 9.3% was strong across the board highlighted by double-digit growth in both financial services and veterinary software revenue. I'd like to mention that our stock repurchase program, we did not purchase any common stock in Q1 as a result of a blackout period related to the spin-off and merger of our Animal Health business. I'd also like to point out that we are still committed to a balanced capital allocation approach to building shareholder value including stock repurchases which we expect to resume during the year. At the close of the quarter, we had about $200 million authorized for future repurchases of our common stock. Looking at some highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow, the operating cash flow for the quarter was negative $70.9 million, which compares to negative $52.6 million in the first quarter of last year. It's important to note that our first quarter cash flow is typically negative due to seasonality in working capital during the quarter. We continue to believe we will have strong operating cash flow for the year. We expect that the capital from the spin-off and merger, when available later this year, will be between $1 billion and $1.25 billion in cash on a tax-free basis and will be used for general corporate purposes including share repurchases, paying down debt and M&A activities. Note also that as part of the spin-off and merger transaction and prior to its completion, we expect to buy out the minority interest in our U.S. Animal Health business for approximately $365 million. Turning to the restructuring, during last quarter's earnings call, we noted that we plan to undertake a restructuring effort in 2018. We have begun some initial activities which are reflected in our first quarter results. However, we are still in the planning phase and therefore, we expect to provide more specific information on the magnitude of this restructuring program later this year. At a high level we are looking at opportunities to augment our technology solutions to generate innovative customer solutions and services as well as improved efficiencies across the business, particularly with redundant activities resulting from prior acquisition activity. We may consolidate certain warehouses where there is an overlap; however, there's a great deal of analysis that is required before we can provide specific details on the estimated cost as well as the estimated benefits related to the restructuring. Periodically we look to reduce cost particularly following a number of acquisitions as in the past, and accomplishing this through a coordinated effort is the most efficient means to realize cost optimization. I'll conclude my remarks by noting that excluding costs related to restructuring and spin-off and merger of the Henry Schein Animal Health business, today we are affirming our prior 2018 diluted EPS guidance. At the same time, we are not able to provide estimates for the impact of the restructuring costs or spin-off and merger costs on a full year 2018 basis. So diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein Inc. is expected to be $4.03 to $4.14 for 2018. That is reflecting a growth of 12% to 15% on a non-GAAP basis compared with the 2017 non-GAAP basis of diluted EPS of $3.60. Our guidance includes the impact of approximately $0.02 related to the previously announced onetime cash bonus for certain designated staff members, but does exclude the cost related to restructuring as well as the spin-off and merger costs related to our Henry Schein Animal Health business. Our guidance assumes that end markets remain stable and are consistent with current market conditions. And guidance for 2018 is for continuing operations as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions but does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions. We also would expect to update our full year guidance for the remaining business once the spin-off and merger of the Animal Health business closes. This guidance also assumes foreign exchange rates are consistent with current levels. Lastly, we believe there are no material impacts to our 2018 results due to the new revenue and sales pronouncement and the adoption of ASU 2014-09 revenue from contracts with customers. With that I'd like to turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Steven. Let's review some business highlights for the first quarter 2018. We are most pleased with the financial results for the quarter and actually in all of our business units. Our track record of delivering solid organic sales growth demonstrates not only healthy end markets, but also our ability to execute on our goal of continued gains in market share across the board and in all of our businesses. In fact, on a normalized basis, our quarterly organic growth rate has ranged from 4% to 6% for the past three years. We believe this execution is directly tied in to our high touch value added solutions business model. In our Dental business, North American dental consumable merchandise internal sales growth in local currencies continue to be solid up 2.7% year-over-year. Keep in mind this growth was negatively impacted by approximately 15 basis points due to the timing of Good Friday. The end market has been relatively stable now for almost two years with no material deterioration that we can detect. Henry Schein has done well and continued to gain market share. As mentioned, our international dental consumable merchandise sales growth of 2.4% was negatively impacted by approximately 1%, 100 basis point due to the timing of Good Friday. While our current guidance assumes stable end market conditions, we are optimistic that favorable macroeconomic factors including low unemployment and solid consumer confidence will lead to improving unit growth over time in North America. Ensuring that we are well positioned to take advantage of this anticipated growth is key, and we believe we have the right strategy and the right set of products, solutions, support, and actually the right priorities to continue to execute on our plans to grow our market share and accordingly, our profits. We reported solid dental equipment internal growth in local currencies of 4.4%. As Steven mentioned in the fourth quarter of 2017, we had strong sales growth in dental equipment of over 18%. We reiterate that that's the 18% that in our last conference call could not be assumed to continue at that rate. Having said that, we believe that our 4.4% growth was quite solid for the first quarter. We believe the equipment market in North America is healthy and we expect dentists to continue to invest in their best practices turning to Henry Schein for a wide range of solutions from our broad manufacturing partners. This is particularly true as practices increasingly look to us to help them adopt technology aimed at driving workflow efficiencies so that, of course, in the end they can see more patients. More efficiency in the practice results and lower cost, but also, more importantly, better quality of care. And so the whole technological movement in workflow in the dental marketplace is an area we've been focusing on for several years now and is helping us continue to grow nicely as we gain market share. Of course also, these are fast growing categories. Our new relationship with Dentsply Sirona in the U.S. continues to be positive, but also, let me remind investors we also had solid sales with several of our other dental equipment suppliers. In quarter one, we recorded mid-single-digit growth in traditional equipment sales and double digit growth in sales and CAD/CAM solutions. So two of the three major categories did well for us in the first quarter and that was on the heels of a really tremendous fourth quarter of 2017. Let's turn to Europe for a minute. Regarding Europe and Germany in particular, we believe pricing transparency pressures have stabilized. We expect to continue to enhance the Value-Added Solutions we operate in overseas markets, which help to create closer relationships, more bonded relationships between Henry Schein and our customers. Keep in mind that not all Value-Added Solutions can be rolled out in Europe immediately. In fact, we have many of these value-added services firmly embedded in most parts of Europe, but our goal in Germany is to continue to advance, in particular, Germany, our Value-Added Solutions. Some of these require investment and careful planning and may take several quarters, and in some cases a year or two to fully implement. That said, we expect to make continual progress in our introduction of these services. We have a well established proven model for our Value-Added Solutions platform, so we know what the customers require and how to build out this portfolio of solutions. So very, very pleased with the performance in North America and in the international businesses. And particularly I think we showed good results in sales in Europe and believe that we will continue to do well in the European markets. Before we move on to Animal Health, I would like to draw your attention to an important announcement we made at the American Association of Orthodontists meeting this past week where we introduced our new SLX Clear Aligner solution entering the rapidly growing market for orthodontic aligners. Our Sagittal First/Motion 3D system uses a unique combination approach. It addresses bite correction first with a Motion 3D system before aligners are introduced to the treatment process. As a result, we expect that the patient will require fewer number of aligners than if using an existing solution. The SLX system can also be used as a standalone Clear Aligner solution. The SLX system is competitively priced and we believe it will offer significant workflow efficiencies that will save time for both clinicians and patients. Our product will cover the full range of minor, moderate and comprehensive treatment. We're very, very excited to add this important solution to our portfolio of dental specialty solutions, and I'm very, very pleased to report we received a terrific reception at the Association of American Orthodontists meeting this past week – weekend actually. The SLX system really is very, very exciting for Henry Schein as it rounds out our orthodontic product offering which in turn rounds out our dental specialty solutions where we're doing well with oral surgery in the implants, bone regeneration space, the endodontic area and now with a full range of orthodontic products. So let's talk about Animal Health. As Steven mentioned, Animal Health internal growth in North America reflects a manufactured change for direct sales to an agency basis. On a normalized basis, we have delivered double-digit internal growth, extremely pleased with the progress our Animal Health team has made in North America this past quarter. We're excited about the opportunities for our Animal Health business where we combine it with Vets First Choice as a pure play independent company once, of course, this transaction closes later this year. Again, international Animal Health sales grew about 3.4%, negatively impacted by approximately 100 basis points, 1%, due to the timing of Good Friday. Our North American Medical business delivered solid sales in the quarter of internal growth in particular. There were no acquisitions so it's all internal growth in local currencies. And it was in the high-single digit region, range reflecting increased patient traffic to our physician office customers and our execution on serving large group practices. We are recognized and awarded for meeting the needs of the large group enterprises through our strong supply chain and management capabilities while remaining committed to our end customer, the general practitioner, providing the products and support they need to deliver quality clinical care. So in our Technology and Value-Added Services business, we're excited about the opportunities both in North America and potentially, over time, in our international markets with our Henry Schein One platform of solutions. And I'll remind you, the transaction hasn't closed yet, but the opportunities are terrific. We expect to significantly enhance our Value-Added Solutions portfolio of products as we build upon our technical integration capabilities to deliver a new platform of enhance dental software and services that work seamlessly together to share data and streamline digital workflow. With that in mind, operator, we're ready to address any questions.
Operator: . Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good morning guys. Can you hear me okay?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yes we can.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right great. So Stanley, I know you mentioned kind of dental end markets in your prepared comments, but I'd love to hear kind of just overall thoughts on how market has progressed maybe over the last six to nine months or so and how you see it playing out over the balance of this year, especially in North America. But Steve, I also have a question on the Heartland headwind from the last four quarters. In the first quarter last year it was smaller than the other three quarters. So I'm wondering if there was any timing issues where some of those headwinds might have bled over into the first quarter of this year, or is that 2.7% number a clean number, at least from a Heartland perspective?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: So Jeff, on the market growth, I think we're still of the view that the market is stable, leaning positive with – on consumables, but that there's good traction on the specialty side. We think the implant market is growing much faster. And we are very pleased now to enter the fastest growing part of the orthodontic business, the aligner area. We have a pretty unique offering there. A combo product or a product that could be purchased just as an aligner. And the endodontic business continues – that market continues to grow also at a bit of a faster rate. So you take the consumable market basically stable, leaning positive with specialty growing and of course the equipment market, both in the U.S. in North America and Europe is growing very, very nicely as we advance digitalization into the dentists' office.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah, and I'll just comment on the second part of your question, Jeff. Yes, there was a little bit of negative impact related to Heartland in Q1 but it was immaterial. It was less than 10 basis points.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right that's helpful. Thank you. And I guess for my follow-up, just wondering on the equipment side, I know on the DEXIS practice management software, you're working to kind of integrate some new intraoral opportunities there. When do you expect that to be complete and ready to go? And does that at all have an impact then on how we should think about your equipment growth in the back half of this year? Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: I don't think this will have a material impact. I think the integration will occur in the months ahead. But, I do not believe that that will have a significant impact. We are integrating so many different equipment systems into the Henry Schein practice management electronic, medical records system. And there's – opportunities abound all over; not only with DEXIS and Danaher but also with of course Sirona, Dentsply Sirona where things are going well on the integration side. And I might add with Planmeca as well and, of course, 3shape.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thanks for the questions. Stanley, there's been a lot of focus on equipment just given all the moving pieces in the market. Your North American equipment number was quite a bit lower than we saw last quarter and fell a little bit short of what we were thinking. I know you offered some comments in your prepared remarks of what performed well within the quarter in your mind. But I was hoping maybe you could just delve a little bit deeper into the North American equipment number for the quarter. And maybe specifically, how did the Sirona portfolio contribute relative to your expectations?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yes. So, we actually thought we did better than expectations because we had a 18% growth rate in the fourth quarter which was – it's massive. And in the call, last quarter call for the fourth quarter of 2017 did caution that that kind of expectation cannot continue maybe periodically. And we thought we moderated expectations. So I think we did quite well. On the traditional equipment, we did very well. In fact, I think, our growth was around 6%; on CAD/CAM was about 20%. But on the digital products, where we really sold a lot of digital imaging, we didn't have such a great quarter. But if you take into account the volume that we sold in the fourth quarter of last year, you will understand it. So as we usually comment whenever anybody asks about equipment, I don't think you can look at any one equipment quarter and make any conclusions. I think you have to look at an annual. At least put together a few quarters and you can project. But we are very pleased with our equipment growth in the U.S. and I believe our pipeline is looking pretty good. And we're working very well with our manufacturer community. It's a very, very exciting time for Henry Schein in the equipment field, specifically as we go back to Jeff's previous question, as we integrate our digital equipment, our CAD/CAM equipment with our practice management, electronic records system. And I believe that when we look at the opportunities that Henry Schein One will present given our merger with Internet Brands on the Dental side, the equipment market looks very, very exciting.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. No, I appreciate that Stanley. And I guess, Steve, just a quick follow-up. You've discussed having a goal of improving inventory turns. But again this quarter we did see inventory build. Can you maybe just help us understand the dynamics at play on the inventory side? Is this still Sirona related or is it something different than that?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Well, it's a combination. A little bit of Dentsply Sirona related, but we are working through that inventory which we should do later this year. But there was also opportunities for forward buy-ins that we took advantage of. So we still believe that the goal of reducing inventory and increasing inventory turns is achievable. We are working on it. But if there's opportunities that have a good return on investment and we have to grow the inventory a little bit from time to time, we'll also take advantage of that. Just want to back up on the first question just to add some color. Our equipment backlog also grew from the beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter. So I think that's helpful in understanding that the pipeline is still strong on equipment.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks so much.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kreger of William Blair.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks very much. Stan, given last week's announcements in the Clear Aligner space and the extra capital you'll have after the Animal Health spend, has your thinking changed at all about wanting to own brands? And should we think about that as becoming a larger part of the strategy going forward?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Good question, John. Yes, I think in specialty areas we will continue to grow our own brand. In areas where we feel we can't get necessarily the full support that we need, we will continue to advance our brands. But let me assure you that Henry Schein is a national brand company and we will remain totally focused on national brands where we can obtain adequate support. Sometimes we can't get the support we need specifically in the areas of competitive, for example, DSO space, where we promote our Henry Schein brand and related control brands. But at the end of the day, we are very committed to advancing our specialty businesses throughout the world. We have a relatively small market share. These businesses, the ones we own have done very, very well for us. We have great management in the oral surgery space, the orthodontic space, the endodontic space, of course, related to prosthodontists. And we – as well, you can add that in as part of the orthodontics – as part of the oral surgery space. We are very, very excited of what we can do there, of course not only in the implants in the various sectors of the implants; the more higher priced premium brands, the mid brands, the lower price, the clone type areas we were focused on that. Bone regeneration has done very well for us. The products bought around the specialist has been very important. So, yes, we are committed to advancing our own brands in the specialty area in particular. But also where we cannot get the support we need to be competitive, we will do what we need to do. But I think the national brands will support us. These suppliers, the CEOs of these companies have provided us with confidence that we will remain competitive in every market and in all classes of trade. And so – but in the specialty area, it's an area that we will continue to invest in manufacturing and go directly to the source if need be for our own control brands. And then the private brand is an area we will compete with heavily on our own – through our own private brand if we can't gain the market support that we need.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. And maybe one just quick follow-up. Can you give us an update on the corporate account business across your three key categories? And should we be thinking of that as a headwind or a tailwind for bottom-line growth in the coming year?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: No, I think it's a positive contributor to our growth. We continue to grow our market share in Dental on the large accounts, the mid-size accounts, and, of course, the small ones. But, I think, we're working very well in that space, both on the consumable equipment side, but also on the practice management software side where I think our cloud-based system, Ascend, is very, very competitive, not only in the U.S. but globally. And so the whole space I think is a great opportunity for us to grow sales. And yes margins. We will of course continue to drive efficiencies. Part of the restructuring is to drive that. But also, I believe our own brands will help us and we are now seeing a lot more support from the manufacturers in ensuring that we remain competitive. So I'm not saying they won't do it with others, but our market position is good. We're investing in technology to help these customers. And I would say it's a real good opportunity for growth going forward. Again, both the very large accounts and the mid-size accounts and that's in – by the way of course in Dental. But it's a significant part of our growth in Medical now for years where our brand is becoming more and more associated with the ability to provide excellent supply chain and value-added services for these large group practices, for IDNs and also in the Animal Health space where we are by far the leader and continue to grow. So yes, this is all good business for us. And we of course always have to be more efficient. And at the same time, we got to make sure we add the right products and gain the right support.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Larsen of Leerink.
David Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC: Hi. Congratulations on a good quarter. Can you talk a bit about any pricing pressure that you may be seeing in North America (44:54) DSOs or the online vendors? And it seems like you overcame that this quarter. Like, maybe just talk a bit about that dynamic if you can please. Thank you.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yes. Thanks for that question. First of all, I don't remember, and I've said this in the past, a year where we haven't had pricing pressure at Henry Schein. Yes, we have pricing pressure; always had. I would say little bit more with the smaller accounts. But because of course there's more transparency on pricing, dentists compare prices between each other and study clubs, et cetera. But I remain very optimistic and we are showing good results because we are getting support from manufacturers of branded products. And indeed, our private brand is extremely competitive. So we don't lose so much business over price. As it relates to the IDNs, there is, of course, a focus as professionals run, especially large IDNs, and we need to ensure that we get the appropriate support from our branded manufacturers and when that's not available, our private brand, our corporate brand which is very, very good. So I think you take that plus a growing appreciation of the value-added services we provide, and we do have unique services in that market. We didn't develop the software only for Dental, the support software. But it's software that we use in our Medical business as well. And so we have unique capabilities. And I think we're being – those capabilities are appreciated. But we're constantly under price pressure and have been for decades and we need to ensure that we become more and more efficient. Of course, years ago, we would be happy to take orders manually from a corporate account. Today, we expect that all to be received by computer. So, we've made lots of strides in the digitalization of those accounts and we will continue to increase efficiency through various forms of system improvement amongst these large accounts. And these businesses are now growing to being led on the purchasing side by supply chain people who appreciate our capabilities. But if you take all of that and you wrap it around our practice management software capabilities, we remain very, very optimistic about this marketplace and we'll continue to invest in it.
David Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC: All right. And then just one quick follow-up. Did I hear you correctly, the CAD/CAM growth rate in the quarter was 20%?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yes.
David Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ross Muken of Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore Group LLC: Hi. This is Elizabeth Anderson in for Ross. One of the things I was wondering about was the new tech JV. I know you stated that you're thinking that has about $400 million in revenues, but how – can you help us think about how much of that is sort of incremental versus the contributions from revenues that you guys already have?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Sure.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. Let maybe Steven should answer that. Go ahead, Steven. Sorry.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Okay. Yeah. Elizabeth, of the $400 million, approximately $300 million was our existing business and approximately $100 million will be incremental revenue because of the joint venture with Internet Brands. And we will report the additional $100 million as acquisition revenue going forward when the deal closes. Again the deal is expected to close end of June, maybe early July, in that timeframe.
Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Thank you. That's really helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich of Craig-Hallum.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Stan, just wanted to go back to the Medical business, solid growth relative to our expectations. I guess first off, did flu contribute much to the volume and the growth you saw there? And I guess what sorts of other trends outside of the IDN pressure you're seeing can you call out?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. Steven may have specifics on exactly the impact of flu. Obviously it did have an impact. I would say some on the flu vaccine but also on the tests. But there are always puts and takes in this business. I'm not sure if flu drove it significantly. We are just gaining market share in this space because of our capabilities to service IDNs, and IDNs are of course, owning practices outside of the four walls of the hospital. But I would say even in the hospital where they have separate sections for ambulatory care, we are doing quite well in that space. But then there's these group practices, many of them multi-specialty group practices, that are not necessarily owned by IDNs but they have to compete with IDN owned practices. And generally our supply chain capabilities are very, very good; unique in that space. And we give them the reports they need. We give them the service they need and the capabilities of searching the appropriate GPO contract to use. Our private brand is highly competitive in the space. So I would say generally the business has been solid for several years now and we're very enthusiastic about this business. There are obviously parts of that business where we are uniquely capable and that's where you have a practice, specifically a specialty practice that uses a lot of consumables, and that's where we do very, very well. The dermatologists and the aesthetics surgeons and those – and of course the internists, and so we are growing very well in certain categories. But actually the direct impact of flu was there, but I'm not sure how material it was. Steven?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah, yes. Yeah, flu was not a significant contributor at all. And we sell the bulk of our flu vaccine in Q3 and Q4. We sold less than $2 million of flu vaccine this year. It's up slightly over last year but still very insignificant as it impacts our growth. We did have strong growth across the board though in both med-surg products, diagnostic products, equipment, pharma. So really it wasn't related to flu. It was related to all of the other products that we typically sell.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Got you. And then Steve, one quick one for you too. In Animal Health I know it's less of an interest now since you're spinning it out. But the buy sell, the agency switch it seems like that's something that's affected you guys every quarter. When are we going to see that annualize?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Well, this latest change just started either late Q4 or at the beginning of Q1. So that won't annualize until the year end of 2018. But there were some new changes that just recently occurred that's driving it now.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Thank you.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Block of Stifel.
Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks guys. Good morning. First one, just certainly solid progress in a short period of time with the international consumables. You mentioned your value added services already taking hold. Maybe if you can talk about those initiatives. And do you already feel in a better competitive position going forward when we think about insulating yourself from some of the pricing pressure that you guys alluded to in the past? And then I've got a quick follow-up. Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. So it was a very specific issue in one quarter. First of all the value added services are doing well but in Germany, we do not have practice management. And in Germany I would say our team focuses heavily on equipment. And so it was not focused so much on consumables. But I think in the last four, five months – so I'll say Europe has been fine; Australia, New Zealand with the value-added services. And we have now – focusing the German team more on consumables and I think that is kicking in and working quite well. So I think there's quite a bit of stability there in our European business. We're also in one particular quarter, the one where there was so much discussion on this, there was almost a perfect storm. We had this challenge in Germany because we're heavily, heavily focused in equipment in that quarter. Last year was a heavy equipment year in general in Germany. IDS fourth quarter. So – and then we had an anomaly in France. But overall I would say our international business is quite stable and the German matter that we experienced the past couple of quarters I would say is resolved, but the team is really focused on growing consumables. In addition, of course, to continuing with our terrific brand and market share in equipment.
Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And just a follow-up would be in equipment. Certainly the 20% CAD/CAM number is solid, but that is with X-ray in North America versus not there a year ago. So if you can elaborate, Stanley, on the demand for DI only. We've seen it in our checks for some time, quite honestly, and seems like it continues to pick up momentum in North America. Curious your thoughts and also if you're seeing that play out in the international markets as well. Thanks for your time, guys.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. I don't have in front of me, maybe Steven does, specifics on DI growth. But I think that's – DI continues to do well in the U.S. and globally. But I think in the U.S., clearly we're selling more complete systems. And our strategy still is, by the way, to go into dentists that are not ready to invest in a full system and explain to them the value of at least having a scanner, as it is more efficient, clinically better. It's much more pleasant for the patient. And I think we'll continue to focus on that. I don't have the specifics on the quarter per se, but the scanner – the move towards scanner is growing globally. And I think our suppliers are understanding this and they're understanding that yes, the full system can be very, very important. But there's also a market for the scanners. And this philosophy is I think a global phenomenon. So I don't – and maybe, Steven, you have specifics.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah, I can give some color on that. So the digital impressioning scanner did grow year-over-year but the real accelerated growth did come from new CAD/CAM unit sales, complete systems. And that was really the big driver of the 20% number that Stanley quoted.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette of Barclays.
Steve J. Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, thanks. Good morning, Stan and Steve. Thanks for taking the question. Just a quick follow-up on some of the inventory destocking. Obviously a few different manufacturers were talking about that having some impact on their 1Q results. And I guess just based on your inventory numbers, I guess, I'm just curious to your thoughts whether you think that this is maybe happening away from Henry Schein and maybe it's just more prevalent at other distributors. Or maybe you're looking at it – I mean, again, I'm not asking you to talk about any individual companies obviously, but could you look at it and say, yes, it makes sense to us that manufacturer X is saying they're seeing destocking. Then maybe you're taking down one manufacturer and not another. But just curious to get your just more general high level thoughts around this because it seems like it is – we keep hearing about this from the large dental manufacturers about destocking. Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Maybe, Steven, you can give specifics on destocking.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yes. So it's so hard for us to give you exact details because even within manufacturers, there's certain product lines that we could be more or less efficient on. We don't drive the entire market, obviously. So we try to stay away from commenting on specific manufacturers on what's going on with destocking. So, I don't really have specifics, Steve, to be honest with you because we don't look at our inventory levels by that. We look at product categories rather than by manufacturer. And I really can't provide more commentary on what the manufacturers are saying. I assume it to be true, but I can't really tell you from our vantage point.
Steve J. Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, that's fair. Can I sneak in one other quick one just on – you mentioned some market share gains in Dental as part of your growth in 1Q 2018. That's obviously positive. Just curious if you think you're primarily capitalizing on various let's call it disruption situations in the marketplace, perhaps at other dental distributors. Or are you winning maybe now for other reasons? Just curious on what you think is happening on your share gains within Dental. Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Steven?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yes. So, look, the market is growing somewhere slightly north of 1% on consumables in North America. We did almost triple that, 2.5 times that. Look, it can't hurt that we are seeing some other competitors having some disruption, but we don't think that's a big part of it. We think really our growth is coming from continuing to take the approach of being that high value, high touch with a lot of value-added solutions. As you know, we did not really hire a significant amount of competitive reps, although we did hire some. So I think it's really our model. And we don't think it's coming from any one particular competitor. We think it's really coming from the overall market.
Operator: We have time for one last question coming from the line of Stephen Hagan of RBC.
Stephen Hagan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Good morning. Just kind of going back to the shift in Animal Health from direct to agency sales, there's a very substantial move this quarter. Can you talk about what drove this change, and any overall trends you're seeing for direct versus agency sales?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yes. I will just answer the last part of your question and say we don't see a movement to direct sales. Our suppliers are all telling us that they wish to continue to do business with us. They're very excited about the merger between Vets First Choice and Henry Schein Animal Health. Uniformly I might add that without exception. But the demand (01:01:06), maybe Steven, you can address.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Sure. Talked about this a little bit on an earlier question. We have seen one significant manufacturer that has gone from traditional sales to agency sales. It's BI, Boehringer, that made that switch. It's something that we can't control, quite frankly. It's for the whole industry. That's the way they announced it at the beginning of this year or late last year. For us from a profitability point of view, it doesn't make a significant difference on whether it's agency or not. We do prefer non-agency because we really like to also be closer to our customer. But this is what it is, so we're happy to continue to sell them through an agency basis.
Stephen Hagan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And then just a quick follow-up. The purchase of the non-controlling interest this quarter, was that related to the Animal Health spin-off? Or was that for a separate change?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Well, first of all, it didn't happen yet. We expect it to happen probably in Q2. I would say it's indirectly related to the spin-off. I don't know if it's completely directly related, but it is somewhat related. Either way for us, we feel good about completing the purchase. We had a good relationship with the partner for many, many years. And I think we both created tremendous value. And now that that chapter is ending, we're still comfortable going forward and spinning off our Animal Health business. It'll be helpful to Vets First Corp because when you're doing integrations, it's a little bit more difficult when you have minority partners. Not that it can't be done, but it's a little bit more difficult. So I think it's helpful to the new spin co that that no longer will be a minority shareholder.
Stephen Hagan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: All right. Thank you.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yes. So, thank you. Sorry. Operator?
Operator: Now back to (01:03:21) for closing remarks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, operator, and thank you all for your interest. Looking back at where we've come in the last year or two and where we're heading, it does takes me back really to the general philosophy of Henry Schein. I wasn't there at the founding, but over the past eight decades Henry Schein has been in a state of reinvention as we consistently challenge ourselves to, at the end of the day, better service our customers and remain extremely relevant. And, of course, we're very close to our customers, understand their needs. Bringing our customers value-added solutions and helping them thrive is the cornerstone of our success. And of course, if they thrive, they'll thrive for two reasons. One is they're running a more efficient business and at the same time, providing great quality of care. Sometimes this reinvention involves small incremental changes. And at other times, it involves significant changes to our business. The formation of Henry Schein One and the spin-off and merger of our Animal Health business both fall in the latter category. These are significant moves and will really position us very well in Dental. And in combination with Medical, because there's a growing connection between the two and we really think we're well positioned there to continue to grow. While independently, the Animal Health businesses, the Henry Schein and the Vets First Choice animal business will do very well. The connection between the two is not as relevant today as it was years ago when essentially it was – the Animal Health business was a supply chain business. But it's growing to become a service business, phenomenal installed base of practice management systems, both in North America and abroad. Vets First Choice has a solution that if you combine it with our platform is unique. Of course, data is critical and we believe we will be able to help manufacturers obtain compliance with veterinarian prescriptions issued. So you put those two together, the software and the Vets First Choice, you have a very powerful combination. And you combine that with the supply chain, either selling to the veterinarian or fulfilling on behalf of the veterinarian and you have the world's most unique supply chain, software, value-added services business. What these two transactions have in common is increasingly important. The role of technology with our customers. Our customers are in the digital era like all of us. And it's technology that is the biggest question on their mind. What technology should they use and how should they use it? And we are now ideally – we've always been positioned through our software businesses of helping, but we're now in a very, very unique position. For years, advances in technology were largely manifested in the equipment and software products we sold. But today, not only in Animal Health, but of course in Dental integrated technology is critical to practice operations. I might add in the Medical world too, including how customers attract and retain patients. How they communicate to their patients and manage their online reputation. This is all the stuff that we are focused on, both in Dental and in Animal Health and to some extent on the Medical side. It is also supporting patient compliance. Again, Dental and Animal Health which will have this enormous impact on health care outcomes. And if we can impact that, as we are sure we will, it'll be good for our business. And better outcomes validates our commitment to be a health care solutions network and powered by our people and technology. So we told you about our 2018, 2019 and 2020 strategic plan which we believe will be, in the end, as successful as the preceding three year strategic plans which have been very successful for decades. And we believe the Henry Schein intellectual capital will continue to be providing creative solutions for our customers to succeed in generating income for their practice while providing quality of care. And we believe we're well positioned to continue to add and increase shareholder value. So very, very pleased with – of course, the last strategic plan, the three years, ending in 2017, the first quarter of 2018 and the down payments we've made in executing our 2018, 2019 and 2020 strategic plan which I think will once again transform the company and advance our solutions capabilities to our customers while increasing shareholder value. So thank you for joining us today. Again, if you have any questions, please feel free to contact Carolynne Borders at Investor Relations, 631-390-8105. 631-390-8105. And I look forward to speaking again at the end of the second quarter with our results and that will take place in August. So thank you for the interest, and look forward to a discussion in August again. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - VP, IR  Stanley Bergman – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - EVP and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kevin Ellich - Craig Hallum Capital Group LLC Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Glen Santangelo - Deutsche Bank Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Henry Schein Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, Shama, and thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the 2017 fourth quarter and full year. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during the call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimate. The contents of this conference call contain time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, February 20, 2018. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Please limit yourself to a single question and a follow up during Q&A to allow as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour that we have allotted for the call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Good morning and thank you, Carolynne. Thank you everyone for joining us. Now let me start with a review of our financial results at a high level. We closed out 2017 with a strong fourth quarter that demonstrates the advantage of our Henry Schein high-touch, value-added solutions business model. Our customers rely on our team of trusted advisors for the clinical, supply chain, technology and business solutions that practitioners and their office personnel need to operate their practices efficiently day in and day out. We satisfy practice needs through technology as well as our consultative high touch selling approach. So our customers can focus on patient care. It is really important to understand that we are in fact providing a high-touch relationship with our customers that have sustained our growth for well over a quarter century, since we added the field component to our sales and marketing programs. Before I begin to go into further information on the quarter and on the company I'd like to note that in recognition of our team members following recent US Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Henry Schein plans to distribute up to $1,000 one-time cash bonus to certain designated staff members in the US with one full year of service as of January 1, 2018. We are pleased to be able to give back to certain Team Schein members in the US with the special bonus in recognition of the hard work and commitment to excellence. This incremental investment in our team is a reflection of the motivation spirit and value that our broader team across the globe delivers to our customers every single day. Steven, of course will provide more details on the financial impact of this bonus. So our competitive position in the marketplace builds upon four key elements. Mainly education, service and support; software and innovation; and strong long-term customer relation. Just to highlight, we feel 4,200 highly trained field sales consultants and 2,200 telesales representatives across the globe, these Team Schein members are helping our customers operate a more efficient practice so that customers can focus on clinical outcome. In the field today, we have 200 equipment sales and service centers around the world, with more than 2,000 dedicated field technicians to service and maintain equipment. They are supported by 1,000 customer service representatives. It's an enormous amount of high-touch that goes on each day between us and our million practices that we service, million and half practitioners in those practices. And, of course, software and innovation is critical in advancing the practice goal of efficiency and clinical outcomes we service that day in and day out through our 350 software developers and 800 technicians on the telephones and in the field that support our customers.  As a company Henry Schein is a healthcare solutions network powered by people and technology. That network is comprised of more than 3,000 suppliers, some 22,000 Team Schein members and more than 400 key opinion leaders in 85 years of knowledge and expertise and solutions. This can provide the connectivity to our customers. We are armed with strong value proposition. We are optimistic about our long-term growth opportunity and believe we are well positioned in attractive growth markets. And we believe in our high-touch value added business model, which we believe will stand the test of time. It will be in the results we are quite sure of that. We have successfully executed on our strategic plan for 2015 to 2017. And now are embarking on our 2018 to 2020 strategic plan, which we will discuss in great detail later. This team is committed to determining our thinking our strategy in advance and has a phenomenal track record on execution.  But first I'll provide some additional commentary on our recent performance and accomplishment, and Steven will review our financial results a little bit now actually and I'll provide comments later. 
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to all. As we begin I'd like to point out that I'll be reviewing our results on GAAP basis, a reported GAAP basis and also a non-GAAP basis. Each reporting period has items that affect non-GAAP results and they are as follows. For Q4 2017 our non-GAAP results exclude a one-time tax charge of $143 million, or $0.92 per diluted share. And this is related to an estimate of the transitional tax on deemed repatriated foreign earnings, as well as the revaluation of deferred income taxes, both that have associated with US tax reform legislation. In addition, we have a loss of $17.6 million pretax, or $0.11 per diluted share and that loss is associated with the previously announced divesture of our equity ownership in E4D Technologies. On a full year 2017 non-GAAP basis results exclude the same items as well as the litigation settlement expense of $5.3 million pretax or $0.02 per diluted share in the second quarter. For last year, our Q4, 2016 non-GAAP results exclude restructuring cost of $16.1 million pretax, or $0.08 per diluted share, and on a full year basis our non-GAAP results exclude restructuring cost of $45.9 million pretax or $0.21 per diluted share. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business; they enable the comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating of the business.  These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for information and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as replacement for the corresponding GAAP measures and you could see a detailed reconciliation of these items in Exhibit B in this morning's earnings release as well as on the Investor Relations section of our website.  Let me also point out that the fourth quarter of 2016 included one additional selling week when compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. This week is the holiday week between Christmas and New Year. We report on the 52/53 wait week basis with the fiscal year ending on the last Saturday of December each year. Last year, we previously discussed this impact as it related to our 2016 versus 2015 results on the Q4 call. And the next time that the extra week occurs for us will be in 2022. So because of that we have estimated the impact of the extra week on sales and in order to provide more meaningful analysis I'll be reviewing internal sales growth in local currencies adjusting for the extra week in the fourth quarter of last year.  So turning to our results. Net sales for the quarter ended December 30, 2017, were $3.3 billion, reflecting a 6.3% increase compared with the fourth quarter of 2016. The components our internal sales growth in local currencies of 5.1%, acquisition growth of 4.0%, an increase related to foreign currency exchange of 2.4% and the extra week negatively impacted our sales growth by 5.2%. Again you can see the details of our sales growth in Exhibit A of the earnings news release. Operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2017 was 7.27% and expanded by 41 basis points compared with the fourth quarter. But it's important to look at some additional details on our operating margin related to the Q4. The first relates to restructuring cost in the fourth quarter of last year. These restructuring costs in the prior year basically impacted our operating margin comparisons by 51 basis points. Second, acquisition completed during the past 12 months, 12 months and related expenses for those acquisitions, as well as the impact of certain sales switching between agency sale and direct sales, combined to negatively impact operating margin comparisons by 30 basis points.  Excluding the net impact of these items, our operating margin expanded by approximately 20 basis points in the fourth quarter on year-over-year basis. For the full year 2017, excluding the impact of the same factors, as well as the litigation settlement expense in Q2 that favorably impacted our operating margin by 23 basis points, our full year operating margin was approximately flat compared to 2016. I'd also like to note that we reported low year-over-year expenses as a percentage of sales as we continue to realize operating efficiencies from previous restructuring efforts and remain focused on leveraging our infrastructure and tightly controlling expenses.  As we look forward to new opportunities to streamline our businesses and reduce cost. We are currently assessing additional restructuring possibilities in 2018.  If you look at our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the fourth quarter, it was 90% and that includes the one-time tax charge of $143 million as I just mentioned. But on a non-GAAP basis excluding this one-time item as well as the loss associated with the divesture of E4D Technologies, our effective tax rate was 27.7%, and this compares to 28.2% in the fourth quarter of 2016 which is also on a non-GAAP basis.  Full year GAAP effective tax rate was 44% and that compares to 28.8% last year. But again, on a non-GAAP basis the full year 2017 effective tax rate was 26.8% versus 28.6% in 2016. So we believe our tax rate will decline by somewhere between 300 and 400 basis points in 2018 and will be somewhere in the 24% range for 2018. This reduction in the effective tax rate is reflected in the updated guidance that we have provided today.  Moving on the net loss attributable to Henry Schein for the fourth quarter of 2017 was $8.5 million, or $0.06 per diluted share on a GAAP basis. But if you look at the fourth quarter on a non-GAAP basis excluding those one time items in the restructuring cost, net income attributable to Henry Schein was $152.1 million, or $0.97 per diluted share. This represents growth of 0.5% and 3.2% respectively compared with the non-GAAP results for the fourth quarter of last year.  I'd like to provide a little bit of additional color on our results. Amortization expense from acquired intangible assets related to M&A activity was $28.3 million, pretax were $0.13 per diluted share for Q4, 2017. And for the full year, the amortization from acquired intangible asset was $112.4 million pretax or $0.52 per diluted share. Also would note that foreign currency exchange had a positive impact on EPS for the quarter of approximately $0.02. So I'd like to provide some detail on our sales results for the fourth quarter. As a reminder, the sale growth figures will exclude the impact of the extra week in prior year and I'll quantify this impact as we go as applicable. So starting with Dental sales, for the fourth quarter of 2017, they increased by 8.2% to $1.7 billion. This consist of internal growth in local currencies of 4.6%, acquisition growth of 6%, and increase related to foreign exchange of 3%; and then the extra week in the prior year negatively impacted sales growth by approximately 5.1%.  North American internal sales growth in local currencies was 6.7% which included 1.9% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandize. Remember that growth in consumable products were negatively impacted by approximately 130 basis points due to loss of a previously disclosed the ASO contract. And I think it's also important to note that this contract has now anniversaried, so this is the last quarter it will have an impact on our growth rate.  Our North American Dental Equipment sales and services was very strong at 18.1% growth in local currencies. And our fourth quarter equipment backlog continued to remain very healthy. International Dental internal growth in local currencies was 0.1%; it included 2.6% decrease in sales of dental consumable merchandize due primarily to low sales in certain European countries, but strong growth in dental equipment sales and services revenue at 7.7%.  Our Animal Health sales were $889.8 million for the fourth quarter which was an increase of 6.2%. This consisted of internal growth in local currencies of 4.5%, acquisition growth of 3.7%; and increase related to foreign exchange of 3.2% and again the extra week negatively impacted sales growth by 5.2%. The 4.5% internal growth in local currencies included 6.0% growth in North America and 2.9% growth internationally. Approximately 70 basis points of the sales growth in North America was from certain products switching between agency and direct sales; excluding this impact, normalized sales growth for North America was approximately 5.3%. We believe the solid sales growth for the quarter reflects both the healthy end market, as well as our commitment to offering a wide range of product and value-added services.  Our Medical sales were $636.9 million for the quarter, an increase of 2.6%. Internally generated sales in local currencies were up 8.3%, acquisition contributed 0.1%; there was 0.3% increase due to foreign exchange and the extra week negatively impacted sales growth by 6.1%. That 8.3% internal growth in local currencies included 8.7% growth in North America and a decline of 2.9% internationally. We are pleased with our Medical growth which has been primarily driven strong organic growth from existing large customers.  Technology and Value-Added Service sales were $114.6 million in the quarter, an increase of 2.1%. Internally generated sales in local currencies was up 3.2%, acquisitions contributed 0.6%; there was 1.1% increase due to foreign exchange, and again the extra week negatively impacted our sales growth by about 2.8%. The 3.2% internal growth in local currencies included 1.8% growth in North America and 11.4% growth internationally. The North American growth of 1.8% reflects the lower dental software sale and electronic services revenue versus the prior quarter, and was partially mitigated by strong 12% growth in our financial services revenue segment. The international market sales growth of 11.4% was highlighted by strong dental and veterinary software revenue.  We continue to repurchase common stock in the open market during the fourth quarter, most specifically during Q4, we spent approximately $225 million to repurchase approximately 3.2 million shares. We elected to accelerate our share repurchases during the fourth quarter to take advantage of what we considered to be an attractive buying opportunity. The impact of this repurchase on our fourth quarter diluted EPS was about one half of one cent per share. For the full year, we spent approximately $450 million for the purchase of approximately 5.9 million shares. And at the close of the fourth quarter, we had approximately $200 million authorized for future repurchases of common stock.  If we look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $238 million, compared to $264.5 million last year. For the year now operating cash flow $545.5 million versus $642.6 million in 2016. And the low operating cash flow is primarily due to higher working capital. Our capital expenditures for the year were $81.5 million resulting in free cash flow of $464 million. If we look at accounts receivables day sales outstanding, they were 41.5 days for the fourth quarter which is virtually unchanged from the 41.3 days last year. Full year basis, they were also consistent at 41.2 days versus 41.3 days last year.  Inventory turns for the fourth quarter of 2017 were 5.3 turns and that compares to 5.5 turns last year. On a full year basis also similar 5.3 turns in the current year compared to 5.5 turns last year.  So I'd like to conclude my remarks by noting that we are raising our 2018 financial guidance to reflect the impact of the US tax reform legislation. For 2018, we now expected diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein to be $4.03 to $4.14 per share. This is up from the previous guidance of $3.85 to $3.96 and reflects growth of 57% to 61% compared with our 2017 GAAP diluted EPS of $2.57. This includes the impact of one time cash bonus that Stan mentioned earlier. These distributions will total approximately $4 million and will be negative in the first quarter of 2018. The anticipated impact to our EPS is approximately $0.02 per share.  When compared to 2017 non-GAAP diluted EPS of $3.60 for 2018 EPS growth is expected to be in the range of 12% to 15% growth. So since the tax benefits from stock based compensation or ASU 2016-09 is expected to be less for us in Q1, 2018 as compared to the prior year, we anticipate Q1, 2018 EPS growth to be in the mid-single digit range on both the GAAP and non-GAAP basis. It's important to note that this is before the $0.02 impact of the one time cash bonus that we just discussed.  This guidance assumes end market to remain stable and is consistent with current market conditions. It's also guidance for continuing operations, as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions, but that does not include any impact for potential future acquisition should they occur. And this guidance also assumes foreign exchange rates are consistent with current levels.  Last comment I'll make is that we believe there will be no material impact to our 2018 financial results due to the adoption of new revenue standard ASU 2014-09 which is revenue from contract with customers.  So with that I'll now turn the call back over to Stan. 
Stanley Bergman : Thank you, Steven. Before we move on, allow me to comment in more detail on the February 12 press release from the US Federal Trade Commission alleging that Henry Schein and other distributors violated US anti-trust law by conspiring to refuse to provide discounts to and otherwise serve buying group representing dental practitioners. We believe these allegations are totally merit less and we intent to defend ourselves vigorously. I'll also note that the complaint seeks injunctive release and does not seek monetary damages. We do not anticipate this matter will have a material, adverse effect on our financial conditions or results of operations. I want to reemphasis that despite what are provocative allegations are content in the complaint; the case is about whether we conspired with other parties not to sell to dental buying groups. Based on the FTC's original definition of these buying groups, let me point out that we do business with more than 100 of these organizations. Even under a narrower definition recently advanced by the FTC, we have done business and continue to do business with very, very groups that we are now accused of refusing to do business with. This is not logical. Henry Schein has a long history of serving customers with integrity and honest. We have earned our reputation for doing business the right way. This is exactly why we have been named the Fortune's list of World's Most Admired Companies for 17 consecutive years from the first time we appeared on the Fortune 500 list, and why we have been named at Ethisphere's List of the World's Most Ethical Companies annually now since 2012. So we are really quite upset about this and really believe that this whole complaint is merit less.  Now I'll share a few financial highlights from 2017 as I noted I would earlier on in my remarks. We achieved net sales of $12.5 billion in 2017 that's up 7.7% from the prior year. Internal sales in local currencies in 2017 increased by 5.1%, when excluding the impact of extra week in 2016 which is in line with our goal of growing 1% to 2% fast than the end market. GAAP diluted EPS declined, of course, 17.1% versus 2016 GAAP results, mainly due to the charges associated with the repatriation of foreign earnings and a revaluation of deferred taxes. Non-GAAP diluted EPS growth was 8.8% versus 2016 non-GAAP results. And for the full year 2017, we spent approximately $450 million to repurchase 5.9 million shares of our common stock, reflecting our continued confidence in the strength of our business and commitment to delivering shareholder value. In addition, we completed 14 strategic acquisitions in 2017 as we continue to expand our geographic presence and enhance our product offerings. Together with these acquisitions, together, these acquisitions had trailing 12 months revenue at the time of purchase of approximately at $0.25 billion, specifically these acquisitions expanded out digital dentistry solutions. And broaden our portfolio of endodontic and surgical products.  In Animal Health, we acquired a cloud based practice management solution and announced the new presence in Brazil among the other strategic initiatives to bolster our expertise and market access. We also helped customers who are affected by the Hurricane, tornados and wildfire while supporting efforts to provide dental and medical services to underserved population in the developing world.  So to sum it up, we believe 2017 was a terrific year and really solid year for Henry Schein.  So on the Dental side. Let me review the quarterly performance at each of our four business groups again starting with Dental. In North America, Dental consumable merchandize internal sales growth in local currencies was 1.9% in the fourth quarter, or 3.2% growth when excluding the impact of the loss of the previously disclosed DSO contract. Excluding this contract, the growth rate has now accelerated for the past three quarters looking further out, we are optimistic that the health of the macro environment ultimately will drive an improved end market unit growth in the dental market in North America.  North American Dental Equipment internal sales growth in local currencies was 18.1%, which is really a multiyear high. We are pleased with the strong equipment sales growth which benefited to some extent from a solid contribution from the sales of the full line against Dentsply Sirona dental equipment. But I really want to stress, and we are of course delighted to be carrying the full range of the Dentsply Sirona equipment line, but we also did well across the board with our key dental equipment manufactures including A-dec, Midmark and 3Shape. So our dental equipment business is really doing well which is indicative of the strong market that dentists are committed to investing in and this is an across the board growth in all of the manufactures that we represent. Of course, as now that the relationship with enterprise in North America is off to a solid start. We are optimistic that we continue to make progress on behalf of all our dental equipment manufacturing partners in educating practices on the benefits of digital dental technology. To improve the effectiveness of patient diagnostic and treatment, as well as the productivity in the dental office. The digitalization of dentistry is so exciting and we are very well positioned to advance digitalization in dental offices throughout North America and indeed the world.  As Steven noted, International Dental Consumable Merchandize internal sales in local currencies declined 2.6% due to lower sales in certain European countries. On the other hand, International Dental Equipment internal sales increased by 7.7% in local currencies, the highest quarterly growth in more than two years. You may recall that in -- and this by the way is off a very good IDS quarter and second and the third. And so we have sustained growth in our international equipment business in Europe and abroad in general. You may recall that 2013, we announced the expansion our position in the dental specialty market with 60% ownership interest in BioHorizons, a manufacture of advanced dental implant that is sold globally. In 2013, their sales were $115 million; in 2017 the BioHorizons sales reached approximately $176 million. Recently, we purchased the remaining interest in BioHorizons and now have 100% equity ownership. Together with our investment in CAMLOG Biotechnologies, a leading manufactured implants in Europe, Henry Schein has built an important position in a two largest implant market: the US and Germany. We are also growing our presence in the rest of the world. The dental profession transition to dental to digital dentistry is a critical element in implant dentistry. So we are very pleased with our investment in the implant area. And expanded our investment in oral surgery section with our Dental Specialty Solutions acquisition of Southern Anesthesia which was added to the ace portfolio.  We have greatly enhanced our ability to serve the needs of oral surgical practitioners providing our customers with a wide range of products and value-added services. Including bone regeneration materials that help our customers provide high quality care to their patients. Customer demand for implant and its associated materials are expected to increase as digital processes are adopted in the dental and dental experience of patient is enhanced. We are well positioned to benefit from the continued adoption with our broad dental specialties offering. More to follow as people have questions.  Animal Health. So the global Animal Health internal sales growth in local currencies was 4.5% in the quarter, it reflects our continued very good execution, both domestically and abroad. We believe that the global end market is healthy and we are benefiting from consistent delivery of innovated products and let me stress solutions and strong customer relations in this market. In line with the increasingly value we provide to veterinarian, at the recent VMX Conference in Orlando, we announced an important enhancement to our Axis-Q known as Axis-Q LENS, L, E, N, S in caps. The software enhance better position us-- enhanced the better position to us to offer veterinary practice historic full trending analysis for both reference labs and point-of-care testing. This presentation of pet diagnostic results makes it easy to identify variation in lab results in order to improve care.  Axis-Q LENS is the only product available today that could present trended results from multiple reference lab and multiple diagnostic instruments that are integrated with Henry Schein vet solution practice management software system. Keep in mind; we estimate that more than 55% of animal health practitioners in US currently have used Henry Schein animal health practice management technology. Shortly after the end of the fourth quarter we closed on a 60% ownership interest in ABASE, a distributor veterinary healthcare products in the state of Sao Paulo in Brazil. ABASE sales pharmaceutical, pet food, diagnostics equipment and consumables primarily to the companion animal, swine, poultry and bovine segment. ABASE had 2017 revenue of approximately $27 million. This investment strengthens our position in the Brazil animal health market which we established early in 2017 instead of Rio de Janeiro, our investment in Tecnew. It also diversifies our relationship with global suppliers and approximately doubles our volume in Brazil. Now for the Medical Group. For the fourth quarter internal growth in local currencies in the medical group was low about 8.3%. We believe our medical sales growth during the quarter continued to exceed the growth of the broader office based practitioner market reflecting our ability to penetrate large group practices, particularly to our strong supply chain management capabilities. As we constantly evolving healthcare landscape in the US, we believe the right solution is a system that seeks to expand access to care, stabilizing insurance market and advance movement towards wellness and prevention, as all of these are key to driving down the healthcare cost. We had a focus on continuing to offer solution, solution roadmap consulting with physicians to help to navigate this evolving landscape. Also, as provide a consolidation continues with a rapid pace of healthcare system expansion, Henry Schein healthcare services of infrastructure been a great deal of expertise is able to help integrate -- help integrate delivering metrics drive stabilization, improve quality and take trans action cost out of the non-acute supply chain area, and believe that our team is doing an outstanding job in servicing this class of customers.  So now let me conclude with an overview of our Technology and Value-Added Services. As Steven mentioned, technology value-added services' internal sales growth in Northern America was 1.8% in local currency. This let me stress was impacted by lower dental software sales and electronic services revenue, partially offset by strong financial services revenue, somewhat impacted by an allocation of our sales resource to bring on the Dentsply Sirona business in the fourth quarter and not focusing as much on software sales in North America. We do believe that this part of the business is very exciting and has huge potential as we continue to gain account, small, medium and large and expand our governing position in this software technology arena. Note that we had a slight negative sales growth impact in the fourth quarter related to switches between agency and direct sales. You may recall that in the third quarter of 2017, we had rightfully focused a significant portion of our technology sales force as I noted as we prepared to launch Dentsply Sirona equipment products this past December.  We saw that impact carry over into the fourth quarter of 2017 as we supported this launch. We expect our software sales to begin to show improve year-over-year growth in 2018 as we transition to the initial launch of Dentsply Sirona product line in the US. On the international market, we delivered double digit international sales growth in local currencies of 11.4%, highlighted by heightened strong dental and animal health software revenue. Note that in December we announced the acquisition of eVetPractice, a leading provider of Cloud based practice management solutions for health clinics. As the veterinary practice management software market expand is the cloud based solution, with eVetPractice, we are well positioned to provide customers with the latest and value-added services and technology solution as part of our integrated portfolio technology platform which include [Abby Mark Impermade] in North America, as well as [Vision, RX Works and Robovic] internationally. eVetPractice compliment those offerings to customers who prefer to benefits of a cloud solution. We now have an excellent offering of cloud solution in the dental and in the animal health space.  We remain and so we remain extremely optimistic about our practice solutions business. And see great opportunity to add strategic capability to our platform during 2018 to 2020 strategic planning period. This is a very exciting part of our business and we are really well positioned to help our customers operate more efficient practices thus provide better clinical care.  Before I open the call for questions, I'd like to make a few comments related to our 2018 to 2020 strategic plan. First, we are pleased to recognize by The Ethisphere Institute as 2018 World's Most Ethical Companies marking the 7th consecutive year we received this recognition. The Ethisphere Institute is a global leader in defining and advancing standard of ethical business practices. It is an honor to be recognized among some of the world's most respected businesses for our commitment to ethical business practices and corporate social responsibility. Our corporate goal for the coming three years is to further enhance our platform of value-added solutions that address customers' needs with network of trusted advisors. It is the core reason that our customers rely on us. We help our customers operate more efficient and successful practices so our customers can focus on providing the best in clinical care.  The three business priorities reinforced in the 2018 -2020 plan includes the fundamental of one: particularly expanding our core distribution business. Two: creating an enhanced customer loyalty through our value-added solution and three, advancing our investment in exclusive proprietary products. We will accomplish this through advancing our core distribution capabilities and value-added solutions, working closely with the set of manufacturers that are interested and focused on capitalizing on Henry Schein's brand equity with exclusive proprietary brands than a partnership with specialty products.  Of course focus on digital commerce, increasing high margin products, including specialty products and technology solutions, expanding our global footprint and yes, investing in Team Schein, our number asset. So, I realize that was a lot that we had spoken about today. And we are open for questions. Operator, if there are any questions from participants in the call. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Kevin Ellich of Craig-Hallum.
Kevin Ellich: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I guess starting off with the dental, Stan, could you give us a little bit more color on the strong equipment growth you are seeing in the US? I mean inventory on the balance sheet continues to build and maybe if you can provide a little color there. Then the follow up is in animal health. Just wondering how the Merritt that acquisition that you guys announced last year is coming along. How the integration is going? Thank you.
Stanley Bergman : So let me start with the end. The Merritt acquisition is totally integrated. We delivered on our expectations perhaps even a little bit better. On the equipment, we believe we are well positioned to help practitioners take advantage of the new technology that is available to them to increase the efficiency of their practice and position them to provide better clinical care. This is not only in the US but it's abroad. Of course, we are delighted to have become a full line distributor of the Dentsply Sirona product offering but our expansion in equipment sales and related services is related -- not only to Dentsply Sirona but to a number of other manufactures that I mentioned in the call. We are very well positioned to continue to grow well in this part of the dental market. And dentists are investing in their practices wanting to add the latest technology which is also indicative of the optimism that dentists had in dentistry. And again, let me emphasize, this is in the US but Canada and abroad likewise dental laboratories are also investing in their labs and are heavily investing in digital technology. 
Steven Paladino: On part of your question, let me just first add that 18% sales growth included both strong growths in traditional equipment, traditional equipment was double digits and high tech equipment was also double digit a bit higher than the traditional. So it's really across the board strong sales growth in all aspects of dental equipment in North America. Related to our inventory, yes, we did have to bring in inventory in order to meet demand and expected demand for Dentsply Sirona products, it's typical for us to have showroom inventory as well as being able to fill the orders as quickly as the customers needs or want. But I will say that both on working capital we do have a goal of improving inventory turns. I'd like to see somewhere close to half a turn improvement over the next year or so. So we do think that there is opportunity to become more efficient on inventory management going forward also. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Johnson of Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson: Thank you. Good morning, guys. So Steve or Stanley I guess either one. Just wondering the last couple of quarters you've been trending towards -- at least towards that 3% number on a dental consumable North American basis, if we exclude some of the noise, just wondering if you think that's a reasonable number to be thinking for 2018. I know you don't guide by line items but that's kind of where that number has been. So any reason we shouldn't think that number can repeat again this year. And then we've heard that flu maybe having a little impact on cancellation early this year. Just are you hearing any feedback from your customers about dental trends being impacted at all by the heavy flu season we've been seeing? 
Stanley Bergman : So, Jeff, on the market, the market is relatively stable. Maybe it's growing a percent - potentially little bit more than that. There is a bit more optimism now than perhaps a year ago. So it's definitely leaning in the positive area. And we continue to gain market share, we hear this from our manufacturers, the data that is available showing us that we continue to gain market share. Whether we grow 2% or 3% or 4%, it's sort of in that range. And let me just emphasize that equipment is very strong. We expected to remain strong because dentists are investing in their practices. As it relates to flu, yes, I think the statistics are out there that flu is having impact on the population. I think it's the highest percentage of the population to be effected by the flu virus in many years. So I think it will impact visits to dentists in specific parts of the country. But I don't think that will have a significant impact on Henry Schein's ability to deliver results we are focused on and we anticipate. 
Jeffrey Johnson: Okay, great. Maybe as a follow up just on the FTC case. I am sure you can't say much or won't say much but I think you had 14 days to respond to the complaints included in that filing. And if you didn't then they were deemed to be admitted to. From your comments, Stanley, I am assuming you are going to respond to each of those complaints. But, Steve, I guess I am wondering also if there is anything embedded in guidance from a cost standpoint either from a compliant standpoint and an independent monitor standpoint or legal expense standpoint how should we be thinking about the expenses embedded in 2018 guidance from this issue? Thanks. 
Stanley Bergman : So, Jeff, Steven will response to the financial aspect. But Henry Schein, I think is the very first time we ever commented on litigation. But we feel this case is so outrageous and this is the one fundamental point. We've done business with dental buying groups for many years. Henry Schein, in fact was the company that conceived the notion of dealing with special markets and groups of customers. We continue to do business with very large buying groups, mid-sized buying groups, and we are now accused of refusing to do business with these people who actually have been doing business with for 20 plus years. So we absolutely deny these allegations. We don't know what others have done or what potentially others have done but we have not done anything wrong in our view and this case is without merit from our point of view. As you know Henry Schein is the company where we have prided ourselves with ethical behavior, adherence to the laws, integrity, and honesty and how can we do something that -- how can we agree to do something that we are already doing. It just doesn't make sense. The FTC is accusing us of doing something that we are actually doing. So it's beside logic this whole thing and we vehemently, vehemently refute these allegations. And this is the first time I think in the 22 years as a public company, we've actually commented on litigation because this is so outrageous. 
Steven Paladino: Yes. So the only thing I would add on that is that the complaint if you take the time to read the complaint has some, what I would call, provocative comments. But don't be swayed and I am glad that you asked the question, Jeff, for the benefit of everyone, don't be swayed by provocative statements. Go back to the basics which Stanley just mentioned which is how could we be accused of conspiring not to sell to certain buying groups when we are selling and we have been selling and we've always sells to the same buying group. So, again be careful not to be swayed by again provocative statements in the complaint. As far as financial impact, again, there is no monetary damages or fines that the complaints are seeking. It's only injunctive relief; we do have an estimate built into our guidance for some legal cost and other cost in order to deal with the matter. Hopefully we have estimated that well although as you can probably guess it's hard to estimate that with perfection. But we do believe that we have it adequately covered in the guidance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Glen Santangelo of Deutsche Bank.
Glen Santangelo: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Stan, I apologize in advance for hitting this FTC issue one more time. But I think it's such a big deal for investors. You seemed to make the case that you were selling to the certain classic customers all along and hence the complaint is merit less, but if you look at the complaint they actually say that the companies were conspiring to refuse to provide discount. So it kind of sound likes in the complaint that the company may have been treating this one sort of customer class a little bit differently from a discounting perspective. And I guess what investors are nervous about if that's true, will you have to adjust your business practices in way that kind of make you slightly less profitable on a go forward basis. So you may not be able to comment but I figure I would throw out there. 
Stanley Bergman : So we deny these allegations. We have been a company that is worked with GPOs whether it's in the dental space, the medical and animal health space for a long time. I don't think, can't imagine any scenario where we have to now start adjusting our pricing policy because of the FTC complaint. We have been servicing this customers, we were the company that conceived the notion of special markets 22 years ago where we went out to service large group practices, we now have a mid market group that is focused on mid market practices. And have supported small practices involved in buying group for a long time. So this whole thing doesn't make sense from Henry Schein point of view. And I don't believe this would impact our margin is possible. I don't think, other factors could impact our margin and as Steven has noted on many occasions we are working to increase our efficiency to advance sales higher margin product et cetera. But I don't think this particular set of circumstances will impact our margins. 
Glen Santangelo: Okay. I appreciate that. Maybe just one follow-up for Steven on the guidance. Steven, if you look at the raise, it looks like you raised about $0.18 at the mid point and you also absorbed the incremental $0.02 a cost in the employee comp expense. And so if you think about that as an equivalent of $0.20 raise, some are concerned that if you look at the tax differentials that that would have been a little bit bigger than $0.20 would have implied a little big than the $0.20 raise. A little bit surprising giving how strong the organic sales trends seemed to be and the momentum seems to be heading in the right directions. So any sort of comments as sort of reconciles those two points so we know how to think about that?
Steven Paladino: Sure. Well, first of all, our guidance increase was only related to the tax impact net of the $0.02 comp that we talked about. We did not change guidance for any other aspects of the business. And if you look at -- and you could the math yourself, but if you look at an estimate of somewhere between 3% and 4% lower tax rate for the company, and if you use something even to mid point of that range, I think you will quickly get to the guidance that we gave. Remember, this is a very complex tax law. We are still feeling our way around it. So the goal is to be a little bit conservative on our guidance on it because of many moving parts including what percentage of our income is within the US versus in other tax jurisdiction. And but again the guidance was only changed because of that. I'd also remind you that if you remember in Q1 of this year, we had 2017 we had an outsized tax benefit for long-term compensation that was because the stock prices is one of the variables that determines our investing date, what the actual tax deduction will be and because over the three year period that ended in Q1 of 2017, the stock price performance was very strong. We are not expecting that same benefit in 2018. So that's what built into our tax guidance also. But again if you just do the math as I outlined, I think you will come very close to what we did in guidance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs.
Robert Jones: Hi, great, thanks for the questions. I just go back to the US dental equipment, 18% internal growth. I know, Stanley, you mentioned that it was a combination of legacy equipment that you had access to and then also obviously Sirona portfolio that's new. Is there any more perspective you can share there for us? I think it's important for investors to try to parse out just how much of that big ramp in growth was attributable to your access to the Sirona portfolio specifically? 
Stanley Bergman : Yes. We are not giving guidance on the breakdown we never had between the manufactures that we --to generate sales from. So I think and Steven had some clarifying points here. We've never done that. So I think it's best to ask the manufacturers directly.
Steven Paladino : Yes. No, I don't want to give specific supplier guidance. But we did say that traditional equipment was very strong also at double digits within that 18%. And I'll just comment that the Dentsply Sirona was not a significant impact our traditional equipment. It was more A-dec and other lines that we have. And Dentsply Sirona really impacts more for us, the high tech equipment at least in this most recent quarter. So, again, it was really broad based our equipment sales growth. So we are very pleased with that. 
Robert Jones: That's helpful. And I guess just go back to the FTC complaint. I know, Stanley, clearly we understand your view on the matter. But I was more curious just if you guys could talk to what the range of outcomes is possible from this? Is there anything you can share with us as far as what types of resolutions on what timeline we might expect? I don't think there is another official trial date until October, so just wondering what kind of guide post or types of outcome we should think about related to this.
Stanley Bergman : Bob, if you pull the complaint because it is public information. You can see what the complaint is asking for relief, so there are details in that. And rather than me going by memory, I refer you to the complaint directly. But, again, it's all injunctive relief. There are no financial damages but take a look at the detail complaint because that's all we know at this point. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Block of Stifel. 
Jon Block: Thanks, guys. Good morning. Two questions. Let me ask first within -- hopefully I'll have time for follow up. So just to shift gears, international dental consumable results, I believe downed 2.6%. That was the first negative quarter that I have seen since 1Q, 2015, you guys navigated internationally very well during some of the macro weakness but anything to call out there or do you expect to bounce back in the coming quarters and then I just got a quick follow up. Thanks. 
Steven Paladino: Well, the weakness internationally, really was a not new event although maybe is more pronounced this quarter. We did talk about in certain European countries specifically Germany with some weakness in that market last quarter. That's continuing. I think we do believe that European market is still a very good market. We are very focused on improving our value add component. We are very advanced in the US and some other market. And we are not just quite advanced at this time in Germany and a couple of other markets. But there is a strong focus on that. So I think I can't say in the next quarter necessarily, but if you think out medium term, I think that you will see more improvement in our international dental revenues. 
Stanley Bergman : Just and again without putting a new metric after this, you are going to have track every quarter, just simply this is too much to track for investors. But in Germany, there were five I think less business days this quarter because of the way the holidays fell. And there is a challenge in the consumable market in Italy. We don't think it's going to be the challenge for that long. And there were some weakness in France on consumables but we don't see any of these things as long term trend. 
Jon Block: Okay, great, thank you. And quick follow-up. Steven, you called it a potential I believe restructuring that you alluded to later in 2018. And frequent restructuring certainly are not common for Henry Schein. I think you last took one in 2016. So at a high level any details you can provide, what division would this be specific to? What do you guys tweaking? Because again I think restructurings prior work maybe every four or five years and now you can called out one possibly in 2018 after one in 2016. Thanks for your time guys.
Steven Paladino: Sure, Jon. It's hard -- we are just looking at what the opportunities are. And the reason why I mentioned it is because we do think there are further opportunities to improve profitability, to take some cost out of the system. But at this point, it's really part of the analysis. We haven't completed the analysis. So I don't have specifics. I can't tell you exactly where it might be or what the potential benefit would be. But I do raise it because I think that there is a reasonably good likelihood that when we finish the analysis; we'll have opportunities to improve profitability through restructuring activities. You are right it's not something that we do all time. But we think there is opportunity here and why not take advantage of it at this time. 
Stanley Bergman : And also just more color we don't expect this to have any material impact -- certainly no material impact on the front end of the house in terms of sales force reductions or anything like that. But we've been investing in software and systems and we think we can increase our efficiency on those areas and also integrate some of our acquisitions that we made in the past into our core system. So it's that kind of work and we are -- we've been working on this for a while for past six months. And now we finally concluded working towards concluding what specific plans to implement. 
Steven Paladino: So I guess also the short follow up is we'll give a further update next quarter as we have those plans more fully developed. 
Operator: Your final question comes from Brandon Couillard of Jefferies.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks for squeezing me in. Good morning. Couple of housekeeping. Steven, was there any outsized flu impact to the medical revs in the fourth quarter? And then could you just confirm in terms of the 2018 guidance what it embeds for currency tailwind on EPS as well as your margin expansion expectations for the year? Thanks.
Steven Paladino : Sure. Flu vaccine sales were little bit stronger in Q4 versus Q3 but it wasn't a material impact on our overall sales growth. We do expect to sell a similar number of doses somewhere in the 6 million -7 million dose range in 2018 that's embedded in our guidance. And foreign exchange, we are really not expecting any major movement in foreign exchange from current levels. Obviously, our guidance can absorb it on the downside or have upside, small movement because the range is wide enough to absorb that. But a bit of material change in foreign exchange rate we would call it out in 2018 should have happened. 
Carolynne Borders: Thank you. Now Stan will conclude with his remarks. 
Stanley Bergman : Thank you, everyone for calling in. Thank you for the questions as I think you can tell from Steven and my tone, we remain most optimistic about the company. And we are very excited as we unfold our 2018, 2020 strategic plan. We feel very good with our high-touch value added proposition of serving customers with wide array of value-added services and delivered through our field consultants and supported by telesales and what we believe to be world class electronic ordering and other ways of doing business with Henry Schein. And are very, very enthusiastic about the future. So thanks for your interest. Again, if you have questions you can call Steve at 5915; it is the last four digits for Henry Schein number and Carolynne --
Carolynne Borders: 631-3908-105
Stanley Bergman : So thank you very much and we will be back in I believe 60 days right or 90 days. Just under 90 days. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc. Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc. Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.
Analysts: Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co. Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Third Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Chantelle, and thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the third quarter of 2017. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during the call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimate. The contents of this conference call contain time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, November 6, 2017. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion, you limit yourself to a single question and a follow up before returning to the queue, allowing as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour that we have allotted for the call. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Carolynne, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'd like to start today's call by making a few high-level comments. Our sales results for the third quarter was solid overall and reflect continued success with our comprehensive offering of products and value-added services that drive internal growth bolstered by strategic acquisitions. This combination of internal growth and complementary acquisitions is at the heart of our business model. Third quarter sales growth was negatively impacted by the recent hurricanes in the U.S., as well as a difficult comparable in dental equipment sales. We have a track record – a solid track record, I might add, of gaining market share with the combination of internal sales growth and acquisition growth. Our normalized internal local currency growth has been in the range of 4% to 6% for the past 14 quarters, built on years of great success in internal local currency growth. This has been supplemented by approximately 1% to 5% of acquisition growth over the same period. So, the track record on sales is a good one, and we remain confident that we will continue to build on this track record. Steven will review our 2017 and 2018 guidance in a bit more detail later. During 2018 and beyond, we expect to continue to make progress with our focus on increasing sales of higher-margin products across all of our businesses, as well as improving operating efficiencies to achieve long-term EPS growth. We are confident and indeed excited about our long-term prospects, and believe we are very well positioned in the markets we serve to continue to increase market share through internal growth, supplemented by strategic acquisition, whilst increasing operating margin. Let me now ask Steven to review our financial results, and then I'll provide some additional commentary on our recent business performance and accomplishments. Steven?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to all. As we begin, let me first point out that all of our per share amounts that I will be discussing today reflect the 2-for-1 stock split that we recently completed. In addition, last year's Q3 2016 results include restructuring cost of $5.4 million pre-tax or $0.02 per diluted share. As Stanley mentioned, our 2017 third quarter results were negatively impacted by the recent hurricanes in the U.S., among other factors that I'll discuss in more detail in a moment. While it is difficult to quantify the precise impact, we estimate that the hurricanes negatively impacted our worldwide sales growth by approximately 30 basis points and negatively impacted our EPS by approximately $0.005. So, I'll also be discussing our results on an as-reported GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis, and that non-GAAP basis excludes the prior-year restructuring cost. On year-to-date non-GAAP measure, the current year-to-date also excludes litigation settlement expense. We believe that the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful information about the financial performance of our business. It enables the comparison of financial results between periods, where certain items may vary independent of business performance and allows for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for the corresponding GAAP measures. You could see in Exhibit C of this morning's earnings release a reconciliation as well as a reconciliation that's provided on our Investor Relations section of our website. So, turning to our results for the quarter. Our net sales for the quarter ended September 30, 2017, were $3.2 billion, reflecting a 10.3% increase compared with the third quarter of 2016. This consisted of 8.8% growth in local currencies and a 1.5% increase related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, internally-generated sales increased 4.8% and acquisition growth contributed an additional 4.0% growth. Again, we estimate that the hurricanes negatively impacted our worldwide sales growth by approximately 30 basis points. You could also see the details about sales growth that are contained in Exhibit A of our earnings news release that was issued earlier this morning. If you look at the operating margin for the third quarter of 2017; it was 6.8% and contracted by 25 basis points compared with the third quarter of 2016. Some additional details on our operating margin in Q3. The first relates to the inclusion of restructuring costs in last year's third quarter. These restructuring costs in the prior year favorably impacted operating margin comparisons by 19 basis points. Secondly, sales of influenza vaccines in the third quarter of 2017 negatively impacted our operating margin comparison by about 14 basis points. And the third item relates to acquisitions completed during the past 12 months and related expenses, which combined to negatively impact our operating margin comparison by 7 basis points. Excluding the net impact of these items, our operating margin contracted by approximately 23 basis points year-over-year. I think it's important to also note that on a year-to-date basis, excluding the impact of these same factors, as well as the litigation settlement expense in last quarter, our operating margin expanded by 6 basis points. So, I'd like to discuss a little bit our gross margins, which were negatively influenced by three primary factors. The first was product mix. Given that the lower gross margin in Medical and Animal Health businesses have been growing at a faster rate than the higher margin Dental sales, our overall gross profit has been impacted by that product mix. There was also a product mix that negatively impacted within each of Medical and our Animal Health businesses. Secondly, our U.S. dental special markets business have lower margins, where we took the opportunity to extend a number of multi-year contracts with key dental support organizations or DSOs. And third, we saw lower gross margins in our European dental business, in particular in Germany. These factors were partially offset by lower expenses, as a percentage of sales as we continue to realize operating efficiencies from previous restructuring efforts, and we continue to leverage our infrastructure and control expenses. If we look at our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2017, it was 29.0%. This compares to 28.9% GAAP effective tax rate in the third quarter of last year 2016 or 28.7% on a non-GAAP basis for the third quarter of 2016. That non-GAAP basis last year also excludes the income tax benefit on restructuring cost. We expect the 2017 full-year effective tax rate to be in the 28% range on a GAAP basis and 27% range when excluding the estimated loss on our divestiture of E4D, which we estimate to be about $17 million to $18 million. And both Stanley and I will discuss that in greater detail, but that is a Q4 event since the transaction closed in early Q4. For 2018, we expect the effective tax rate to be a little bit higher to be in the range of 28% and 29%. And this increase over 2017 is primarily because of the ASU 2016-09 accounting literature, which relates to tax benefits on stock-based compensation. This standard primarily impacts us in Q1 each year, as this is when the majority of our stock-based awards vest at Henry Schein. We expect a higher tax rate based on the estimated share price and the number of shares that are expected to vest in 2018. This higher tax rate will, of course, negatively impact our 2018 diluted EPS growth assumptions since we expect the tax benefit from stock-based compensation to be less in 2018 than it was in 2017. Moving on to net income attributable to Henry Schein for the third quarter of 2017, it was $138.0 million or $0.87 per diluted share. This compares with the GAAP results for the third quarter of 2016 and represents growth of 3.2% and 6.1%, respectively. Compared with the non-GAAP results for third quarter of 2016, this represents growth of 0.2% and 3.6%, respectively. I'll also note that foreign exchange had a positive impact on our diluted EPS for the quarter of almost $0.01. Let me provide some additional detail on our sales results for the quarter. Our Dental sales for the third quarter of 2017 increased 11.1% to $1.5 billion. Internally generated sales in local currencies were up 1.6%, acquisitions contributed 7.5%, and there was a 2.0% increase to foreign exchange. Our North American internal sales growth in local currencies was 0.8% and included 1.3% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise. The growth in consumable products was negatively impacted by approximately 50 basis points, as a result of the recent hurricanes, and an additional approximately 90 basis points due to a loss of a previously disclosed DSO contract. Our internal sales growth in local currencies would have been 2.7% without these two factors. We also expect stable market growth for the dental consumable merchandise business going forward. Our North American dental equipment sales and service revenue declined by 0.7% for the quarter. This is primarily related to a difficult prior-year comparison in which internal sales growth was 13.3% in local currency. That growth was in part due to a very successful sales promotion in the prior year. Also, our dental equipment sales growth was negatively impacted by approximately 60 basis points from the hurricanes and by approximately an additional 110 basis points from the loss of that same previously disclosed DSO contract. However, it's important also to note that at the end of the quarter, our equipment backlog continued to remain healthy. So early in the fourth quarter, we divested our 21.4% equity ownership of E4D Technologies, the manufacturer of the Planmeca CAD/CAM system. We will continue to distribute the Planmeca line of CAD/CAM products in the U.S. and Canada on a non-exclusive basis, and in Australia and New Zealand on an exclusive basis. Planmeca manufactures a highly respected brand of advanced digital dental solutions, and we are pleased to continue to represent their products to Henry Schein customers. The divestiture is expected to generate a one-time non-cash charge of between $17 million and $18 million or $0.10 to $0.11 per diluted share in Q4 2017. Turning to international, our international dental internal growth in local currencies was 3.2% and included 3.4% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise and 2.6% growth in dental equipment sales and service revenue. Our Animal Health sales were $882.6 million for the third quarter, which was an increase of 11.7%. Here, we see internal generated sales growth in local currencies was up 8.0%, acquisitions contributed an additional 1.9% and there was a 1.8% increase due to foreign exchange. The 8.0% internal growth in local currencies included 9.0% growth in North America and 6.9% growth internationally. About 30 basis points of sales growth in North America was from certain products switching between agency sales and direct sales, resulting in a normalized growth of about 8.7%. Also, the sales growth in North America also included a negative impact from the hurricanes of about 50 basis points. We believe the strong sales growth reflects the healthy end market and our commitment to offering a wide range of products and value-added solutions. Turning to Medical sales, they were $690.8 million for the third quarter, an increase of 8.0%. Internally generated sales in local currencies were up 7.8%, acquisitions contributed an additional 0.1% and an increase in foreign exchange was the remaining 0.1%. Of that 7.8% internal growth in local currencies, included 7.9% in North America; and that 7.9% also includes a negative impact of hurricanes of about 25 basis points. And the international internal growth in local currencies was 4.5%. We are very pleased with our Medical growth, which was primarily driven by strong organic growth of existing larger customers. Our Technology and Value-Added Services sales were $109 million in the quarter, an increase of 4.1%. Internally generated sales in local currencies were up 3.0%, acquisitions an additional 0.7% and 0.4% due to foreign exchange. The 3% internal growth in local currencies included 2% growth in North America and 8.7% growth internationally. I think it's important to note that within North America, that 2% growth reflects lower dental software sales and financial services revenue versus the prior year's quarter. The financial services revenue was primarily related to lower dental equipment sales. Obviously as we have lower sales, we finance less equipment because of the lower sales. We don't believe that there was any significant impact on the technology business related to the hurricanes. In the international market, we had strong growth of 8.7%, highlighted by strong veterinary software revenue growth. Related to stock repurchase, we continue to repurchase common stock in the open market during the third quarter. More specifically during Q3, we spent about $125 million to repurchase approximately 1.4 million shares. The impact of this repurchase on our third quarter diluted EPS was not material. On September 18, 2017, we announced that our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $400 million of shares of our common stock. So, at the close of the third quarter, Henry Schein had approximately $425 million authorized for future repurchases of our common stock. Our capital allocation strategy is focusing on deploying a large portion of our annual free cash flow to both share repurchases and M&A activities. We believe the strategy is a key component of our commitment to increasing shareholder value. If we take a brief look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow, operating cash flow was $131.4 million compared to $178.6 million in the third quarter of last year, and we believe we'll continue to have strong operating cash flow for the year. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding were virtually unchanged over the last year and inventory turns increased slightly by 0.1 turn on the current year. So let me just conclude my remarks by discussing our 2017 and 2018 financial guidance. For 2017, we now expect GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein and that includes the litigation settlement expenses to be $3.46 to $3.48, and that guidance reflects growth of 12% compared to the 2006 GAAP guidance – or GAAP actual results of $3.10. We are adjusting our 2017 non-GAAP guidance range and now expect non-GAAP diluted EPS, which excludes the litigation settlement expenses, as well as the Q4 loss associated with the E4D divestiture to be in the range of $3.59 to $3.61. This guidance reflects growth of 8% to 9% compared with 2016 non-GAAP diluted EPS of $3.31, and that $3.31 in the prior year also excludes the restructuring cost. So, looking at Q4, we expect the U.S. dental market conditions to continue to be stable. I'll also note that we expect one-time integration cost of approximately $1.3 million related to the integration of Merritt Veterinary Supplies, as we consolidate the Merritt distribution centers into the existing Henry Schein facilities and combine our systems. We also expect continued lower gross margins in both Europe and the new DSO contracts, although we expect these lower gross margins will be partially mitigated by lower operating expenses. For fiscal 2017, it includes one less week than 2016. Note also that our guidance for 2017 EPS attributable to Henry Schein is for current continuing operations, as well as any completed or previously announced acquisition, but does not include the impact of potential future unannounced acquisitions, if any. Guidance also assumes that the foreign exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels. Turning to next year, we are introducing guidance for 2018. At this time, please note that our 2018 guidance is based on current revenue recognition standards. However, we do not believe that the impact of the new revenue recognition standard ASC 606 will be material to our earnings results. We are continuing to review that situation. And should that be different, we'll obviously update shareholders. For 2018, we expect diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein to be $3.85 to $3.96. That reflects growth of 11% to 14% compared with the mid-point of our 2017 GAAP guidance, and growth of 7% to 10% compared with the mid-point of our 2017 non-GAAP guidance range. As a reminder, we expect to have less stock-based compensation tax benefit in 2018 than we did in 2017. Therefore, we are guiding towards a effective tax rate of 1 percentage points to 2 percentage points higher than the 2017 rate. We would also expect that the lower gross margins that we've experienced in Europe, as well as in the U.S. related to the new DSO contracts will continue until it annualizes later – or late in 2018. Again, this guidance assumes that our end markets remain stable and are consistent with current market conditions. The 2018 guidance attributable – EPS guidance attributable to Henry Schein is for continuing operations again, as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions and does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions if any. And again, we assume that foreign exchange rates are consistent with current levels. So with that summary, let me now turn the call back to Stanley.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Steven. We believe Henry Schein serves the largest worldwide base of dental, animal health and medical office space practitioners, and we remain confident in our ability to continue to drive EPS growth through increased sales and margins complemented by operating efficiencies, driven through our unique infrastructure and strong value-added services offering. We have believed in the statement now for the 22 years that we've been a public company, and remain confident as ever that we as a company are well positioned to continue sales growth through internal local currency growth, coupled with synergistic acquisition growth. Excluding the impact of the hurricanes and the loss of the previously disclosed DSO contract, our internal growth in local currencies in the third quarter was 5.4%. We believe that that is at least 2 times, if not more, the market growth. We have a solid track record of gaining market share with normalized internal local currency growth, which has been in the range of 4% to 6% for the past 14 quarters. I started the call this way, and I'd like to stress this. And of course, even before that 14 – for the last 14 quarters, the track record has been outstanding. We remain confident that we can supplement our internal local currency growth with synergistic acquisitions. We have a policy of not talking about acquisitions specifically until the acquisition is closed. And so we do not want to count our chickens before they hatch, but we do have a decent pipeline of acquisitions, of M&A investments, and putting money to work – capital to work, so that we could increase our synergies over time and driving operating income, and so EPS growth. We have, as a priority, a plan to increase sales of higher-margin products, and so continue to drive gross margin improvements. We believe we can enhance our offering with additional technology and other solutions, including specialty products, product exclusives, and the Henry Schein brand and other controlled solutions to name a few areas of focus. At Henry Schein, we have a longstanding ongoing commitment to efficiency in all that we do. Of course, at our world class distribution centers, in the field through our field sales consultants and regional offices, and of course the corporate head office, and through streamlining acquired businesses. We are constantly looking for ways to be more efficient, all the while maintaining our commitment to best-in-class customer service and order accuracy that Henry Schein is known for throughout the world. We are also committed to the success of our manufacturing partners, no less today than ever before, and of course, to the growth and profitability of our dental, animal health, and physician customer practices, which is at the heart of our strategy. With that background, let me now begin my review of our full business units with dental. The North American dental consumable merchandise internal growth in local currency was 2.7%, when excluding the impact of the hurricanes and the loss of previously disclosed DSO – and the previously disclosed DSO contract. Again, we believe we continue to gain market share in this market. Based on our current view, we continue to expect stable market growth for dental consumable merchandise across North America. We believe the domestic dental market should realize unit growth improvement over time, driven by demographics of the aging population, as well as by emphasis that is gaining momentum, showing the link between good oral care and overall health. North American dental equipment internal growth in local currencies faced a tough prior year comparison as Steven mentioned. However, we see continued capital equipment investments by North American practices, which is indeed encouraging as we consider the health and stability of the broader end market. One of the areas we are most excited about in the dental professions is the dental professions' continued adoption of digital technologies. We are fully committed to offering a broad set of digital solutions on behalf of all of our manufacturing partners aimed at realizing greater practice efficiencies and enhanced patient satisfaction. In addition, we are pleased with the initial reception from dental customers in North America, following the addition of the full line of Dentsply Sirona dental equipment. We believe that practices leveraging dental technologies, not only increase the efficiency of the diagnosis and the effectiveness of the diagnosis, treatment and productivity with existing patients, but advanced technologies will also drive greater patient flow through the practitioners' offices, due to the enhanced services they offer. This is the most exciting dental strategy, the advance – at the moment in Henry Schein, the advancing of digital technology in our customers' offices. Henry Schein now has access to a wide and comprehensive offering of digital prosthetic equipment solutions, and, therefore, as Steven mentioned, we divested our equity interest in E4D Technologies a few weeks ago. This is a logical step in the evolution of our goal to offer a broad selection of dental equipment solutions to our customers through an open architecture market approach. The Planmeca restorative system, including the Emerald digital intraoral scanner, which has recently been released, will continue to be an important offering enabling dental practitioners to deliver high-quality, one-visit dental restoration. We are looking forward to continuing to represent the Planmeca CAD/CAM brand as part of our efforts to advance our leadership position in the dental digital marketplace. We believe CAD/CAM represents an attractive long-term growth opportunity. We will continue to represent the complete lines of equipment from other key suppliers as well, including 3M, 3Shape, A-dec, Danaher, Ivoclar, Midmark, Planmeca, and many others. Also, we continue to be well-positioned in the global dental lab market providing solutions for digital restorations that are outsourced to laboratory facilities. We also now had access to a broad line of digital prosthetic materials and as a result recently divested our ownership position in a company that produces materials used for manufacturing dental restorations and distributes lab products in China. Our investment provided us with access to high-quality zirconia products, a clinically advanced prosthetic material used in digital dentistry. Today, we are well-positioned globally with our supply of zirconia and other CAD/CAM-related materials, and, therefore, elected to divest of this position. There was a slight gain on this divestiture in the third quarter. So, I have to say that we are very pleased today with our comprehensive offering of all digital equipment and related materials from imaging to digital prosthetics in the office, the operatory and also in the dental laboratory. It's been a long journey to get to this point, but we are finally here, and I'm very, very pleased with our offering and our commitment to open architecture that is so well connected with our digital practice management platform and the related clinical workstation that we offer to our customers both in small, medium-sized, large practices institutions like dental schools and elsewhere, including the U.S. military. On the international front, dental consumable merchandise and dental equipment internal sales in local currencies both grew in the low single-digits. In particular, we are pleased about dental specialties internal local currency sales performance, which increased by 10% in the third quarter. Our global implant orthodontic, endodontic and other dental surgical solution continues to be well-received in the marketplace. Relative to our plan to expand our dental specialty product sales, our endodontic specialty subsidiary recently made an investment in EdgeEndo, as an additional source of endodontic products for our dental practitioners and for the endo platform that we have. EdgeEndo in 2016 had sales of approximately $17 million. We are pleased that the EdgeEndo product offering will now be available to our customers in our dental specialty arena. And they will, in turn, supply additional innovative endodontic products to complement our portfolio of solutions in the endodontic area. Let me now touch on the Animal Health business. Our sales performance in the Animal Health business in the third quarter reflects strong execution across our global business. These markets continue to remain healthy with growth in North America, driven by our focus on the companion animal segment. We believe this growth is due to the breadth of our value-added solutions offering, including an enhanced product portfolio featuring software, diagnostic equipment, and surgical instruments. During the quarter, we announced and closed on our acquisition of Merritt Veterinary Supplies, which is one of the nation's largest independent regional veterinary suppliers with sales in 2016 of approximately $115 million. Merritt serves approximately 4,500 veterinary clinics and will become part of the Henry Schein Animal Health group. We believe Merritt will meaningfully add to the scale of our U.S. animal health business, while reinforcing our existing presence across the Eastern U.S. It also will benefit our diagnostic equipment/surgical instrument businesses, including scil, KRUUSE, and veterinary instrumentation. We expect Merritt to be accretive to earnings per share at the beginning of 2018. Now, let me address the activities in our Medical group. Solid internal sales growth in local currencies of 7.8% was driven by contributions from the large group practice segment of the market we have focused on for some time. This success reflects our commitment to solutions that help customers provide quality care and increase value in the delivery of health care services. In keeping with our desire to expand our offering of specialized solutions that help physicians provide high-quality care, we announced an agreement with Cerebral Assessment Systems to distribute Cognivue. This is the first computerized cognitive assessment screening device cleared by the FDA to detect early signs of dementia. We also entered into an exclusive agreement with Terason to distribute its uSmart 3200T portable ultrasound device. This product enables emergency responders to perform exams in medical transport patient vehicles and in aircrafts, and alert emergency room staff of relevant patient vitals while the patient is in transit. Our customers rely on us to offer technology-advanced devices such as this to help triage traumatic situations that require quick decision-making and treatment. So, now the final group, the Technology and Value-Added Services group. As Steve noted, our results in North America reflect lower dental software sales. During the quarter, we refocused a significant portion of our technology sales force as we prepared to launch the Dentsply Sirona dental equipment product line this past September. With this initial ramp up, we expect our software sales in the fourth quarter to improve sequentially. Then we also point out that now with some of the larger accounts that we are providing services to on the software side, sales can be somewhat lumpy. Indeed, a prime example of our value-added solutions portfolio is our software expertise. Our solutions help customers cost-efficiently manage their practice, while identifying new ways to attract and retain clients. This could be through clinical workflow integration between patient records, equipment, laboratory, connectivity, inventory management tools or marketing campaign. It is our consultative approach paired with our commitment to building technological solutions around the practice of specific needs that makes us such a valued partner to our customers. Our highlight in this business has been market reception of our cloud-based practice management solution known as Dentrix Ascend. With this versatile software platform, solo- and now multiple-site practices can manage their practices with advanced next-generation practice management capabilities, store practice data in the cloud, and access information about that practice at that time. This is especially important for dentists who practice in multiple sites that require access to patient information from any location, so that they can create reports, track patient's care and centralize business operations. With continued pressure on dental practices to remain efficient and productive, Dentrix Ascend is an excellent tool for streamlining practice processes for a wide spectrum of dental practices, but let me stress, particularly for the growing and larger dental practice – group practices, who are now seeking the efficient software in the cloud. Of course, a highlight of our business has been our partnership with Cerner, Leidos, and Accenture in servicing the health care management systems, modernizing the Department of Defense digital platform in dentistry. The roll out of the Electronic Medical Record system is making good progress with three military sites live and functioning and a fourth in process. According to the Defense Department, this project will support the availability of Electronic Health Records to more than 9.4 million Department of Defense beneficiaries and appropriately 205,000 Military Health System personnel globally. We are most pleased to be part of this very important project. So, a couple of closing comments before we take questions. And let me just reflect for a moment on a series of natural disasters across the U.S. over the past couple of months that have tested our nation. We are committed to providing relief organizations with health care supplies that need to support public health, so communities can get back on their feet and begin to work. We're also committed to working with our customers to get them back on their feet, whether this means activating helplines or joining the appropriate symposium on practice recovery as we have already done in Houston. In line with Henry Schein and its supplier partners have donated more than $600,000 of cash and products to relief organizations and associations working in the hurricane-affected areas in the Southern part of the U.S. and into the Caribbean. We are working directly with organizations can make a difference on the ground. Of course, our hearts go out to those who were tragically killed yesterday in Texas. On a more positive note, Henry Schein recently celebrated important milestones with the 25th anniversary of our Indianapolis distribution center, and the 15th anniversary of the Jacksonville facility, two of our five core distribution centers in the U.S. These are extremely productive distribution centers customized to the needs of the office-based practitioner. We thank the Team Schein Members in all of our distribution centers, and all of our distribution centers across the company in the U.S. and globally for the Henry Schein success on the distribution side. So, that concludes my – Steve and my prepared remarks, and we are now pleased to answer questions from participants. Thank you. Operator?
Operator: Your first question will come from the line of Kevin Ellich with Craig-Hallum.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess, Steve, wanted to go back to your comments on gross margin. Could you quantify or give us a little bit more detail on the three factors that you laid out: the product mix; Dental specialty in European; Dental in Germany, and how much of an impact do you think that will have in 2018?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. Well, let me – we're not going to be very specific on that, but I would say that probably the largest impact was the European Dental business, which probably had the biggest impact in gross margins. I think it's important to note that we see that as something that as we continue to build out our value-added services in Europe that are not as advanced as we do have in the U.S. So, for example, in Germany, we don't have software solutions among other value-added services. So, we do think there's opportunity to improve those margins over time, and of course, we're looking at operating expense efficiencies also. So, that was probably the largest. The second largest was probably product mix, where product mix worked against us, where the fastest-growing businesses were the slowest margin. And then, even within Medical and Animal Health, we had some mix issues. Specifically in Medical, we have lower gross margins on flu vaccine versus a year ago. And the last was special markets or dental support organizations. But we mentioned that even though we're smaller in the current quarter, it will be a little bit larger in Q4 and into 2018 until those contracts annualize. We're also working at being more efficient to improve the profitability of those contracts over time, but that's still something we're working on.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: And then, Steve, on the guidance for 2018, how much of an impact does the divestment of E4D – of your investment in E4D have on the EPS guidance?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. Really very little, because we picked up in the affiliate income our share of the gain or loss, but we'll continue to sell the E4D products and we would expect that sales would be still good. And remember, we only have a small interest of about 20% in E4D, so really not significant impact on the EPS.
Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Sarah James with Piper Jaffray.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you. I appreciate the comments on the headwinds and tailwinds driving your 2018 guidance, but I wanted to clarify a few items. So, you said that you expect dental consumables to improve over time. Was that counted in 2018 guidance? Are you talking about longer term? Then, on DSO contracts, does your guidance assume any improvement in margins over the course of the contract? Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yes. So, I'll comment on improving Dental markets. It was really a longer-term comment. We really have not factored that in at this time in 2018. So, we'll wait and see how that turns out, and if we see an improvement, then of course there'll be some upside. With respect to DSO contracts, we have initiatives where we think we can improve the profit – by the way, they're still profitable, so it's not like they're not profitable, but we do want to improve the profitability of DSO contracts. We're being a bit conservative there, because that's still work in process, so there's still some opportunity there in 2018 should we do better than what's in that guidance.
Sarah E. James - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Great. Thanks for the questions. Just looking at the North American dental consumables in the quarter, it sounds like adjusting for the hurricane and the DSO loss, growth would have been closer to around 2.7%, somewhere in that neighborhood. I'm wondering, how would you guys characterize the health of the North American end market that you saw in the quarter? And then, if you could, I think last quarter you provided some helpful insight into the breakdown between price and volume within the growth you saw in North America dental consumables, that'd be helpful.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. I think that's the key question and I think the question that so many investors would like answer. It's very hard to give you a precise answer. Having said that, just attended the meeting of the American College of Prosthodontists, and the impression I get is that visits are stable; there are parts of the country a little bit ahead; we've seen a little bit increased number of procedures, but generally, I would say it's flat. Furthermore, I would say that inflation is very, very little. It is a little bit, but there's also a movement more towards generics, towards corporate brands, and I would say even in some areas, a movement towards lower-cost brands. So, overall, that would be – if that was the only change, all other things being equal, it would improve our margin. But generally, I would say the market is stable and in terms of units, and – there is a little bit of net price inflation, but not much because the price increase of the branded manufacturers are being mitigated by the use of corporate brand generics and lower-cost brands. So, I would say that the market is relatively stable. Longer term – and we are not contemplating this in our budgeting and in fact in our strategic plan for the next three years, because we'd rather be conservative – we're expecting the market in the U.S., in North America in terms of units to be stable with very slight increase in prices as some of the bigger customers move their volume towards more generic-type products, which is not bad from our margin point of view, but at least I think we need to be a little bit more conservative.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And I guess just, Steve, the company targets about 20 basis points of organic operating margin expansion each year. It looks like this year you're trending a little bit below that target. I guess, what's the impact of this year, and then how should we think about your ability to expand margins next year? What's reflected in the 2018 guidance closer to that 20 bps target?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. So, for the current year, we will be below that 20 basis points target, and as I said for nine months we were, on a normalized basis, about 6 basis points. Typically, Q4 is a strong margin for us, because of strong sales of technology as well as equipment. So, there should be hopefully some upside there. I think – we still think that operating margin expansion is very doable for us. It may not be exactly 20 basis points, maybe a little bit below that for 2018, but we still feel like there's a lot of opportunity to be more efficient, leverage the infrastructure, et cetera, to achieve that, and it's important to our financial model to be able to achieve that. So, we're still calling for overall operating margin expansion.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, guys. So yeah, maybe one more follow-up question on guidance for next year, and then I do have a DSO question as well. But, Steve, on your tax rate guidance for next year, by my math, that's about $0.10 or so, about 2.5 points to EPS. Just want to confirm that that math year-over-year is at least ballpark accurate. And then, to the point you just made, it would seem to imply then that your guidance for next year on the operating margin line is flat to maybe up 10 basis points or so. Is that about ballpark accurate as well? Thanks.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. It depends on – I think your math is correct. It depends on where in that 1 percentage point to 2 percentage points we end up because as you could imagine, there are a lot of moving factors in an effective tax rate. And we still are trying to estimate for this stock-based compensation. We still have to estimate the number of shares that we'll vest next year, as well as what the stock price will be on that vesting date. So, there's a little bit of things beyond our control in order to be very precise on that. But yes, it is a significant headwind for us. With respect to overall margins – and I said on the last question that I think it will be a little bit lower than the 20 basis points. So that's in line with what you're saying. But we still expect to get overall margin expansion in 2018.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right. And then the follow-up on that and it's kind of tied to DSOs. I think we've all heard of one or two of the big renegotiations that have happened here recently. But what percentage of your DSO contracts are now locked in for maybe a multi-year basis or what are the odds that we get into 2018, and there's another kind of big round of renegotiations that we have to think about impacting as we go then into 2019? Just any comfort or any kind of color you can give us on where you are with your DSOs and how we should think about the next few years on a contractual basis.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. It's a good question, Jeff. So, we believe that at this point, all of our major DSOs have multi-year agreements. Yes, there are some smaller ones that are not multi-year at this point. But I think the risk is all behind us. I think the fact that all of the major ones now are tied up in long-term agreements, means that the risk, while – it's not that there's no risk going forward. It's really much smaller than before this.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Jeff, let me just add that I think it's becoming clearly understood amongst the DSO community, as well as the mid-market community that Henry Schein brings unique value not only on the supply chain side, but on the consulting side and increasingly on the software side. So, every now and again, every few years, we do have a loss of an account, so pick up multiple accounts in that period. So, I think this market is quite stable and we're enjoying very good relationships with our large accounts. I have to say I've spent time with a few of them recently and the feeling that Henry Schein provides, the value that they are seeking as they're growing their businesses is quite high. So, I think we're in pretty good shape.
Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc.: Chantelle, we're ready for the next question.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning and thanks for the time here. Maybe first one for me is actually on Europe. I really appreciate the narrative that you just gave there on the DSO dynamics. It would be really helpful on the gross margin front if you could just expand a little bit on some of the earlier commentary on Europe and margins and help us understand how things are evolving there.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Well, so Europe, as people probably know, is still a market where there is still many, many smaller distributors out there. And, again, I think for us we feel like there's a big opportunity still in Europe, especially on the margin, even though the margin is contracting right now. But again, we need to continue to advance all of our value-added solutions in order to bring more value to our customers, so they're not focused on the price of that last product even though we intend to be very competitive. But we do more than just get products sufficiently to customers at a very good price. We want to show all the value-add that we need to get compensated for also. So, it's still a very small market. Most of the players are really just competing on price. They don't have the value-add. They don't have anything other than price and a little bit of relationship to compete on. So, over time, I think we'll have nice opportunities improving that.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And then a quick follow-up for me is actually on U.S. dental equipment. I wonder if you could just talk about, given some of the changes that you've made both with regard to E4D and with regard to Dentsply Sirona, how you think about the trajectory of the U.S. dental equipment business within 2018. Thanks so much.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: We're quite optimistic, feel pretty good about the equipment market in the U.S., actually globally at the moment. I think there is a good movement towards dentists investing in their practices. In the traditional equipment area, I think, we're doing well with A-dec. I think Danaher, Midmark, other manufacturers, including Planmeca, I think, they've invested in their offerings, and these are well received by the customers on the traditional side, chairs, units, lights. On imaging, I think there is still a lot of momentum to adding the digital imaging into the practice, still some practices that don't have it and there are practices upgrading. And CAD/CAM is the area of great excitement. The scan-only, we continue to do well there. We have quite a large offering. These systems are, by and large, either integrated into Dentrix, Easy Dental, Ascend, college system, a dental school system, where they're about to be integrated. And I think there's huge opportunity there. And in the chairside units, I think full chairside, CAD/CAM, lots of excitement there. I think the Henry Schein salespeople add excitement to the marketplace, encouraging dentists to look at the full system, the addition of the Sirona line to us, the expansion of the offering by Planmeca, all of this adds excitement to the CAD/CAM chairside arena. And there's a lot of activity going on in the laboratory, as the laboratory moves from manual to digitalized dentistry. So, we remain quite optimistic about equipment. I believe Steven mentioned our pipeline is quite good going into the fourth quarter. I think last year, we had about 13% growth in the third quarter. So, if you average that out with now – with this past quarter, 6%, 7-or-so-percent growth is quite good. It's certainly more than the market is growing. We are excited about this area both from the interest of a dentist in equipment and equipment technology, and our ability to continue to grow market share tying that into our digital practice solutions platform as well.
Operator: And your final question will come from the line of Jon Block with Stifel.
Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks. Good morning, appreciate fitting me in. I'll ask maybe just one question with two parts. Steven, I may have missed this, but did you give any concrete numbers to sort of traditional consumable growth versus at a specialty? And then the second part would be Stanley, within traditional consumables, do you see an increased risk of, call it, a subset of these traditional consumables going to a pure online provider, possibly at slightly lower cost? Thanks, guys.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. So, on the first piece of your question, I didn't give specifics, but the specialty sales growth did grow faster. I think it was in the mid-single-digit range, I don't have the exact number in front of me, but somewhere in the mid-single digit range. So yes, it continue to grow faster than the core consumable number.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: So, thank you, Steven. You're asking I think a very important question. On the digital standalone potential consumer distributors, there has always been and a price-driven components in dentistry. This has been the case for almost 40 years. Henry Schein built our initial business on coming out with a catalog, listing prices of all products, having those prices in stock and having great fulfillment. We were able to get to about 8% market share and could not go beyond that because dentist need much more than the consumable products at a discounted price if you will. So, two points. One is that there are several companies out there that started out as mail order, and moved to telesales, and now are digital platforms. We have interests in those companies throughout the world, including one in the U.S., the biggest. And these businesses grow, but didn't grow much differently to the traditional full service dealers in terms of consumable products. The key here is for us to continue to offer the value added services, so that our value mainly that of our field sales consulting force. Today, about 4,500 people around the world remains relevant and that the customers are prepared to pay and they pay some amount for those consultants to visit them, provide them the consulting advice on how to run the practice, on clinical efficiency, on quality of care, on simple business questions like where can I find somebody to help me run my office when I lost a general manager or lost somebody at the desk. I need to understand somebody who could help me use Dentrix. I need to find somebody who can help me do my marketing. All those kinds of things is a huge value in that. So, we believe that the value-added service part of the offering continues to grow in importance and we're investing heavily in that area. So, the digital platform is an ordering platform, sometimes offered by standalone companies that only offer consumable products and is a part of the market that goes there. And if it becomes really a price issue, well, Henry Schein has the largest variety of private brand, controlled brand products in the industry. We have practically everything a practitioner may need at very good prices. And if it becomes a price situation, we can win on that only – if that's the only issue. So, there are lot of challenges that we have to face in our business like every other business. But to me this is not on the top of the list; this is an area we have to focus on. We have to focus on our digital software platform. We're investing in that, part of the expenses – additional expenses in 2016, 2017 and certainly 2018, 2019, and 2020 will be in the area of software to make our ordering platform even more efficient, more user-friendly, tying it into automatic order replenishment, video capability for particular product offerings, study clubs, all that kind of stuff. I don't think that that is something that our competitors in the supply chain only will be able to compete with. Having said that, I think it will remain a modest size of the market of somewhere between 10%, 15% that will be priced only, and in that market, Henry Schein will continue to compete and compete very well, although on the major investment in the U.S., we do not even consolidate those sales. But I will say that the growth there is not much different to what it's been in the Henry Schein core business. So, we need to invest in a lot of areas, of course, in the digital platform and in our value-added services in general, and I think those investments will be well worth it and continue to help us create shareholder value in the years to come.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Jon, let me just update the dental specialty growth. Actually, I looked at the number; it's a little bit higher on a global basis. I said mid-single digits, but on a global basis, it's almost 10%. So, I just wanted to update you on that.
Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks, guys, for you time.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: So thank you all for calling in, really remain excited about where we're heading. I think we need to continue to invest in the business, as I described. I think we will continue to do well in our basic consumable and equipment businesses, dental, medical, vet, dental laboratory, and I'm particularly excited with the opportunity of increasing our operating profits, as a result of the work we're doing in the specialty areas and in the practice solution software areas, of course, all the while increasing efficiency in the business, while providing the best of products at the best value offering to our customers. So, we remain very excited about where we're heading. Steven can be reached at 621-843-5915. Carolynne Borders can be reached at 631...
Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc.: ...390-8105.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: And they're both heading out now to the investor conference in Arizona. And they're available if people have questions. So, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the third quarter of 2017. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc. Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc. Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.
Analysts: Nathan Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Austin T. Quackenbush - Piper Jaffray & Co. Michael Cherny - UBS Securities LLC Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to Henry Schein's Second Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Andrea, and thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the second quarter of 2017. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve including growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. The contents of this conference call contain time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, August 8, 2017. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion, you limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue, allowing as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for this call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'd like to start today's call by making a few high-level comments. We are pleased with the overall sales results of the second quarter of 2017 in each of our global Dental, Animal Health and Medical businesses. We delivered solid earnings per share growth as we continue to implement our strategy of growing the business organically and through acquisitions. We strongly believe that our strategic framework is built on a commitment to help our customers operate more efficient and successful practices and has worked well for us for many, many years. As a result, many of our products, technologies and solutions have leading positions in our market. And our corporate focus remains on delivering consistent earnings growth over the long term while investing in our business for the future that will continue to be driven by healthcare innovation. So, we are particularly pleased with our strong second quarter of 2017. We look forward to providing you with additional color on the quarter and of course responding to any questions that the investor community may have. So in a moment, I'll provide some additional commentary on our recent business performance and accomplishments. But first, Steve will review our financial results. Steve?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to all. As we begin, I'd like to point out certain items impacting our second quarter results. Our Q2 2017 results include a litigation settlement expense of approximately $5.3 million pre-tax or $0.04 per diluted share. And our Q2 2016 results include restructuring cost of $20.4 million pre-tax or $0.18 per diluted share. I will be discussing our results as reported on a GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis which excludes the litigation settlement in the current quarter as well as the prior year restructuring costs. We believe that the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful information about the financial performance of our business, enable comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for GAAP measures. You can look at Exhibit B in this morning's earning release for a complete reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP disclosures, as well as the reconciliations being provided on our Investor Relations sections of our website. Okay. If we look to our results for the quarter, net sales for the quarter ended July 1, 2017 were $3.1 billion, reflecting a 6.5% increase compared with the second quarter of 2016. This consisted of 7.7% growth in local currencies and a 1.2% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, internally generated sales increased 4.4% and acquisition growth was an additional 3.3%. Again, details of our sales growth are contained in Exhibit A of our earnings news release issued this morning. Operating margin for the second quarter of 2017 was 6.9% and expanded 60 basis points compared with the second quarter of 2016, that's on a GAAP basis. I'd like to provide some additional details with respect to operating margin for the quarter. First relates to the inclusion of restructuring costs in the second quarter of last year. These restructuring costs in the prior year favorably impacted our operating margin comparison by 71 basis points. Second, the litigation expense incurred in the second quarter of this year negatively impacted our operating margin by 17 basis points. And third, the third item relates to acquisitions completed during the past 12 months and related acquisition expense, which combined to negatively impact the expansion by 6 basis points. There was no material impact between agency sales and direct sales during the quarter. So, if you exclude these three items, the net impact of these items, our operating margin expanded by 12 basis points for the quarter. Our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2017 was 28.7% and on a non-GAAP basis, it was 29%. This compares to 27.4% in the second quarter of 2016 also on a non-GAAP basis. So, as we have previously stated, we implemented ASU 2016-09, which will lower our overall tax rate for the year and the greatest impact has been seen in our first quarter results. So, with that, we continue to believe that our full year effective tax rate on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis will be in the 27% range. Net income attributable to Henry Schein for the second quarter of 2017 was $136.1 million or $1.71 per diluted share, representing increases of 13.3% and 17.1%, respectively. And that compares with the second quarter of 2006 (sic) [2016] (7:55) GAAP results. On a non-GAAP basis, again, excluding the litigation expense from the current year and the restructuring cost from the prior year, our net income was $139.3 million or $1.75 per diluted share and represents increases of 2.9% and 6.7% respectively when compared with the second quarter of 2016. I will also note that foreign currency exchange negatively impacted our diluted EPS for the quarter by approximately $0.01 per share. Let me now provide some detail on our sales results for the second quarter, starting with Dental. Our Dental sales for the second quarter of 2017 increased 8.4% to $1.5 billion. Internally generated sales in local currencies were up 3.1%. Acquisitions contributed 6.3% and there was a 1% decrease due to foreign exchange. Our North American internal sales growth in local currencies was 3.8% and included 0.8% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise. We expect to continue to see low single-digit merchandise growth for the remainder of the year. That's in line with current end market growth rates. Our dental equipment sales and service revenue grew by 14.8%, this strong growth was due in part to an easier comparable versus Q2 2016, in which our internal sales growth of equipment was 2.7% in local currencies. It's also important to point out that we'd expect to have a difficult year-over-year comparison in Q3, as Q3 of last year was positively impacted by sales promotion, which helped contribute to internal sales growth of 13.3% in local currencies last year. Turning to international, our international dental internal growth in local currencies was 2.0% and included 1.4% growth in dental consumable merchandise and 3.6% growth in dental equipment sales and service revenue. While we saw a double-digit equipment sales growth in Germany in part driven by the IDS trade show, this growth was partially offset by lower growth in the Australian and Italian markets. On an overall basis, we believe we continue to outpace the global dental market in Q2, and we remain confident in our business strategy. Our Animal Health sales for the quarter were $891.3 million, an increase of 4.4%. Internally generated sales in local currencies were up 5.8%. Acquisitions contributed an additional 0.9% and there was a 2.3% decrease due to foreign exchange. That's 5.8% internal growth in local currencies included 5.9% growth in North America and 5.7% growth internationally. Sales growth from certain products switching between agency and direct sales in North America positively impacted our growth by approximately 80 basis points in the second quarter of 2017. Medical, our Medical sales were $571.4 million in the second quarter, an increase of 6.1%. Internally generated sales in local currencies were the same 6.1% and acquisitions contributed 0.1% and foreign exchange offset that 0.1% by a slight decrease of 0.1%. The 6.1% internal growth in local currencies included 6.3% growth in North America and a slight decline of 0.5% internationally. We are very pleased with our Medical growth, which was driven by strong organic growth from existing customers. We believe we are continuing to gain market share in our Medical business. Technology and Value-Added Services sales were $108.5 million in the quarter, an increase of 1.4%. Internally generated sales in local currencies were up 2.2%, acquisitions contributed 0.6% and there was a 1.4% decrease due to foreign exchange. If we look at that 2.2% growth overall, it included 0.3% growth in North America and 12.4% growth internationally. I think it's important to understand the components of that 0.3% growth in North America and it did include very strong growth in our North American financial services business which is related to strong dental equipment sales and the financial services business grew by 13.6%. However, the sales growth was negatively impacted by a difficult comparison in the prior year related to revenue associated with the Department of Defense contract that was completed last year and had very strong revenue in Q2 last year. This negatively impacted our growth rate by about 135 basis points. In addition, we had some lower sales primarily related to discontinued, lower margin products in our value-added services mix, which negatively impacted our sales growth by approximately 230 basis points. It's important to note that that was a decision that we made to stop selling some of these lower margin products and it had very little impact on the bottom line. Excluding the impact of both of these items, our North American Technology and Value-Added Services internal sales growth in local currencies was approximately 4.0%. International markets for technology sales growth was 12.4% and was highlighted by very strong software revenue growth in the UK as well as solid growth in our financial services business. During the quarter, we continued to repurchase common stock in the open market. Specifically, we repurchased approximately 289,000 shares during the quarter at an average price of $173.16 per share, or approximately $50 million of cash outlay. The impact of the repurchase of shares, this impact on the second quarter was immaterial. At the close of the quarter, we had approximately $150 million authorized for future repurchases of common stock. And we believe we will continue to drive increased shareholder value through our capital allocation strategy, which is focused on deploying a large portion of our annual free cash flow to share repurchases, as well as strategic M&A. If we take a brief look at some of the highlights of balance sheet and cash flow for the quarter, our operating cash flow for the quarter was $228.7 million, which compares to $277.2 million last year. And we believe we'll continue to have strong operating cash flow on an annual basis. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding was up slightly to 41.3 days versus 40.8 days last year. And our inventory turns were 5.6 turns, which is essentially unchanged to last year. I'll conclude my commentary on 2017 financial guidance. We expect our full-year 2017 diluted EPS to be in the same range as we previously disclosed, except for the $0.04 litigation settlement expense. So for 2017, we expect GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, and, again, that includes the litigation settlement expense of $0.04, to be in the range of $7.13 to $7.26, and that represents growth of 15% to 17% compared with GAAP diluted EPS of $6.19 for 2016. The prior GAAP diluted EPS range was $0.04 higher, at $7.17 to $7.30, again, because of the $0.04 litigation settlement expense. On a non-GAAP basis, our diluted EPS, again excluding the litigation expense, that's the only exclusion for the non-GAAP basis, is expected to be the same, $7.17 to $7.30, representing growth of 8% to 10% compared with the non-GAAP diluted EPS of $6.61 for 2016. Let me remind you again that 2016 non-GAAP numbers exclude the restructuring costs. Note that we expect GAAP diluted EPS for Q3 to be in the high-single-digit range, that's on a GAAP basis and in the mid-single-digit range on a non-GAAP basis. Fiscal 2017, again, as a reminder, includes one less week than fiscal 2016. Note also that our guidance for 2017 diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is for current continuing operation, as well as completed or previously announced acquisitions, but does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions. Our guidance also assumes that foreign exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels. So before I turn the call back to Stan, I'd like to highlight a really great honor that was bestowed upon Stan recently that I think he would be too humble to acknowledge himself. In May, Stan was recognized by Chief Executive magazine as its 2017 CEO of the Year. This is a huge honor, as he was selected by a notable group of large-scale companies' CEOs, including AT&T's Randall Stephenson, Marsh & McLennan's Dan Glaser and NCR's William Nuti. Stan is in really good company with previous CEOs who are winners, including in the past, Bill Gates of Microsoft, Jack Welch of GE, Andy Grove of Intel. And I think Stan will tell you that he only accepted this award on behalf of all of our 21,000 Team Schein Members, as he views this as a recognition of the exceptional work of our team across the globe. And the success of any organization hinges on its more important asset, its people. I know he truly believes this. And, Stanley, we are really very proud of you. So, with that, I'll turn it back to you.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Steven. It was indeed an honor to be recognized by Chief Executive magazine, and I, of course, share this award with all of our Team Schein Members across the globe. So before we go through highlights for each of the business units, I'd like to note that we believe we gained market share during the second quarter in each of our global Dental, Animal Health and Medical businesses. This has been the case for quite a while. We are confident that our strategies, the way we execute our strategies, position us well to continue to gain market share in each of our three verticals across the globe. Let me begin my review of our four business groups with Dental. In North America, Dental consumable merchandise internal sales growth in local currencies was 0.8%. Going forward, this year we believe the North American consumable market for Dental will continue to grow at a slightly higher rate than inflation, with little unit growth, and I believe we've said this for a while. In line with the broader macroeconomic trends, we believe the domestic market should realize unit growth improvements over time. We're also quite sure about that. Regarding the North American dental equipment, we're quite pleased with the robust 14.8% internal sales growth in local currencies as dentists continue to invest capital in their practices in order to improve productivity and profitability. As Steven noted, the strong growth in the second quarter was partially impacted by the easier prior year comparable. However, we did generate 14.8% internal sales growth in dental equipment. And we believe that the dental equipment market remains quite strong in North America and, by the way, for that matter, in most markets around the world. Our steadfast commitment is to offer our global Dental customers a broad selection of products, equipment and, of course, value-added services that enables our customers to provide high-quality care to their patients while realizing greater practice efficiencies. As part of this commitment, beginning September 1, that's next month, the end of this month, 2017, we look forward to offering the full range of Dentsply Sirona dental equipment across North America, including the leading CEREC CAD/CAM restoration system. Our Dental platform gives customers choices across a number of high-quality dental equipment systems, including high tech equipment that is compatible with Henry Schein's various software offering. Of course, this is being a key part of our growth strategy ensuring that the equipment we sell and some of the consumable and of course, the small equipment is tightly connected with Henry Schein's well established installed software customer base whether it's small customers, medium-sized customers, large customers or indeed, the dental schools where we have a significant presence. In addition to Dentsply Sirona equipment, we will continue to represent the complete lines from key suppliers including 3M, 3Shape, A-dec, Danaher, Ivoclar, Midmark, Planmeca, and many, many others. Of course, we're excited to add the full range of Dentsply Sirona products that also equally excited to continue to gain market share for our entire manufacturer base especially those that have been with us for so many years and helped us get to this point. We are, therefore, in an excellent position to meet our customers' needs. We expect the demand for digital dental technologies continue to increase and we have said so for a while. Our key strategy being the digitalization of the dental office in the coming years as it was in the 1990s when we introduced practice management software in a significant way to our customer base. We also believe that distribution will open up in the short term in order to effectively serve customers that wish to advance the efficiency and quality of care in their practices. In other words, open architecture will become far more important in the dental industry in the years to come, not only for us, but for others serving the dentists. This will only serve to drive greater adoption of this innovative solution, and we remain comfortable that although this is a highly competitive market and every dollar of business that we get we have to fight for, we believe that we are well positioned to gain market share in the digital technology space and in fact, overall, in the dental space whether it's in consumables, for dentists or equipment for dentists, or for that matter in the laboratory space globally and specifically in the United States and generally in North America. Internal local currency sales growth in our international dental consumable merchandise business, increased by 1.4% during the quarter, reflecting a generally stable market environment. While this growth was somewhat tepid, we believe the end markets we serve remain healthy, and we will continue to gain market share in the coming quarters. Regarding international dental equipment, as expected, we saw a post IDS sales increase in Germany during the quarter. This was partially offset by some unique softness in Australia and Italy. A highlight in our dental specialties business was in the sales of our global implants which increased by approximately 7% in local currencies in the second quarter. And really this was despite the fact that we have a significant market share in Germany where the market is not growing as rapidly. So generally, I would say, we are very, very pleased with the performance of our specialties businesses and specifically on the implants side. We also marked some important milestones in our Dental business in the second quarter. This includes the fact that we celebrated the 20th anniversary of Henry Schein's merger with Sullivan Dental, which laid the foundation for Henry Schein to build the largest value-added dental distributor in North America. At the time of the merger, our U.S. dental sales were about $819 million. Sullivan Dental led by Bob, the late Bob Sullivan, and his son, Tim, shared our commitment to focusing on practice care solutions, the notion of helping practitioners operate a better practice so that they could provide better clinical care, enabled us to continue to gain market share, to hire new Team Schein Members and increase shareholder value so that today, our U.S. dental sales exceed, and this is in the operatory area only, $3 billion. This truly has been an excellent collaboration over the past two decades and we believe our U.S. dental business and of course our North American business, is in excellent shape under the leadership of Tim Sullivan, and of course, reporting up to our President and CEO of our Global Dental business, Jim Breslawski, who had a vision several decades ago to add field sales representatives to our successful catalog business at the time, and that business, of course, has migrated to a digital e-commerce business today. The past quarter also celebrated 20th anniversary of the Dentrix merger. Looking back to 1997, Dentrix had an installed base of some 3,500 dental practice management system. Since becoming a part of Henry Schein Practice Solutions, we had increased to number ten-fold of just the Dentrix practice management systems solutions and now have an installed base of more than 35,000 Dentrix systems in the U.S. and Canada. That, of course, is in addition to our Easy Dental brand in the United States and the multiple brands we have around the world, including Ascend, the leading brand in dental schools in North America, and I would say in the world as well. In doing so, we have helped more than 150,000 dentists in North America improve how they manage their practice and deliver patient care. With our Dentrix and Easy Dental, Ascend and other software solutions, we offer dentists and dental schools innovative practice management platforms for intuitive and efficient user workflows. And again I stress, this is in addition to our terrific brands we have abroad, in the UK, Australia, New Zealand, France, Spain, et cetera, et cetera. So, let me just – on the dental side, conclude that we are very pleased with our positioning in the Dental business in this country, in United States, North America, abroad. The strategies we believe are terrific. We have an outstanding sales force providing terrific consulting services, bringing value to our dental customers who believe the strategy is right on. And we are very, very excited about that business going forward. Now, let me touch on the Animal Health business. Our Animal Health business continued to grow at a healthy rate both in North America and internationally during the second quarter. Internal local currency sales increased by 5.9% in North America and 5.7% overseas. The companion animal health market is among our fastest growing segments and fits well with our strategy to deliver value-added solutions and support particularly as the number of pet adoptions continues to grow. And we believe our role in distribution in this end market continues to become more important due to our access and strong relationship with veterinary practices across the globe. To support our growth, midway through the second quarter we celebrated the opening of a new Animal Health National Distribution Center in Columbus, Ohio. We have a particular commitment to the central Ohio area where we employ almost 400 people across Henry Schein's businesses today. As with our other businesses, through organic growth and strategic acquisitions, we continue to build on our success in partnering with our Animal Health customers to deliver high quality solutions and support that help to promote longer and healthier lives for pets. We're really excited again also by our Animal Health business. We believe we're focused on the right areas, the companion animal part globally and in certain selected markets, also on the large animal part of the business, but very selectively, and of course, the equine business. We believe our consumable strategy, merging that strategy with our own brand of products, the pharmaceutical relationships we have with the branded pharmaceutical companies advancing generic drugs, the programs we have for software, and indeed, for diagnostic equipment and other forms of large equipment imaging, et cetera, is working well for that business and we are very, very excited to continue to grow the Animal Health business in a growing market, but in a market where we continue to gain market share in the United States and abroad. Now, let me talk a bit about our Medical business, which delivered solid internal growth in local currencies of 6.1%, which of course is much in excess of the market growth rate. A slight decline in a relatively small international business affected our consolidated numbers. But overall, our North American business posted internal growth in local currencies of 6.3%. Of course, we believe continued market share gains in our North American Medical group are the result of our ability to meet the needs of a dynamic evolving healthcare market particularly amongst large group practices, IDNs, health practices, and in general the multispecialty group practices where we see further consolidation taking place. I'm going to conclude with the Technology and Value-Added Services. A highlight in the North American Technology and Value-Added Services area was double-digit growth in our financial services business, an excellent platform that has done well for us for many, many years. Overall revenue growth in this business in North America was impacted by difficult comparison in the prior year and reduced sales related to discontinued, lower-margin products, as Steven mentioned. We were pleased with the robust 12.4% internal growth in local currency as it relates to our international markets. We are at the forefront of a movement to advance preventative care and wellness. The fact remains that improvements in the quality of healthcare and greater proportion of healthy individuals will ultimately be driven by greater adoption of technology. As such, we continue to invest in enhancing our technology solutions offering, and I might add they are quite unique, which will help practices to achieve these goals over time. We partnered with our customers at all levels within the company from the consumable to the equipment to the pharmaceutical to the financial services to the software side of the business from start to finish by gaining and understanding our customers' practice needs and helping our customers envisage a technology vision all the way through recommending the best solutions, designing and installing the platform and ensuring the practice gets the full value from their investments. All of this is designed to help drive the long-term success of the practice and in so doing, the health of the patients that our customers are serving. Before we take your questions, I'd like to note that one more important accomplishment in the second quarter for Team Schein across the globe. We are pleased to announce – we announced in June that the company moved to number 243 on the Fortune 500 ranking, up from 268 and marking the 14th consecutive year as one of America's largest corporations based on sales. And I might add that our markets are relatively small compared to most companies on the Fortune 500 list, which of course are serving much bigger markets. We now are on the top half of the Fortune 500 and our consistent climb up this list is a testament to our more than 21,000 Team Schein Members across the globe working out of 400-and-plus locations to fulfill our mission every day to help healthcare professionals build better practices for the ultimate benefit of their patients, while also serving needs of the communities in which we work. Thank you, Team Schein, for your steadfast commitment to Henry Schein and our mission to provide innovative, integrated healthcare products and services, and to be a trusted advisor and consultant to our customers. So, we are most optimistic about the business right now. We are completing our 2018, 2019 and 2020 strategic plan and are completing the execution of our 2014 – of our 2015, 2016 and 2017 strategic plan, with very good results. So, excited about the future, pleased with the quarter and ready to answer any questions that our participants in this call may have. Thank you.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks. This is Nathan Rich on for Bob this morning. Maybe starting on the North American dental market, can you just provide some more detail on what you believe drove the slower consumables growth in the quarter, especially given the comparison year-over-year I think was a little bit easier? And I think the past several quarters the company's view has been that the North American dental end markets are stable. Just wondering if anything has changed with regards to that outlook?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Sure. So, let me start with the macro. We believe that the North American, for that matter, the U.S. dental market, is quite stable. We believe that from a consumable point of view, the market is growing at the lower end of single digits, but is nevertheless growing at approximately the inflation rate. There's not an increase really in units. There are parts of the market that are growing perhaps better, including implants. And so I would not read anything into – I think there's been a lot of comments into our consumer growth in the U.S. market, North American market, this quarter. There's timing issues. And, again, we're talking about basis points here, moving one way or the other. Timing, we did lose one of our larger customers, by no means our largest customer. There is some movement towards lower-price products. I think we see this in the economy in general. Some private brand, controlled brands. That movement not really impacting in a huge way our profit per unit of product sold. But overall, we believe that the market is quite stable from a consumable point of view in the United States and North America for that matter, including Canada. Let me just hasten to add that we believe the equipment market is more robust. And this relates primarily to practitioners investing in technology, whether it's in digital imaging, digital CAD/CAM, and our sales organization being well-positioned to help our customers adapt their practices to the digitalization of dentistry. So we are quite optimistic about our North American business from a sales point of view and also from a profitability point of view.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah, I'd just like to add a couple of specifics to what Stanley's comments were. Stanley talked about the loss of one of our special market customers as well as timing issues including one less selling day this quarter than Canada because of the Easter holidays. We talked about that last quarter where we had one more selling day. Those two items in total negatively impacted our North American consumable sales growth by at least 1 percentage point. I also think it's important to note that when we look at the progression during the quarter, sales growth strengthened during the quarter. And without getting into specifics for July, July was a very solid consumable sales growth in North America. So I don't think we think there's any market changes that are important to note. I think we believe that there's a little bit of ebbs and flows and calendar issues that are contributing to it, but we still feel like the market is pretty consistent.
Nathan Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. That makes a lot of sense. And then, Steve, just on your guidance for North America Dental equipment, I appreciate the guidance on 3Q. Do you have any early expectations for growth in the fourth quarter as you guys ramp up the distribution of the Sirona line? And how should we think about any potential impact on the consumable side of the business? As I believe the agreement allows you to sell certain bundles and CEREC Blocs and that type of stuff as well.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Well, I think we're very optimistic with the addition of the full Sirona equipment line. But I think to be fair, it does take some time to build a pipeline. So while we would expect it to have incremental sales in Q4, I think really you have to look to 2018 to really give us a little bit of time to ramp up. We're not giving specific guidance on that, but we would hope to have an overall very good equipment quarter in Q4, in part because of that. But also we think the equipment market, as Stanley just said, has a lot of life in it.
Nathan Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks for the questions.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson of Robert Baird.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Stanley, congratulations on the CEO Award. Well deserved. Maybe I could follow up with one question here just on the consumable side. Steve, you gave some good color on the DSO changes and the selling day issues. Wondering how much maybe your specialty business versus your general consumables business, if you could give any color on that in North America this quarter? And also obviously some disruptions going on at one of your larger competitors. Just wondering if that is helping at all, or if we should think of that as an incremental tailwind in the quarter at all? Thank you.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Jeff. So I believe that overall the specialties are helping, of course, not only in the sale of the specialty products, whether it's the implants, the wires, the brackets, the endo files, but generally this is pulling along business in the consumable area and in particular on the equipment side. And on the equipment side, we are doing quite well in selling equipment to specialists and, in fact, GPs that may do specialty work. I think this has been very, very helpful. I don't think the specialty businesses are material enough yet to impact the overall consumable growth rate in the United States in a material way. But over time, I think you can expect that the specialists will impact our business in a positive way because of our ability to serve all of the specialty needs, not only in the consumables, pharmaceutical, equipment, but I might add in the software area, too. I think as it relates to what's happening in the marketplace, we have seen disruption in the marketplace over the years come and go. This is a highly competitive market. We fight for every dollar of sales. I don't think that is going to change in any material way. We have an outstanding sales force. We add to that sales force every year. We recruit both from our competition and also internal rookies we hire and we develop them over time. This is not only for the sales organization, but for sales management. And I think our sales force will continue to do well using tools we have, whether it's the practice solutions, the e-commerce, those kinds of educational and analytical tools that we offer them. So I don't think any particular disruption, contrary to what's I think many are writing about, is impacting our business in a significant way. There's no freezing of the markets. There is no massive movement of sales people from one distributor to Henry Schein. We continue to be going in the same direction that we've had over the years and we continue to add incremental sales people in a moderate way specifically to throw vacancies in markets that we believe were underpenetrated. So, I think, we're heading in the direction we've always headed in, which is to gain more market share through ensuring that we offer the best solutions to our customers, train our sales people, and execute well through our infrastructure.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. I would just add, because you're also asking about specialties and the biggest component of specialties for us is dental implants, and we had a really good quarter in dental implants on a global basis. Our organic sales growth was about 7%, and it was higher in North America. So, we feel like we're taking market share in the implant market as well as other specialties. But again, it doesn't move the needle all that much on a global basis because it's still relatively small compared to the core dental business.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right, Steve. That's helpful. And maybe just one follow up on the balance sheet. So, inventory levels did come down. I know turn stayed about the same, but inventory levels did come down $50 million or $60 million relative to the last couple quarters. With the end markets maybe being a touch soft, maybe in North America might be the way to phrase it, where are you at with inventory levels? Do you feel like you're at kind of a sustainable level? Are there more cuts that need to be done? Do you need to expand inventory ahead your changed relationship in September? Just kind of help us out on the balance sheet side a little bit.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Sure. Well, we will need to build inventory going into September 1 for Sirona because you need to be able to do installs and quickly service your customers. So, of course, that – whenever you add a line, that's natural. But I think as we look out, there is an internal goal to get more efficient with inventory turns. We do believe there's still room for us to continue to improve inventory turns. And so longer term, we would feel that there's opportunity to take some cash out of the inventory by improving those turns. It's still a specific goal that we have internally.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel.
Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys, and good morning. Stanley, maybe just to push you on some of your earlier comments, just sort of looking long term in dental, I think, you mentioned sort of the domestic consumable unit growth would improve over time. And if you could just help us out with what changes incrementally from sort of a macro standpoint from the current landscape to drive that improvement? And then a follow-up, Steve, just while I've got you, maybe if you can outline for us the FX EPS tailwind today relative to when you provided 2017 guidance back in November? Thanks, guys.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thanks, Jon. From a macro point of view, there is more and more literature that is being published by the very credible scientific institutions, major dental schools, medicals showing the direct correlation between good oral care and good healthcare. I think, this has been understood more and more by insurance carriers, I think by IDNs, I'm not sure yet by government officials across the board, but many in Congress are understanding this. And so, we are seeing more and more programs emerge, where medical practices are adding a dental component, dental practices are connecting with medical providers, so that pediatricians are understanding the importance of good oral care. So, we remain very optimistic. We do know that where patients or the public is exposed to good oral care, the general quality of life increases and the cost of healthcare goes down, whether it's in the obstetrics area, the pulmonary area, the diabetes area. And these are all areas that are being pushed by healthcare policy people as a way to reduce healthcare cost. Wellness and prevention above all the driving of ways to impact NCDs, non-communicable diseases, is the best way to control healthcare costs. People understand this, and dentistry is right in the middle of these NCDs. And so, we remain very, very optimistic about where dentistry is heading. We think there's a bigger role for oral care, yes. The drilling and filling will be going down, but there are many, many other areas of opportunity in dentistry, and we're very, very excited about the future of dentistry. I think, it is very hard and inappropriate, I think, to measure dental consumables on a quarterly basis based on small movements in basis points. I think in the long run, we will do okay. And I think for the time being, we will see the lower part of single-digit organic growth in dentistry, but we are headed, I think, for better times. And I think, as healthcare policy people get their needs understood, it will be good for dentistry.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: So, on the second part of your question, Jon, so when we originally gave guidance before the year started, we did say that we would – we were expecting foreign exchange to be consistent with levels at that point. We've seen some headwinds in Q1, foreign exchange negatively impacted our EPS by $0.02. This current quarter it negatively impacted our EPS by $0.01. So, year-to-date, we have $0.03. We probably have things stay where they are, one or two more pennies that will negatively impact us for the second half of the year. So, it's a little bit of a headwind, but it's not that significant. But we're still comfortable with our full year guidance despite that. And again, it assumes no major changes from where we are at this point. I think that there is – personally, I think that the dollar could strengthen a little bit more, but we'll see if that happens or not.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James with Piper Jaffray.
Austin T. Quackenbush - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Good morning. This is Austin on for Sarah. Thank you for taking the questions. I'll start off with we have seen some slower volume growth within the hospitals this quarter including in their outpatient centers where Schein tends to focus. But this didn't seem to affect you guys. This quarter, it sounds like you've picked up some market share. But – so, what have you been hearing from the medical business customers, and how do you see growth in the medical business going forward?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: So, Austin, good question also. On the medical side, the vast majority of our growth other than a little bit of inflation, and there isn't much because there is I think some deflation in the medical world as larger customers understand the quality of products being offered and are trading in many instances to private brand, controlled brand, rather than more expensive brand. So, I would say in terms of inflation it's probably slightly deflationary, but that doesn't really impact our profit because per unit we still make about the same, if not, more on some of the private brand type products. Now, as for units. In general in the space, it's hard to tell. But what is clearly happening is that the large group practices are growing, IDNs are buying practices, although I think for the last quarter or so, we've been told or our statistics show a slight slowing down of the number of practices being bought by IDNs. But in any event whether the IDN business is growing significantly or just marginally in the ultimate care space, our growth is coming primarily from market share growth in that we are landing some large customers. It is a little bit lumpy as to when these customers come on board because it may take as long as a year to bring a customer on board. Our pipeline of new customers is pretty good. We are well known now in the IDN and large group practice marketplace as a reliable provider for running very good data and valued-added services. So we remain quite optimistic about our medical business. But I think one cannot expect double-digit growth every quarter and I'd be surprised if it goes below the mid-single digits. But we're in that cusp of double-digit growth area for medical, I think for a while. Very optimistic about the business. Just like in dental, animal health, we have very good management on the medical side. They're doing good job. But I don't think our business is at all correlated to what happens in the hospital arena. Let me hasten to add that the second quarter flu diagnostics, the diagnostic products were probably much lower than the previous year. So if those visits to practitioners related to flu and flu-like symptoms had remained constant, our growth would have even been higher.
Austin T. Quackenbush - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thanks. And then on the gross margin side, results were slightly below our expectation. So, can you provide more color on what caused gross margin pressure this quarter and did business mix play a factor?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yes. Business mix did play a factor. It was part of the factor. But we also saw a little bit of gross margin contraction in our European Dental markets, as well as some of our Animal Health businesses in certain markets. So, it's a combination of those things. But again, if you look at mix and those other things, I think while we focus on gross margin, we focus also on the operating margin and we back out all of those adjustments that I went through in the prepared remarks. We still got 12 basis points of operating margin expansion. A little bit lower than what we would like, but we're working on trying to improve that also.
Austin T. Quackenbush - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Perfect. Thank you.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny from UBS.
Michael Cherny - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning, guys. I hate to keep going back to this, but on the Dental market, I think it was around this time last year when you started to see some market-related weakness across the board. As you think about the experience from the last year relative to consumables and your expectations, what type of leading indicators do you think you can start to identify to better understand some of the moving pieces here or are there really none and it's just a matter of the market essentially sorting itself out?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: So, Michael, appreciate all the questions in this area, but we are talking about swings of basis points. It's really, really hard to give you precise information. Again, in the second quarter last year, we were taken by surprise because the beginning of the quarter was good and then it tapered off. I don't think we're experiencing any of that kind of volatility, although I think, as Steven mentioned, parts of the second quarter were a little bit weaker than say, July. But we have to be very careful because we don't know what August and September will be looking like. But we are talking about basis points here in swings. Overall, the market, as we said, is approximately stable in units, then you have some inflation. But as the large group practices grow, and particularly the midmarket practices grow, and that's the fastest-growing part. They're also, I would say, a little bit more discrete buyers. They will compare products. They will have people that will look at the products to ensure that they're getting the best deal for a specific kind of product. Our salespeople today are far more knowledgeable on quality differences between one manufacturer and another, private brand, control brand. So I think you could have a little bit of shopping that could suppress the numbers a bit. But overall it doesn't impact our profit. In fact, in some areas it increases the profits. So I don't think there's any conclusions you can draw from our performance this quarter compared to last year. There are also some timing issues. And Steven mentioned Canada and Easter. If you talk to some of our medical people, they will tell you the timing of the national sales meeting had an impact. But we are talking about small amounts of movement between one quarter and another. And I think at some point, it doesn't prove to be that valuable in pursuing this. And there's a lot being written about it. But the Dental markets in our view are still quite solid in the United States, in North America, generally throughout the world. We remain optimistic and we're investing in this part of the business and seeing lots and lots of upside on the software side, on the equipment side and, in particular in our business, gaining market share across the board in all of the areas that we service.
Michael Cherny - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. And then just one more really quick question. Henry Schein has been investing for years in an e-commerce platform. Can you give us any sense of how much of the business roughly, if you can, go through some level of e-commerce channel within Henry Schein?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. Steven will give you the exact number. But of course, it's growing. And in particular here as we move from smaller practitioners to the midsized practices or very large practices, there is a movement, a migration, to e-commerce. This is not only Dental, this is in Medical, it's in Animal Health. We just launched a new website, a very exciting website. It's been turned on for all of our business units now over the last three months. It's a project that's been worked on for two or three years. And I'd like to take this opportunity to congratulate the teams that worked on that, of course software development team, but also the users, the business people, because it went in flawlessly from a customer point of view. There's so much going on in the e-commerce section. It's very, very exciting. Interoperability is all over the place in our field. The direct connection between our website, what our customers are doing, study clubs, digital imaging, digital prosthetics, all connected, practice management activity. Lots and lots of stuff going on. And this is very, very exciting as we move the business towards a digital platform. And we believe that our unique systems will stand us in good stead, whether it's from competition within the industry, where, of course, it is very fierce, to competition that may emerge from other industries coming into our area, we built a pretty good moat and are continuing to advance our business through digitalization and e-commerce. But, Steven, you might have specific information.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Sure. Yeah. So let me give you a little bit of data on a global basis. So, electronic sales on a worldwide global basis, runs at just under 50% of our sales. However, it's important to note that on the equipment side, very little equipment sales are bought through the internet. There normally is demonstrations, there's normally in-person meetings and things like that. So for the consumable side, it's significantly higher than that just under 50%. And it varies by market and varies by business unit. But it is a very high percentage of our consumable sales that are being received over the internet or in some form of electronic means.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Let me hasten to add as well that Henry Schein's leading telesales operation is very, very effective. And I believe that there's nothing in our markets or scale of the capabilities as we have, not only in Dental, but across the board. So, anything else? I think Carolynne was indicating we can ask one more question, operator.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Erin Wright of Credit Suisse.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thanks for taking my last question. How is access to new products this year in Animal Health, like Zoetis' product, new generic products and others, contributed to top-line growth? And how much of the growth was attributable to in-market demand versus the new products? And as you head into the second half of the year, how do you anticipate, or do you anticipate, any meaningful changes to your vendor contracts with a more consolidated vendor base? Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah, so that's a good question also on the Animal Health pharma side. I can't answer specifically on Zoetis. If you call Carolynne or Steven, they can talk to you about specific products. Because Zoetis puts a large part of their business through us, but they keep a few products that they sell direct. In fact, our relationship with Zoetis is very good. They have advanced the amount of business that they're putting through us in a very nice way. I would say our relationships with our large pharma suppliers in general is very good on the Animal Health side. I myself have met recently with CEOs of a number of these companies. There's one underlying shift that occurred with one supplier that had really only two major distributors last year and had a drop, previously had three, went to two, and now it's back to three. So that's moving some odd sales between the different distributors. You take that out and overall we have a healthy market and we continue to gain market share. There's been a lot that's been written about pressure on margins. And there's always been pressure on margins. I've been in this business for over 30 years. I can't remember a year when there wasn't pressure on margins. Our job is to ensure that we provide value to our suppliers. A couple of them have gone through significant transitions as they've merged. They've been very inwardly focused. I believe that they understand what needs to be done in order to motivate our sales force. And I expect that we will continue to do well with all the major pharmaceutical players in the Animal Health space, as they understand what they need to do to grow their market share with us. And generally very happy with our Animal Health business in the United States. And then quickly say, in Australia, New Zealand and in Europe, as we move towards a global Animal Health distribution business, I believe the only distributor that's really global. And we're focused on adding new markets. We entered the Brazilian market and been well-received, granted only in one particular region, two regions actually. And we'll expand in Brazil and hopefully in Asia as well in the not-too-distant future. So I think our relationship with our major suppliers are good. Some were a little bit inwardly focused. And I believe that they understand what needs to be done in order to motivate our sales force. So I'm generally very optimistic on our Animal Health business.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: So, I think, Carolynne, that's it. Very excited about our future. We're sun-setting our 2015, 2016 and 2017 strategic plan. I think largely having met our major goals, of course, wish we had done better in some areas and surprised how well we did in others. The 2018, 2019 and 2020 strategic plan is coming together nicely. Of course, no one can predict the future 100%, but I think we are putting good plans together to continue to expand our business globally through organic growth, focusing on inorganic growth. There's lots and lots of opportunities but we can't avail ourselves of all opportunities because we simply don't have the human capital to integrate everything that looks logical. So, we are focused on capital deployment. I think Steven indicated to me this morning again that he remains optimistic about buying stock back. The pipeline of acquisitions is full. We will manage our working capital quite well, so we will not have to add too much to that even as business increases. But you can't manage that every day. You can manage it every day but you can't get progress every day. But overall I would say that we're happy with the organization and with the progress we are making. And so, we look forward to providing increased shareholder value over the years to come. Thank you for your interest. Of course Carolynne Borders is ready to take calls later.
Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc.: 631-390-8105.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: And Steven at the same number, except 5915. I called that number before although now I send you more emails. So, thank you all and appreciate your interest.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc. Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc. Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.
Analysts: Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Stephen R. Hagan - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Matt Dellelo - Leerink Partners LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Third (sic) [First] Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Dianna, and thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the first quarter of 2017. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. The contents of this conference call contain time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, May 9, 2017. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion, you limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue, allowing as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour that we have allotted for the call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we are pleased to report record first quarter financial results. We believe the markets we serve are generally healthy and growing and that our Global Dental, Animal Health and Medical groups all continue to gain market share and that the trajectory will continue. We remain quite comfortable with our strategies with respect to gaining market share. On the bottom line, we delivered strong year-over-year diluted EPS growth for the quarter and are affirming guidance for 2017 diluted EPS. Given our customer focus and our diverse business model, we believe we are well positioned for long-term growth. While some markets will grow faster than others at a particular point in time, we believe we serve attractive end markets with solid opportunities for growth in the years to come as we continue to advance our value-added solutions to help our customers operate better practices, more efficient practices and at the same time provide quality in care. Our focus remains firmly on continued financial execution and in connection, value creation for our shareholders. In a moment, I'll provide some additional comments on our recent business performance and accomplishments, but first, let me turn to Steve who will review our financial results for the quarter. Thank you.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Okay, thank you, Stan, and good morning to all. As we begin, I'd like to point out that there were no restructuring costs in the first quarter of 2017. However, our prior year first quarter results included restructuring costs of $4.1 million pre-tax or approximately $0.04 per diluted share. I will be discussing our results on an as-reported or GAAP basis as well as on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes the prior year restructuring costs. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to the key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. You can see Exhibit B on this morning's earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial data. So turning to our results, our net sales for the quarter ended April 1, 2017 were $2.9 billion, reflecting a 7.7% increase compared with the first quarter of 2016. This consisted of 8.7% growth in local currencies and a 1% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, internally generated sales increased 5.9% and acquisition growth was 2.8%. You could also see the details of our sales growth that are contained in Exhibit A of our earnings news release issued today. If you look at our operating margin for the first quarter of 2017, it was 6.6% and it expanded by 14 basis points compared with the first quarter of 2016. I'd like to provide some additional details with respect to our operating margin expansion for the quarter. First, it relates to the inclusion of restructuring costs in last year's first quarter of 2016. The restructuring costs in the prior year favorably impacted our operating margin comparison by 15 basis points. And the second item relates to acquisitions completed during the past 12 months and related expenses, as well as switches between agency and direct sales, which combined to negatively impact the expansion by 7 basis points. So if you were to exclude the net impact of these two items, our operating margin expanded by 6 basis points for the quarter. Our reported effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.7%, and that compares to 30.5% in the first quarter of 2016. As we mentioned during our Q4 earnings conference call, we have implemented ASU 2016-09, which is a new accounting standard that requires excess tax benefits related to share appreciation of stock grants to be recognized as a reduction in income tax expense in the period in which the awards vest. As a result, our effective tax rate was favorably impacted in the first quarter as this is when most of our stock-based awards vest at Henry Schein. This standard will primarily impact Q1 each year and will have varying effects on our tax rate based on the share price and number of shares that vest. We previously provided guidance for Q1 2017 stating that that benefit would result in an effective tax rate in the range of 23% to 24%. However, the actual benefit was more favorable and our effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.7%. As a result, we are revising our fiscal year effective tax rate guidance from somewhere in the 28% range down to the 27% range. Our net income attributable to Henry Schein was $140.7 million or $1.76 per diluted share, and that represents increases of 23.7% and 28.5%, respectively, and that's compared to the first quarter of 2016 GAAP results. The net income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. and diluted EPS for the first quarter of 2017 increased 20.5% and 24.8%, respectively, when compared to the first quarter of 2016 non-GAAP results, which excludes the restructuring costs in the prior year. I'll note that foreign exchange negatively impacted our diluted EPS for the quarter by approximately $0.02 per share. We're also reaffirming our guidance on a full year basis, but expect Q2 diluted EPS growth to be in the mid-single digit range with growth accelerating in the second half of the year. I'll now provide some detail on our sales results for the quarter. Our Dental sales for the first quarter of 2017 increased 7.9% to $1.4 billion. Internally generated sales in local currencies were up 2.9%, acquisitions contributed an additional 5.3% and there was a 0.3% decrease related to foreign exchange. In North America, our internal sales growth in local currencies was 0.8% and included 2.5% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise and a 5.5% decline in dental equipment sales and service revenue. For the past few quarters, our North American consumable merchandise growth rate was impacted by the decision to stop selling precious metals in last year's second quarter. This decision negatively impacted our North American dental consumable merchandise sales growth in Q1 by approximately 50 basis points. This impact has now annualized and will not affect our dental merchandise growth rate going forward. Without this impact, we estimate that the 2.5% growth rate to be approximately 3%. I think it's also important to note that consumable merchandise sales growth is somewhat favorably impacted by an easier comparable versus Q1 of last year. This is because the December 2015 holiday week was included in Q1 2016. That week is generally a slower week for consumable merchandise sales and a stronger week for equipment due to year-end tax incentives. The decline in North American dental equipment was primarily due to this difficult comparison as well as an acceleration of sales into the previous quarter related to the Section 179 tax incentive. The difficult calendar comparison will only occur in this Q1. And it's important to note that our current equipment backlog is strong and we anticipate at least mid-single digit growth in Q2 for our North American dental equipment sales. Our international dental internal growth in local currencies were 6.8%, included 8.0% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise and 3.1% growth in dental equipment sales and service revenue. The international dental merchandise sales growth benefited from the same comparison that I just reviewed, as well as internationally an extra day in a number of European countries. This extra day is due to the timing of Good Friday, which is a holiday in many countries and that occurred in Q1 last year and this year will occur in Q2. On an overall basis, we believe we continue to outpace the global dental market in Q1, and we believe the fundamentals of our business strategy remain strong. Turning to Animal Health, our Animal Health sales were $812.9 million in the first quarter, an increase of 5.4%. Internally generated sales in local currencies were up 7.1%, acquisitions contributed an additional 1%, and there was a 2.7% decrease due to foreign exchange. The 7.1% internal growth in local currencies included 5.5% growth in North America and 8.9% growth internationally. If you look at the sales growth from certain products that switched between agency sales and direct sales in North America, that positively impacted our growth rate by approximately 80 basis points for the quarter. These results were solid and as we – and we believe we continue to gain market share on a global Animal Health. Turning to Medical, our Medical sales was $598.9 million in the first quarter, an increase of 11.3%. Sales growth in local currencies was 11.5%, all internally generated and 0.2% decrease due to foreign exchange. The 11.5% growth included 11.7% growth in North America and growth of 5.5% in local currencies internationally. We are pleased with our Medical growth, which was driven by sales increases with several IDNs that we started on-boarding in the middle of last year as well as strong organic growth from existing customers. We believe we continue to gain market share in our overall Medical business. Technology and Value-Added Services sales were $106.0 million in the quarter, an increase of 4.2%. Sales growth in local currencies was 5.5%, all internally generated and 1.3% decrease related to foreign exchange. The 5.5% growth included 3.4% growth in North America and 7.2% growth internationally. In North America, the 3.4% growth reflects some softness in financial services revenue and this is related to lower North American dental equipment sales and as people know, we have leasing revenues related to North American dental equipment, so it follows the overall equipment revenue cycle. In the international markets, sales of 17.2% were highlighted by strong software revenue in the U.K. and Australia, New Zealand. We continue to repurchase common stock in the open market for the first quarter. Specifically, we repurchased approximately 308,000 shares during the quarter at an average price of $162.34 per share and that equated to approximately $50 million. This impact of the repurchase of our shares in the first quarter was not material to our EPS. At the close of the first quarter, Henry Schein had approximately $200 million authorized for future repurchases of our common stock. We believe we will continue to drive increased shareholder value with a smart capital allocation strategy, which is focused on deploying a large portion of our annual free cash flow to both share repurchases and M&A activities. If we look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow for the quarter, our operating cash flow for the quarter was negative $52.6 million, but that is better than the negative $77.8 million in the prior year's first quarter. And as I think people know, our first quarter cash flow was typically negative due to seasonality of working capital during the quarter. For the year, we continue to believe we'll have strong operating cash flow. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding was 40.8 days for the first quarter compared to 42.1 days in last year's first quarter. Our inventory turns for the first quarter were 5.2 turns and that's essentially unchanged versus last year. In addition, I'll note that we recently amended our revolving credit facility increasing the maximum borrowing amount by $250 million from $500 million to $750 million and extended the term through 2022. This facility supports our long-term internal and acquisition growth strategies, while maintaining a strong capital structure. I'll now conclude my remarks by affirming our 2017 financial guidance. Diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is expected to be $7.17 to $7.30 for 2017. That guidance reflects growth of 16% to 18% compared to the GAAP 2016 diluted EPS and 8% to 10% compared to the non-GAAP diluted EPS, which excludes restructuring costs in the prior year. Let me remind you that fiscal 2017 include one less week than fiscal 2016. I'll also note that guidance for 2017 diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is for current continuing operations as well as completed or previously announced acquisitions but does not include the impact of potential future acquisitions, if any. And guidance also assumes that foreign exchange rates for our major international businesses are generally consistent with current levels. With that, I'd like to turn the call back to Stanley.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Steven. Let me begin my review of our four business groups with the Dental Group. We believe we continue to gain market share in our Global Dental business in the first quarter. In North America, our dental consumable merchandise internal sales growth was 2.5% in local currency, which was the highest quarterly growth rate in the past several quarters. We estimate the 2.5% growth rate to be approximately 3% when adjusting for the impact of precious metals in the quarter. Of course, I think as Steven mentioned, the impact of the holiday, and the holidays actually – and that should be taken into account that but overall we continue to be very pleased and believe with our consumable dental sales in North America believe that we continue to gain market share in this area. While North American equipment internal sales in local currencies declined for the reasons, which Steven explained, our equipment backlog for the second quarter of 2017 is strong, which we believe indicates a resumption in the year-over-year growth. We believe that dentists are, in fact, investing in their practices and this, of course, is good for our equipment business. As part of our ongoing efforts to advance our leadership position in the dental equipment and specialty dental – specifically the digital dentistry, we are pleased to announce that we entered into a three-year agreement with Dentsply Sirona effective September 1, 2017, to distribute Dentsply Sirona's full line of dental equipment in the United States. As you may know, we are the leading distributor of Dentsply Sirona dental equipment in European markets today and we are also a leading supplier of Dentsply consumable merchandise around the world. Dentsply Sirona and Henry Schein have been excellent business partners for decades, and we are pleased to expand this longstanding and successful relationship. Of course, our commitment to our dental customers has always been to offer a broad selection of products, including equipment, consumables and value-added services that enable our customers to provide high-quality care to their patients, while realizing greater practice efficiency. Well, this agreement with Dentsply Sirona, Henry Schein will offer dentist and dental laboratories in the United States a greater selection of digital dental equipment solutions with a full range of the Dentsply Sirona equipment, including the leading CEREC brand of CAD-CAM product. The addition of this dental product line, combined with the products manufactured by our other valued equipment supplier partners, further this commitment by Henry Schein to providing greater access to the broadest range of high-quality dental equipment products. Our Dental platform accented on offering our customers choice across a number of high-quality dental equipment systems that most importantly are interoperable Henry Schein's practice solutions software platform. Adding the full Dentsply Sirona equipment product line rounds up an excellent suite of digital technology solutions offered by Henry Schein to help dentist advance their practice in the digital age. There is a huge opportunity to expand the digitalization of dentistry and we are very, very pleased with our offering, our expanded offering, and the work we've done in the past with those existing suppliers that have provided Henry Schein with digital technology. In addition to the Dentsply Sirona equipment products, we will continue to represent products from Planmeca, 3Shape and 3M as well as the dental equipment and consumer product lines of our longstanding partner, Danaher under the KaVo Kerr brands. Due to the timing of the agreements with Dentsply Sirona and initial trading startup expenses, Henry Schein expects that earnings related to this agreement will be neutral to our 2017 financial results and accretive in years thereafter in 2018 and 2019 and beyond. We are, of course, excited to expand our partnership with Dentsply Sirona as we broaden our digital dentistry product offering with the highly respected global brands associated with Dentsply Sirona. We believe that today, together, Henry Schein and Dentsply Sirona will help accelerate the adoption of dental and dentistry for the ultimate benefit of patients in the United States and actually, around the world. So we're very pleased with this arrangement – this new arrangement to deepen our offering of products and very pleased with the relationship that we've had over the years with Sirona in Europe and with Dentsply around the world. This only aligns our business interest even further, but at the same time expand the offering that we provide to our customers and therefore it is good for the American dentists. At the recent IDS show in Germany, there were innovative, patient-oriented solutions on display, representing the continued evolution of the integrated digital workflows in the dental office. Henry Schein announced our expansion of 3Shape digital impressions scanner offering in Germany. We experienced continued year-over-year growth of our Global Dental scanner products during the first quarter of 2017, and we will continue to offer a broad set of CAD-CAM and other equipment solutions offering customers technological advancements that drive efficiency and of course, high-quality dentistry. As we believe the potential for growth over time in this segment of the market – the digital segment is significant. So we're very, very excited with the digitalization of dentistry, expansion of our offering and, in fact, our position in the marketplace of advancing the introduction of digital technology to dentists in this country and of course, abroad. At IDS, we also introduced CAMLOG serolog implant system, including a full range of ceramic implant products. Ceramic implants meet the growing customer demand for aesthetics, metal-free materials, the combination of the aesthetics and the metal-free materials we believe will be important to implant dentists. And we believe that CAMLOG is well positioned to yet introduce another area of advancement in dentistry. With its two-piece design, serolog products enable greater flexibility for restorations with this material. We believe ceramic implant products have the potential to grow significantly and become a disruptive technology given the benefits for the patient's oral care. Our ConnectDental and DEDICAM digital platform support dentist and laboratories in their efforts integrate digital technology into each dental clinical workflow for restorative dentistry. At the core of these platforms, that's the ConnectDental and DEDICAM and actually the bulk of the platform BioHorizons side, is a wide breadth of products of flexibility, of open architecture, so practices can choose the solutions that best meet their needs. Also, relative to our Dental business, as mentioned on our last earnings call and, of course, in the press releases that we've issued, we recently closed on the acquisition of Southern Anesthesia & Surgical, or SAS as commonly known in the marketplace, which offers surgical supplies and pharmaceuticals to approximately 11,500 oral surgeons, dentists and, of course, dental anesthesiologists and periodontists across the U.S. SAS had 2016 sales of $72 million and will be an excellent addition to our product offering targeting the needs of dental surgeons. We have already good penetration at the Henry Schein level and also at the Ace level. So we have three excellent brands to advance our work with oral surgeons, whether it is in general oral surgery or in the implant arena. So very, very pleased with performance of our Global Dental business, very pleased with the expansion of the relationship with the Dentsply Sirona company and very happy to report good progress with all of our other major suppliers, in general, whether it is in the United States or on a global basis. Now, let me turn to the Animal Health side. While the Animal Health growth in North America did moderate during the quarter, our internal international growth in local currencies was a multi-year high. Our Animal Health strategy is to deliver excellent solutions to support at prices that reflect the value we provide. Our customers rely on the products and services we offer, including our robust and clearly differentiated software platforms, all of which facilitate the delivery of quality care by veterinarians throughout the world. In January, we announced our entry into the Brazilian animal health market with a 51% investment in Tecnew, a privately held distributor of animal health products. Tecnew serves about 5,000 customers in Brazil and had 2016 sales of approximately $24 million. Also, during the first quarter, the North American Veterinary Conference was held in Orlando. There, we did launch a new Samsung-branded diagnostic chemistry instrument with bidirectional functionality and a full body of digital radiography solution from Canon. We also introduced our new Sparkline software dashboard, which integrates with our practice management software to identify key performance metrics such as revenue growth and customer retention. These products were well received as we endeavor to offer our customers a pre-script approach that specifically targets the needs of their practices. We believe that our Animal Health business in the United States and abroad continues to do well, working well with our major suppliers and are confident that we'll continue to gain market share on this side of the business. Now, let me talk about the Medical business a little bit. Our Medical business delivered double-digit sales growth in the first quarter. This reflects particularly strong patient traffic to physician offices, particularly related to the late flu season, as well as our continued execution in serving the market as it's consolidating among large group practices, including the integrated delivery network. We are well-positioned to help primary care practices and ambulatory surgical centers operate efficiently so our customers can focus on patient outcomes. We believe that promoting wellness and prevention is key to the future of improving the healthcare landscape. And that is precisely the part of healthcare that our customers are engaged with. In line with helping physicians provide better clinical care, we recently announced an exclusive distribution agreement with Rijuven to sell its CardioSleeve diagnostic device to medical practitioners. CardioSleeve is the world's first stethoscope attachment that provides electrocardiogram and heart data via Bluetooth for instant analysis, another reflection of the digitalization of healthcare and area that we are highly committed to advancing. This product is an excellent example of our expansion of innovative medical devices in our portfolio that we are helping doctors provide effective treatment and more efficient care. We expect to continue to offer our customers this expanding suite of innovative medical device solutions. Again, very pleased not only with our Dental and Animal Health performance, but on the Medical side as well. Technology and Value-Added Services components, although we saw some softness in the North American Technology and Value-Added Services, internal sales growth for this quarter, we're pleased with our performance in electronic services sales area, most of which is reoccurring revenue as we continue to penetrate our customer base for these value-added services. As Steven mentioned, our Technology and Value-Added Services sales had strong double-digit growth, and was, of course, slightly impacted by the level of financial services revenue, but in general, we are very pleased with the performance of this group and specifically as it relates to the recurring revenue, electronic-commerce part of the business. And of course, enhancing our technology solutions offering is an important initiative as we empower our customers more with the tools we provide them to help boost productivity and, yes, improve efficiency in the practice. So before we take the questions, I'd like to note a couple of other highlights for the quarter. In February, we celebrated together with American Dental Association Foundation the 15th annual Give Kids A Smile program. This is an initiative to which dental teams provide free oral care and education to underserved children across the U.S. It is estimated that nearly 300,000 underserved children received free oral health screenings, education and treatment under this program each year. Care is delivered by more than 30,000 dental volunteers, including 8,000 dentists to use our healthcare products donated by Henry Schein and our suppliers. We're very pleased with this longstanding partnership with American Dental Association, a true public-private partnership, which at the end of the day, advances the needs of society, while enhancing the Henry Schein brand. In March, Henry Schein was recognized by Ethisphere Institute as a 2017 World's Most Ethical Company, marking the sixth consecutive year we received this recognition. The Ethisphere Institute is a global leader in defining and advancing the standards of ethical business practices. It is truly an honor to be recognized among some of the world's most respected businesses for our commitment to ethical business practices and of course, corporate social responsibility. With those comments, operator, we are now ready to take questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Jon Block of Stifel.
Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys, and good morning. I'll try to keep it to two real tight ones. Steven, the first one, on the tax rate of 27%, I believe that gives you roughly an extra $0.10 for the year but not moving the guidance. So maybe if you can just give some thoughts on the level of conservatism for the year and is that 27% tax rate the right one to extrapolate out to 2018 and beyond? And then, Stanley, I'll take a shot here in terms of when you mentioned net neutral to 2017 the deal with Dentsply Sirona but accretive in 2018, any sense in the level of accretion in 2018 and beyond if – not specific in terms of EPS just maybe some more detailed thoughts there? Thanks, guys.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Okay. I'll take the first part of your question. So on the current year, still early in the year versus our guidance, it's probably about $0.06 improved versus our guidance. Remember, we said 23% to 24% effective tax rate going into the quarter for Q1 came in at 20.7%. So that represents approximately $0.06. I would say we have a relatively wide range of $0.13 in our guidance. It's early in the year. There are a number of puts and takes, including foreign exchange that we need to keep a watchful eye on. So at this point, we felt that the prudent thing was to just reaffirm guidance and not to change guidance at this time and let's see how the year progresses. With respect to our tax rate going forward, so it's a little bit difficult to quantify. I would expect that we should still see a similar benefit in future years. But remember, it depends on two key factors for us. First factor is the stock appreciation, which is hard to estimate, and the second factor for us is because a number of our shares are performance based, how many shares actually vest based on the performance. So it might not be quite the same impact in future years because we had a very favorable on both of those counts this year, but we would expect that there would still be a tax benefit in each Q1 going forward. Again, may not be quite as great as what we saw this year.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: So on the impact of adding the Dentsply Sirona line, first, this year, there will be significant expenses in bringing on board a comprehensive line. This will entail, of course, a tremendous amount of education and training, taking our salespeople and our technicians out to the field. And of course, adding some additional team members for capacity. So the impact of that is factored into the guidance that Steven has rendered. As it relates to next year and beyond, we remain very excited with Henry Schein's key strategy to advance digital dentistry on a global basis. We think that digital dentistry will increase the efficiency of the practice, while at the same time, providing better quality in healthcare, better quality of oral care in the dental practice. We cannot give you the direct impact on the expansion of the strategy, and we believe that by adding the Dentsply Sirona equipment line to our business, we will, in fact, expand our strategy and expand our strategy even faster as we implement the – as we expand the line and implement further our plans on digital dentistry. But I think it would be premature to provide a direct impact on the line. And in fact, on introducing the line, I don't think it's a good idea for us to talk about the impact of any specific supplier rather than talk about the category, and we will, of course, report back to the extent we can on the impact of digital dentistry on our overall business. And that has been pretty good for the last few years. We have introduced many, many dentist with digital technology, specifically through our scanner lines and I might add some full chair side units as well, while at the same time, servicing the needs from a digital transformation point of view of dental labs throughout the world where we believe we are the biggest provider of products that is the dental labs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Jones, Goldman Sachs.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks for the question. And just to follow up, appreciate you're somewhat limited obviously, Stanley, what you can say about the new agreement with Dentsply Sirona. But I just wanted to maybe ask a more strategic question around the new arrangement. Should we anticipate any change in your go-to-market strategy? If I think about the U.S. market kind of post you having access to this product line, there are arguably, less differentiation between your product portfolio and your largest competitors. So just curious if there's any change that you foresee in the sales force and their go-to-market strategy? And I guess, just related to that, should we expect any disruption in your sales force as they take on this new portfolio?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: I don't – I think it's a very good question. But I don't think much changes from a go-to-market strategy. We have been building our digital technology capacity for the last four years, perhaps even five years and our goal is to provide the best comprehensive solution to dentists. Of course, there's a significant tie-in to our practice solutions software, which over the years has moved from being an accounting system to a clinical solution. There's a lot going on in that area, we've invested heavily. A lot of those expenses are run through the value-added services component of our P&L, which is shown separately. We've added the Ascend software in the area of cloud-based software, these have been significant expenses, and they all tie in one way or another to our digital equipment. Interoperability is something that's important for Henry Schein on the equipment side now for several years. So I don't think much changes in our strategy. We will continue to add more resources into this area. We have added more resources over the last few years and we'll continue to do that. Of course, by expanding our offering, we will now have more competitive offering, although I might hasten to add that our existing suppliers provide us with good products, but the CEREC brand is clearly the innovator, perceived as the innovator and has been an innovator in this space for a long, long time. We do well with the CEREC brand in Europe, but I think it is important to realize that Henry Schein is committed to differentiating ourselves to the value-added services we offer to our customers. So there's a lot more than a particular brand or a particular product. Of course, we're happy to have, excited to have the Dentsply Sirona equipment line but it's the value-added service and the tie-in with our practice solutions and other value-added services that is the differentiator. I don't think there will be disruptions in our sales force. This is an exciting product to add, but it will not be significant material as it relates to our total Dental business of $6 billion or so. So it is an important line. We're excited. We think we can partner very well with Dentsply Sirona. We have a lot of other manufacturers that we do well with. Everybody in dentistry, every manufacturer understands the importance of digital dentistry. Everybody is committed to this, and we look forward to working with a broader array of suppliers, albeit the Dentsply Sirona equipment line is an outstanding line and I don't think we will have disruption either with our suppliers or with our customers. And I think we will have steady growth in this area of digital dentistry as we've experienced over the last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson, Robert Baird.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, guys. So Stanley and Steven, let me just ask one other question on the Dentsply relationship if I could. Steve, you were talking about it being neutral for the back half of this year, accretive thereafter. You will have expenses early on. Just from a gating standpoint, should we think of the expenses really kind of coming in third quarter and then some revenue offsetting the expenses in the fourth quarter? So just want to make sure we set up our models appropriately or between the third quarter expense and fourth quarter benefit maybe mixed?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. So remember, the agreement does not start until September 1, so no revenues can be recognized by us before September 1. So I would say that – and it'll take a little bit of time for us to build an order book on the product line. So I don't think right out-of-the-box, we're going to be going at 100%. I would say that what we'll also see some expenses in the same quarter, starting a little bit before the September 1 date to train the sales force and do things like that, but we'll start seeing it in the same quarter. But we're not looking at really any significant quarterly impact for Q3 and Q4. We're trying really to have it relatively neutral in each quarter, although it might be a little bit negative in the first quarter Q3 versus Q4. We haven't given guidance going forward. I don't know we feel comfortable it will be accretive. And I think you have to give us a little bit of time to see later this year how we do in order to really have some specificity on the impact of it. While we're very excited, remember, we also support other manufacturers. So there will be a net impact that we have to look at for us. There are product categories that we're selling other manufacturers. But the net impact was supposed to be positive. And again, we're pleased to have the Dentsply Sirona line in place now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kreger, William Blair.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks very much. How does your dental implant line do in the quarter? And then, Stanley, may be more broadly, what were your observations coming of IDS? Just curious what you view as sort of any key innovations coming out of that show that you think could be the more profound growers for the industry over the next three, four years? Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. And Steven will give you information on the implant line to the extent we actually provide that data because we generally do not provide category growth. Having said that, Steven provides color, please remember that we have an implant business and then we have businesses that provide products around the implant. And when you compare performances of us to others, remember, that the implant companies are showing a broad line of products, not only implants but products around the implant. So, it's very hard to compare our performance, but generally we are very pleased with our oral surgeon business for implants for bone regenerations, products and the products around the implants. The second question was -
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Just strategically on the implant line, how the market is doing?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. Well, I think the market for implants is growing quite nicely throughout the world. I would say that it's pretty good in the U.S. Europe is a bit more muted, but the developing world is growing significantly. So I think it's a good area to be in. And perhaps the most exciting part of the implant business, and I would say that's, with all the specialties, is an investment by specialists in digital technology, be it in the prosthetic side or in the imaging side. So specialists generally are investing more in the practices because, of course, they have the earning power and this is driving our equipment sales throughout the world.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: And just to give you a little color on our overall performance for implants and this is excluding – it's really just the implants, not the products around the implants. On a worldwide basis, we grew in the mid-single digits or slightly higher than that overall with stronger growth in the U.S. and slightly less growth internationally. And overall, we think that we at least maybe outpaced the market by a little bit in the quarter.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: You also asked about IDS, I think there was a customary amount of new products. I don't think it was extraordinary from the point of view of new products. From a sales point of view, they were very good for Henry Schein Germany and the countries around Germany because generally orders are placed by dentists from those countries. It's not an order booking business on a global basis. Of course, there were distributors and manufacturers that come to the show from around the world, but from an order point of view it's really a Germany, Austria, may be The Netherlands and a little bit extra, and we did well from that point of view. Of course, the area of greatest focus was the CAD-CAM area. We saw some advances in scanners, molds, (49:06) and I think all are more or less in line with what we shared on previous calls. The whole CAD-CAM area is getting better in terms of capabilities, efficiencies, and it's becoming more affordable. So from that point of view, there was a lot showing there. From Henry Schein point of view, we're very pleased with our advancements, the offering, an expanded offering, the technology advancements on the implant side, but overall, I would say, it was a solid meeting from an attendant's point of view. Pretty okay from products, but I wouldn't say a revolutionary show from a product innovation point of view.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette, BofA Merrill Lynch.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, Stan and Steve. Impressive results and also congrats on the new Sirona dental equipment deal, which I also have a question on. So I guess at a high level, is there perhaps any extra color that you're able to give around the magnitude of under penetration of CEREC, in particular, into the legacy Henry Schein distribution customers in the U.S. relative to the overall U.S. market penetration rates for CEREC? I'm sure you've done plenty of studies on this, but just wonder if you're able to share anything? Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Sure. There are more studies on this area than probably fact, but it is clear there's a highly underpenetrated area. I think that the number of dentists that either have a scanner or a full service is relatively small. It's probably under 20%. Some say it's as low as 15%, some say it's 17%, doesn't matter because there's 80% of dentists that don't have digital prosthetics in any way, any form at all. So we think it's as an exciting market as the digital imaging markets, and we've done very well in that market with lots more to go because we still have a lot of dentist that have wet X-rays in their practices. So digital imaging is an exciting market. It's a bit more penetrated, actually quite a bit more penetrated than the prosthetics, but the prosthetics is really an open market. And for those that even may have bought a CEREC, it may have been bought with an older version. So there's lots of opportunity for selling CEREC to customers that don't have it and to customers that wish to have a newer version. But at the same time, we also see opportunities for some of the other manufacturers on the scanning side, scan-only side, and that's not only in the dental practice but in the dental lab practice, and it will be exciting opportunities also in the milling arena. Anticipate that there'll be some exciting opportunities from a number of manufacturers in the milling area and also I'm sure that from Sirona. So this is, in generally, a very exciting category and the advancement in blocks is exciting. So the digitalization of dentistry, which we spoke about six years or seven years ago from a prosthetics point of view is really going to be an area that is going to help Henry Schein grow our Dental business in the future as we advanced the connectivity between our practice management software, digital imaging, digital prosthetics and improving the entire work stream in the office to drive more efficiency and better healthcare.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Hagan of Deutsche Bank.
Stephen R. Hagan - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. In International Dental, did you see a pause in the equipment sales ahead of IDS and equipment sales were still up 3% despite this, or was the strength because of fewer dentists waited for IDS than expected? And also what are the particular geographies that drove the strength in International Dental?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: I'll let Steven answer the second component. I mean, we had – as I think I mentioned, we had a very good IDS from the order taking point of view. But I would say that, that was specifically related to Germany and to Austria, a little bit in The Netherlands. Because generally customers don't come to buy from beyond those markets, perhaps a little bit from Eastern Europe but not much. Overall, we had a good quarter in the equipment business and in our international markets. I think that, that was mostly related to countries outside of the Germanic speaking countries where we are doing well with equipment in Europe. So I think you have to bifurcate the market a bit, you have to look at the Germanic countries and the rest of Europe. And there was, of course, in the Germanic countries, although it was a decent quarter and I think at least from our point of view, we expect to have decent sales in the second quarter in the Germanic countries and don't really see much of a pause in our growth in our international business, in general.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. And I'll just reiterate what Stanley said, really the softness, which was probably related to IDS was in the Germanic countries, but it was offset somewhat – more than somewhat was offset by other parts of our International Dental business. And that's typical. You don't typically see people going to IDS to buy equipment from, for example, the U.K, really it's Germany and the surrounding countries where the purchasing habits buying equipment, although people may come from all over the world just to see the different types of equipment. So again, we're expecting a bit of a pickup in Germany but that will be muted by some of the other countries that were very strong also in Q1.
Operator: We do have time for one more question. David Larsen of Leerink Partners.
Matt Dellelo - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey, guys. It's Matt in for Dave. Congrats on a strong quarter. Just want to ask about a couple areas. You mentioned relatively slower Animal Health. Is there anything to read into the growth moderation there or is that just seasonal in North America? And then any other color on the relative softness in technology for the quarter, or is that also just seasonal or cyclical?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: I don't think you should read anything into the numbers in the Animal Health arena in North America. There were some switching around some suppliers, in particular, supplier between us and the competitor. There were some switching between agency and GAAP booking of the full sales. We continue to believe that we're doing very well in the companion area of Animal Health, from a consumable point of view, general consumables, pharma, equipment. The holidays, there's so many different things that go into this. But I think if you take a look at any particular four quarters in our Animal Health, you will see that, I think, we're gaining market share and the business is doing very well. We did have our National Sales Meeting during the quarter. It was a very good sales meeting. I don't know the extent it impacted sales but overall our Animal Health is doing well. On the technology side, the core leading indicator we look at is in the e-commerce arena and the various kinds of transactions we undertake on behalf of our customers. I think that's all very good, solid. You have to also look at the financial revenue primarily leasing from our financial services business, which was a little bit weaker taking into account that our sales on a comparable basis on equipment were a little lower. But I would not read anything into it and – nor would I assume that double-digit sales growth on the Medical side of our business is normal. I think we are very pleased with our internal growth for the company of 5.9%, which take a guess is anywhere between 2 times to 3 times the market growth, we're gaining market share in all of our business in a global basis. Very pleased we are managing our investment in the business very carefully. We're optimistic about the future specifically as it relates to increasing the value-added service offering. And so we were very pleased with the business, in general. It's hard to get every single number perfectly aligned every quarter but overall the bottom – the sales – the internal sales, the operating margin and the EPS growth is something that we're very pleased with. We're working on our strategic plan now for 2018, 2019 and 2020, so many opportunities and the challenge is always about determining what we're not going to do rather than what to do – capitalizing on specific opportunities. Henry Schein has so many opportunities in Dental, Medical, Animal Health space and we're excited about the future and our management team is excited to be advancing our strategies, more in the company is great. And we continue to look forward to creating shareholder value for our shareholders. So thank you all for calling in. If you have any questions, of course, Steve Paladino is always available as our CFO at 631-843-5915 and Carolynne Borders on the Investor Relations side. Carolynne?
Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc.: 631-390-8105.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: And I think we're all going to be out at the...
Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc.: Bank of America.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: ...Bank of America Conference on Tuesday, next week. Look forward to seeing those investors that are going to be there. If you're not there, I believe it will be webcast. So we'll try to provide as much information as practical and appropriate. And we're very, very excited with the addition of the Dentsply Sirona line, but also so grateful and appreciative of those manufacturers that have worked with us to get us to where we are. We believe we have the deepest bench in management and really a broad array of products and solutions with Dental, Medical and Animal Health market. So thank you very much for calling in.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc. Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc. Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.
Analysts: Ethan Roth - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Nathan Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co. Michael R. Minchak - JPMorgan Securities LLC Allen Lutz - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Robin, and thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2016. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. The contents of this conference call contain time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, February 21, 2017. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call, you limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour that we have allotted for this call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Carolynne, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are indeed pleased to report record financial performance for the 2016 fourth quarter and, of course, for the full year. For the quarter, our sales increased by 9.5% with internal sales in local currencies excluding the estimated impact of the extra week – that's the extra selling week of what we estimate to be 4.2%. And on the bottom line, we delivered strong year-over-year diluted EPS growth for the quarter of 10.9% on a GAAP basis and, on a non-GAAP basis, 12.6%. For the year, net sales of $11.6 billion were up 8.9% compared to 2015 with 6.7% internal growth in local currencies excluding the estimated impact of the extra week. While diluted EPS growth was 8.8% on a GAAP basis or 10.9% on a non-GAAP basis. Coming off a successful year, we are affirming guidance for 2017. Diluted EPS that represents growth of 16% to 18% compared to 2016 GAAP diluted EPS or growth of 8% to 10% compared to 2016 non-GAAP diluted EPS. I believe the message you will hear today is that the end markets we serve are experiencing consistent growth and we are focused on continued execution in delivery on our financial objectives. Of course, we did have a slight slowdown in the growth, in the middle of last year, in the middle of the summer – the early part of summer of last year, which we still cannot explain. But we believe that at this point in time, the end markets we serve are, in fact, experiencing consistent growth. In a moment, I'll provide some additional commentary on our recent business performance and accomplishments. But first, Steve will review our financial results in a bit more detail. So, Steve, over to you.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to all. As we begin, I'd like to point out that our 2016 fourth quarter results include restructuring costs of $16.1 million pre-tax or $0.15 per diluted share. And our 2015 fourth quarter results include restructuring costs of $12.4 million pre-tax or $0.11 per diluted share. For the full-year, our full-year 2016 results also include restructuring costs. Those restructuring costs are $45.9 million pre-tax or $0.42 per diluted share and full-year 2015 results include restructuring costs of $34.9 million pre-tax or $0.32 per diluted share, as well as a one-time income tax benefit, net of non-controlling interest of $3.8 million or $0.05 per diluted shares. When I discuss our results as reported on a GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis, the non-GAAP basis will exclude the restructuring costs and the one-time tax benefit in the prior year. We believe that non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable comparisons of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance, and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes, and should not be regarded as a replacement for the corresponding GAAP measures. You can see Exhibit B in this morning's earnings release that has a complete reconciliation of those non-GAAP adjustments. Okay, let me also point out that the fourth quarter of 2016 included one additional selling week compared with the fourth quarter of 2015. This week is the holiday week between Christmas and New Year's. We report on what's called a 52/53 week fiscal year ending always on the last Saturday in December. So, the next time our results will include an extra selling week will be in 2022. So, in order to facilitate more meaningful comparisons, we will provide a separate estimate. We are providing a separate estimate of the impact of the extra week on our sales growth, as well as providing internal sales growth in local currencies excluding that impact. Okay, so turning to our results now. Net sales for the quarter ended December 31, 2016 were $3.1 billion, reflecting a 9.5% increase compared with the fourth quarter of 2015. Our internally generated sales, in local currencies, were up 4.2%, acquisitions contributed 1.3%, there was a 1.5% decrease due to foreign exchange, and the growth attributed to this extra week was estimated at 5.5%. You could see all of these details of our sales growth contained in Exhibit A in our earnings news release. Our operating margin, on a GAAP basis, for the fourth quarter of 2016 was 6.9% and contracted by 18 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of 2015. There are three key elements that negatively impacted our GAAP operating margin that I'd like to discuss and these three key elements negatively impacted operating margin by about 30 basis points in total. The first item relates to acquisitions completed during the first 12 months and the related expenses as well as switches between agency sales and direct sales in our Animal Health business which combined to negatively impact the contraction by 7 basis points for the quarter. Secondly, influenza vaccine sales this year had a lower margin compared to the prior year, which negatively impacted our operating margin by 15 basis points. And the third item relates to an increase in restructuring costs in the fourth quarter of 2016 versus the same period last year and that negatively impacted the contraction by 8 basis points. If you were to exclude the net impact of these three items, our operating margin expanded by 12 basis points. Our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 28.4% that compares to 30.1% in the fourth quarter of 2015. The tax effect of the restructuring costs recorded in the fourth quarter increased our effective tax rate by about 20 basis points in 2016 and about 30 basis points in 2015. Our full-year 2016 effective tax rate was 28.8% on a GAAP basis and, again, the effect of restructuring costs recorded for the full-year increased the effective tax rate by another 20 basis points in 2016 and 30 basis points in 2015. For 2017, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the 28% range. I'd also like to note that in 2017, we are implementing a new accounting standard called ASU 2016-09. This new accounting standard requires excess tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation to be recognized as a reduction in income tax expense in the period which the stock awards vest. As a result, we expect our effective tax rate to be favorably impacted in 2017 and this will primarily occur in the first quarter as this is when most stock-based awards at Henry Schein vest. This impact will occur each year in Q1 and will have varying effects on the annual effective tax rate. Therefore, because of this, we expect our Q1 effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 24%, this is for Q1 only. And we still expect that this Q1 impact is included in our estimated effective tax rate for the full-year which, on a full-year basis, will remain in that 28% range. Our net income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. on a GAAP basis was $139.2 million or $1.73 per diluted share. That represents increases of 7.1% and 10.9%, respectively, compared with the fourth quarter of 2015. Excluding restructuring costs, non-GAAP net income attributable to Henry Schein for the fourth quarter was $151.3 million or $1.88 per diluted share. And that represents increases of 8.6% and 12.6%, respectively, compared with the fourth quarter of 2015, also on a non-GAAP basis. I'd like to point out that foreign exchange negatively impacted our diluted EPS for the quarter by approximately $0.02 and this was partially offset by share repurchase benefit of approximately $0.01 for the quarter. So, let's now look at some detail on our sales results for the fourth quarter. Our Dental sales for the fourth quarter of 2016 increased 7.7% to $1.5 billion. Internally generated sales in local currencies were up 1.6%, acquisitions contributed an additional 1.7%, there was a 1% decrease due to foreign exchange, and growth attributed to the extra week was estimated at 5.4%. We look at North America, our North American internal growth in local currency was 2.2% and included 1.9% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise and 2.7% growth in dental equipment sales and services revenue. As I mentioned last quarter, there was some acceleration of our equipment sales from Q4 to Q3 and that was associated in part with promotional activities that we discussed on our last conference call. It's also important to note that we saw strong growth in the North American consumable merchandise and equipment sales in December, even excluding the estimated impact of the extra week. I'd also like to reiterate that our growth rate was impacted by the decision to stop selling precious metals earlier this year. This is something we've also talked about on the last few conference calls. This decision negatively impacted our North American dental consumable merchandise sales growth in the quarter by about 50 basis points and this will continue for one additional quarter – first quarter of 2017, at which time it will annualize. International dental internal growth in local currencies was 0.7%, included 2.5% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise, and 3.9% decline in dental equipment sales and service revenue. This decline was primarily due to a difficult prior year comparison in international equipment sales and service revenue. We also expect the softness in international dental equipment sales to continue in Q1 as we approach the IDS trade show, which is in late March, and anticipate an acceleration of equipment sales thereafter. On an overall basis, we continue to believe we outpaced the global dental market in Q4 and believe the fundamentals of our business strategy remains strong. Turning to Animal Health sales, they were $837.8 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of 10.8%, internally generated sales in local currencies was up 8.2%, acquisitions contributed 0.4%, there was a 3.4% decrease due to foreign exchange and growth attributed to the extra week is estimated at 5.6%. The 8.2% internal growth in local currency has included 10.3% growth in North America and 6.3% growth internationally. When normalizing for Animal Health results to account for the impact of certain products switching between agency sales and direct sales, that 8.2% internal local currencies was 7.8% growth and included 9.3% growth in North America. We believe this normalized growth rate is a more meaningful reflection of the ongoing performance of our North American Animal Health business. These were solid results as we believe we continued to gain market share both domestically as well as overseas. Our Medical sales for the quarter was $621.1 million for the fourth quarter and that was an increase of 10.6%. Sales growth in local currencies was 4.4%, all internally generated, with 0.1% of small decrease due to foreign exchange, and growth attributed to the extra week estimated at 6.3%. It's important to note that timing of influenza vaccine sales negatively impacted the Medical sales growth by 1.2%. And if you exclude this impact, our sales growth in local currencies was 5.6%. Of this 4.4% growth, 4.5% was in North America and growth of 0.9% in local currencies internationally. We are pleased with our Medical growth as we also believe we gained market share in this business unit. Technology and Value-Added Services sales were $112.2 million in the quarter, an increase of 19.6%. That consisted of internally generated sales in local currencies, up 8.5%, acquisitions contributing an additional 9.8%, and a decrease due to foreign exchange of 1.9%. And finally growth attributed to the extra week is estimated at 3.2%. Of that 8.5% internal growth in local currencies, 7.4% was in North America and 13.9% growth internationally. The Technology and Value-Added Services internal sales growth in local currencies was highlighted by solid growth in both our software services revenues in North America as well as internationally. We continue to repurchase common stock in the open market during the fourth quarter, more specifically we repurchased approximately 1.3 million shares during the quarter at an average price of $156.10 per share and that equated to approximately $200 million. The impact of this repurchase on shares for the fourth quarter was positive by about $0.01 per share. For the full-year of 2016, we repurchased $550 million of our stock, representing 3.5 million shares at an average price of $158.88 per share. And while this was above our originally stated goal, we saw an opportunity to be more aggressive when our stock price declined. Our share repurchase program continues to demonstrate our long-term commitment to create further value to shareholders and reflects our confidence in long-term prospects of the business. At the close of the quarter, Henry Schein had about $250 million authorized for future repurchases of our common stock. And we continue to believe that our capital allocation strategy, which deploys a large of portion of annual free cash flow to both repurchases and acquisitions, continues to drive increased shareholder value. Let's briefly look at our balance sheet and cash flow, operating cash flow for the quarter was $264.5 million. That compares to $298.3 million last year. For the year, the operating cash flow was over $600 million – $615.5 million to be exact. Our CapEx for the year was $70.2 million and that results in free cash flow of $545.3 million for the year. As I mentioned earlier, we are really pleased to have exceeded our goals related to cash flow for the year. Accounts receivable days outstanding was about 41.3 days. That compares to 39.3 days last year. Our inventory turns was 5.5 turns for quarter. That compares to 5.6 turns last year. And finally, I'd like to conclude by reaffirming our 2017 guidance for the year. Our diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is expected to be $7.17 to $7.30 for 2017. I'd like to point out that if the U.S. dollar continues to strengthen, we may come in at the low-end of this range. And obviously, we can't predict well what's going to happen with the U.S. dollar so we just wanted to point out that we do have sensitivity to the U.S. dollar strengthening. We'd also like to note that we have concluded our restructuring program. We do not expect to have any further structuring expenses in 2017. And as a result, there is no separate guidance on a non-GAAP basis since we will not have any non-GAAP EPS for the year. That guidance reflects growth of 16% to 18% compared to 2016 GAAP diluted EPS, and 8% to 10% compared to 2016 non-GAAP diluted EPS. As always, the 2017 diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is for continuing operations as well as completed or previously announced acquisitions, but does not include the impact of potential future acquisitions, if any. And as I said earlier, guidance assumes foreign exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels. So with that overview, let me turn it back over to Stanley.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Steven. Let me begin my remarks with a few highlights of what we believe was a successful, actually, we believe quite a successful 2016. We achieved net sales of $11.6 billion in 2016, up 8.9% from the prior year. Internal sales in local currencies grew by 6.7% when you exclude the estimated impact of the extra week. Diluted EPS growth was 8.8% on a GAAP basis or a 10.9% growth on a non-GAAP basis. Operating cash flow for the year was $615.5 million and exceeded GAAP net income by more than $108 million. We announced seven strategic acquisitions in 2016 with a total investment of approximately $229 million as we continue to expand our geographic presence and enhance our product offering. These acquisitions has combined trailing 12-month revenue of approximately $270 million. The acquisition included dental market expansion into Poland, Japan, and Canada where we're already very strong, as well as an expanded presence in Australia, New Zealand, the UK, and the Netherlands for our practice management solutions offerings. To sum it up, we believe that 2016 was quite a solid year. Now, let me review our full business group starting with Dental. We believe the North American dental consumable merchandise market is improving as we saw particularly strong growth in December and January. We also continued to see increased capital equipment investment in dental practices, which drove strong U.S. and, actually, North American equipment sales in December. January is typically not a strong month for equipment sales, following year-end tax incentives here in the United States, such as Section 179. On the whole, we believe we continue to gain market share in our Global Dental business. We're looking forward to the biennial International Dental Show, known as the IDS, in Germany next month, as we expect the continued promotion of digital workflows for general dentistry as well as for dental specialties including implant dentists, orthodontists, and those performing endodontic treatments. We believe practices and laboratories will benefit from the introduction of a broad array of digital products and, in particular, enhanced scanner solutions and lower priced milling machines. As many of you may know, digital dentistry is a top priority of our strategic plan for both North America and internationally. We continue to experience robust sales in our digital scanner solutions in North America, in line with our focus on open architecture. In addition, we offer full chairside systems and, over time, we will seek to broaden the options we offer to dental practices to support product innovation and the proliferation of this important technology. We believe we are well-positioned as market adoption continues to evolve. Strategic acquisitions remain a cornerstone of our business. We recently announced the acquisition of a company by the name Southern Anesthesia + Surgical or SAS. SAS is a highly regarded provider of surgical supplies and pharmaceuticals to approximately 11,500 oral surgeons, dental anesthesiologists and periodontists across the U.S. as well as those GPs undertaking specialty procedures. They had last – for the year 2016 about $72 million in sales. SAS enjoys loyal longstanding customer relationships with oral surgery practices in the U.S. In bringing together SAS in our Ace Surgical Supply business – two well-known and respected brands – we'll offer the market a broad array of products focused on the unique needs of dental surgeons. In mid-January, we announced that we completed the acquisition of a majority ownership interest in Dental Cremer, a distributor of dental supplies and equipment in Brazil. Dental Cremer had last year, the full 2016 net sales of approximately US$145 million and serves nearly 90,000 dental practitioners in Brazil. You may recall that we first entered the Brazilian market in 2014 with our investment in the Dental Speed Graph. We believe we are well-positioned to benefit from the market growth in Brazil in dentistry, which actually is growing quite nicely. That is fueled by a growing middle-class and aging population at the same time. We are pleased to welcome Dental Cremer to team Schein as we build scale in this important emerging market. Now, to Animal Health for a bit. Overall, the global animal health market is healthy and is growing, particularly in the companion animal segment where we have expanded opportunities to deliver value-added solutions, and we believe that we continued to gain market share during the fourth quarter. Today, we are well-positioned to leverage attractive opportunities in these animal health markets. And in the companion segment, we are focused on providing greater selection of high margin products, much as we do in the dental and medical markets. While these markets are competitive, our strategy is deliver high quality solutions and support at price points that fairly reflect the value we provide. We believe our customers value the products and services we offer including our robust and differentiated software platforms, all of which facilitates the delivery of high quality care to the animal health market. We recently attended the North American Veterinary Conference in Orlando where we launched a new Samsung-branded diagnostic chemistry instrument with bidirectional functionality, the full body digital radiography solution from Cannon, and our new Sparkline software dashboard, which integrates our practice management software to identify key performance metrics, such as revenue growth and customer retention. These additions and advancements continue to build on our solutions-based products and services that enable our customers to grow and run, actually, operate a more profitable practice. We remain highly optimistic about our opportunities in the practice solutions area in the Animal Health space and including the offering of diagnostic equipment and the related connectivity to our software. It, of course, took us a little time to get our offering together as we relied on a particular manufacturer in the past, but have gained excellent momentum and are very, very excited about offering a wide – a variety of options to the animal health practitioners who really do appreciate our expanded offerings, not only in the U.S., but globally. Before we move on to Medical, I would like to highlight our recent announcement of a 51% investment in Tecnew, a leading distributor of animal health products in the state of Rio De Janeiro in Brazil. Tecnew serves nearly 5,000 animal health customers and had 2016 sales of approximately $24 million. This acquisition marks Henry Schein's interest into the animal health distribution market in South America. We look forward to building on the strong reputation that Tecnew enjoys today in Brazil as well as on the experience that we've gained through our entry into the Brazilian market on the dental side a couple of years ago as discussed earlier on. Now, the Medical. Medical sales growth was 5.6% in the fourth quarter excluding influenza vaccine sales, as well as the estimated impact of the extra week. While this quarterly growth rate has moderated from prior growth rates as we indicated it would, we believe it reflects solid market share gains and, in particular, among large group practices including the IDN networks, the integrated delivery networks. We believe the medical markets we serve remain healthy despite considerable industry speculation about the potential changes to the healthcare coverage in the U.S. under the new administration. We believe any healthcare reform will broadly preserve a commitment to enabling access to health insurance for Americans. The debate is largely about who pays for it and the administration opted (31:36) access to care. While there's still uncertainty, we do not expect to see a significant decline in the number of covered lives associated with coverage changes as it relates to visiting a primary care physician in the ultimate care, in the non-acute care market. In addition, we believe that over time, the trend towards treatment in the ultimate care setting will continue as will the emphasis on wellness and prevention. This is directly associated with primary care physician visits, which is that large part of our Medical business. This positions us well as our focus is on serving these core medical customers. I would like to highlight a recent addition to our executive management team with Bridget Ross who has joined us in the role of President of our Global Medical Group. Bridget was previously at Johnson & Johnson where she spent more than 28 years in sales, marketing, general management activities, overseeing innovations in medical device solutions. At Henry Schein, Bridget will be responsible for the overall leadership of our Global Medical Group. We have focused primarily over the last half a dozen years on the domestic market in the ultimate care physician space. And with Bridget joining us, we are hopeful now and expect to expand our global presence and add specialty areas in a similar manner to the way we have grown in the Dental and the Animal Health space. But our priority was to focus on IDN business, large group practices in the medical arena domestically. We will still, of course, focus on this area. But we felt that there is a large opportunity to follow the same strategies we followed in our Animal Health and Dental businesses of expanding globally and, at the same time, adding specialty components to our offering. Bridget will be part of Karen Prange's team. Karen is our Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of our Global Animal Health, Medical and Dental Surgical Groups – another executive who joined Henry Schein in May of last year. Bridget will be supported by seasoned, highly capable team on the Medical side in the U.S. The sales and marketing operations of that team led by President, Brad Connett, who has done an outstanding job for Henry Schein for well over two decades and will include an international team. Brad and the Medical team in the U.S. plus our international team on the medical side, have helped drive our success in this important market over many years. This is indeed a period of transformational change and consolidation in the global medical industry and Henry Schein is committed to helping lead customers through this transformation. We believe we do have the unique capabilities that enable us to be of tremendous value, provide tremendous value to those medical practitioners practicing in the ultimate care market and for those kinds of facilities that work in the primary care and specialty areas outside of the acute care area, outside of the drugstore and the long-term care markets. As market, technological, and demographic forces converge to create a unique business opportunity for Henry Schein, we are indeed delighted that Bridget has come onboard to help us to make the most of these opportunities. So, let me conclude with my business overview of Technology and Value-Added Services, which also had a solid quarter with high single-digit internal growth in local currencies. Enhancing digital platforms for the whole of our growing customer base is an important priority for Henry Schein. The core of our software solutions across various platforms seeks to better connect customers with their patients and improve overall practice efficiency. The dual commitment reinforces our value through their practices. As part of our strategic plan, we'll continue to develop and acquire innovative solutions to drive interoperability with devices, as well as the cloud in order to efficiently manage the clinical workflows in our customers' offices. These are indeed exciting times and Henry Schein remains well-positioned to advance our customers' needs as they seek to automate their practices and take full advantage of the digital economy that has rapidly emerged and will, in fact, advance even further in the next few years. While we have an excellent footprint with our practice management solutions in North America for dental and animal health markets, we believe there remains significant opportunity for us to expand our technology platforms in other markets and geographies where we have more limited presence. Through our business development efforts, we'll continue on expanding our technology presence globally and continually seek to evolve our cloud-based systems to better integrate our solutions for expanding practices and enterprises. Before we take your questions, I would like to highlight a few awards and recognitions Henry Schein has received during the fourth quarter. First, Henry Schein was named the Best Animal Health [Healthcare] Product Provider for 2016 by Global Health & Pharma Magazine, a UK-based healthcare publication. This was the inaugural animal health award, the awards were created to recognize companies that promote health and welfare of animals and focus on companies that explore innovation, technology, scientific achievements, and wildlife conservation. We are honored to have been recognized for our commitment to serve the needs of those who safeguard animal health around the world. Additionally, we were honored to be chosen among the top performers in the Health Care Technology & Distribution as part of Institutional Investor's 2017 surveys for All-American Executive Team. The awards in the CEO, CFO, and IRR program categories speak to our commitment to open communication and transparency with our investors, as well as our commitment to driving business execution and delivering value to our shareholders. So, there's a lot that's happening at Henry Schein, very pleased with the performance last year given the challenges we experienced in the Dental side in the early part of summer last year, and the foreign exchange challenges we experienced. But overall, the net bottom line was quite good. We are well-positioned to have, again, a good 2017. Our management team remains excited. The morale in the company's 21,000 team Schein members around the world remains high and we are excited about the future. So, we have some time for questions.
Operator: And your first question come from the line of Jon Block from Stifel.
Ethan Roth - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thanks. This is Ethan on for Jon. Going to be a quick question and then follow-up. A lot of focus has been on the North American dental market recently, but I'm hoping you can comment on what you're seeing in the international consumable side. You grew 2.5% in 4Q and the growth has been about in the 2% to 3% range for the past few years. How does that 2% to 3% compare with the underlying market and what is the right long-term growth rate you'd expect from international dental consumables?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Sure. I would say similar comments internationally. Markets are stable, they're consistently growing. Historically, we've always seen the international markets grow a little bit slower than the U.S. market. They're a little bit more comparable at the current time. We absolutely believe we're gaining market share in international dental. So, I would say that steady-as-she-goes and I think that the consistency in the market should continue going forward. Now, of course, that the consumable comment, you know we do have lumpiness related to equipment and the IDS show that we talked about. So, IDS, typically people delay purchases in this current quarter to see new models and new show specials for equipment later in the quarter and that turns into sales in Q2 and Q3. So, we'll see some lumpiness there on international dental equipment sales.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: We remain quite optimistic with our international business. I think to reiterate what Steven said, if you leave aside the lumpiness on European, and particularly Germans – German and the DACH region sales, I think we're expecting a decent year in both international merchandise and equipment.
Ethan Roth - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. And then Steven, you kept the guidance range unchanged. Would it be fair to say that the buyback in 4Q may have given you a few cents benefit relative to when you initially guided, but this was largely offset by some incremental FX headwinds since the November guidance?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. I think that's exactly right. We weren't expecting to buy back as much as we bought back. In hindsight, it turns out to be even a good – a very good short-term decision. But longer term, we expect it to be even a better decision because we do have high confidence in the business. The foreign exchange has been a headwind. It has been a headwind for 2016. It's still a headwind for 2017. And because of the unpredictability of foreign exchange, those two kind of counteract each other.
Ethan Roth - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Valiquette with Bank of America.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, Stan and Steve. So, I guess for – just kind of looking at the strength you mentioned in the December and January dental consumable, that's obviously encouraging. Just curious if there's any more color on that, whether you can break that down into DSOs as well as individual practitioners or maybe more on one side versus the other? Or is it just really across the board? Just curious for more color on the trends you're seeing there. Thanks.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. So, I would say there's no significant variance that I've seen between large DSOs and middle market. It seems to be more across the board, although we personally are seeing stronger growth in our middle market. That's an area that we have keen focus on. But I think the overall market is relatively consistent. As you know, Steve, we've seen periods of time, so we're optimistic where December and January will continue, but there's no certainty in that. We've seen times where – again, lumpiness in sales. But right now, things seem to be pointing to a slight acceleration in the U.S. dental market. And remember just one other thing, Steve...
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. That's great.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: ...that's consumable comment. Equipment, on the other hand, because of the strong December that we had and because of Section 179, which typically pulls sales forward from Q1 into Q4, you have to expect that Q1, you'll see lighter equipment sales because of that tax benefit that pulled forward. And that's a bit of a timing thing that should occur each year now going forward given that the Section 179 is now permanent.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Got it. Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thanks, guys. Good morning. Just a couple of quick ones here. So, Steve, I guess, as you're starting to see these December and January improvements in the North American consumables side, anything now you can look backwards and say, the change seems to be coming here and maybe the slowdown from June through November, anyway, was caused by something. Any better ideas or thoughts on what caused the slowdown to begin with?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: We're still a little bit perplexed as to why it occurred. And Stanley, actually, I think, in his comments said something similar to that. There's really no additional data points that we've seen that give us any greater clarity as to why it happened. We just know it did. And again, hopefully, the long-term prospects of the dental market will continue to be favorable. The demographics are still on our favor, people taking better care of their oral healthcare, aging population, all of that. So, I wish, Jeff, I had a better answer but we really don't have more clarity on that.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. No. Understood. And I apologize, I've been jumping between calls here so, I might have missed Stanley's comments. But Stanley, just on the Medical side – and I'm going to show my age here – but I think about 10 years ago or so, you guys kind of dipped your toe into some specialty areas. I don't remember why oncology and dermatology ring a bell, but maybe it was other areas. But then you saw that there was a big pharma component, some other things that you didn't like as much maybe and kind of got out of those areas. It sounds like now kind of going down the specialty route again in Medical. So, can you compare and contrast maybe what you learned a decade ago in that and how this time it might be different?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah. That's a good question. So, the two areas we exited were low margin cancer oncological pharmaceuticals. That's more in line with what the big pharma or the big drug wholesalers do. They deal with high volume products, lower margins than what we do. There's not much we could have added to those kinds of practices through our field sales consulting methodology. Likewise, we exited the specialty pharma area, again, a low margin part of the pharma business. The areas we have been doing well in are areas such as dermatology, also quite a bit of a private practice arena, the aesthetics area, the obstetrics and gynecology area, the areas that have of course pharmaceuticals, but have a nice componentry from our point of view of disposables and equipment, and those are the areas we will focus on. I don't want to give you an impression that we were not focused on those areas because, actually, they have contributed nicely to our growth over the last six years or so, and have been quite profitable. But we anticipate advancing our investment in those areas in the years to come, in particular into devices rather than low margin pharmaceuticals.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. This is Nathan Rich on for Bob this morning. Stan, just going back to your comments on the dental equipment business, you talked about broadening the offering here and, obviously, there's the change coming with how Cerner will be distributed in the U.S. At this point, have you guys seen this have any impact at the practice level? I'm just wondering if maybe we could see some dentists either delaying decision-making or maybe your sales force doesn't push as hard if they're expecting to have a broader offering to sell later this year.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Well, that's a good question. I don't know whether we will carry one particular manufacturer's product or another, whether we will expand, whether we'll not. What I do know is that there is a desire to acquire more digital equipment in the office, both in terms of digital imaging and digital prosthetics, chairside, and also I might add on the digital prosthetics in the lab arena. We have an extensive offering of equipment in the digital imaging space and the digital prosthetics space. So, we are well-positioned and had been well-positioned to grow our market share as we have executed well in these areas, and have also executed well in these areas. So, I don't think we're as much dependent on a particular product. We would like to have as wide offering as possible, but we are committed to open architecture and have done well with the offerings that we actually have, whether it has been in the digital space or, I might add, in the traditional operatory, the chairs, the units, the lights, the compressors, et cetera. So, we believe we are well-positioned to continue to grow our market share. I don't believe there has been any holdback. I think we had a very good fourth quarter. I might just remind you that in the fourth quarter of – in the first quarter of 2016, we did have exceptional equipment growth, I think the number was something like 13.5%. So, you need to take that into account when you look at the first quarter of 2017. It's not going to be possible I think to have those kinds of double-digit growth, and I'm talking about the North American market. But having said that and excluding the quarterly lumpiness, I think we are well-positioned with our offering, not dependent on any one manufacturer and, indeed, I think we would like to carry all lines to the extent that manufacturers would like to work with us but we are committed to open architecture. Let me remind you that we did exceptionally well in growing our market share on the equipment side in the United States without having the number one market share product in units, chairs, and lights. We added that product offering and did well. But I don't think our sales people held back any equipment sales anticipating us, at some point, taking on the number one player in the chair, units, and lights. So, bottom line, long answer, we have a great offering. We have a great sales marketing service group on the equipment side. We are well-positioned. But, of course, we do want to have as wide product offering as possible, but we need to respect the notion that we are open architecture and we'll sell everyone's product. We are a fiercely competitive company and we'll fight for every dollar of sales using the products that we have in our bag and we have done well with that philosophy for decades.
Nathan Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks for that. And Steve, if I could just ask a quick follow-up on operating margins. Just wanted to see if the 53rd week had any impact on operating margin for the quarter. And then as we think about margins for next year, would you expect sort of that same-store margin target that you have of about 20 basis points? I mean, is that right in terms of the way we should think about the potential for margin improvement next year? Just looking for a better understanding of the different swing factors as we think about the model.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Sure. Yeah. So, you're correct in – for Q4, the extra week was a little bit negative. I haven't calculated the exact amount, but was a little bit negative to overall Q4 operating margins. Again, the main reason is it's a light week for sales. And with two-thirds of our expenses being compensation and compensation-related, you get a full week of compensation. So, margins were a little bit lower there. On full year 2017, yes, our guidance does assume at least 20 basis points of operating margin expansion and it's correct to note that's on what we like to call same-store basis, meaning it excludes the impact, if any, of any acquisitions that could be positive or negative to that number. But we do believe that there's still room for margin expansion going forward.
Nathan Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Great. Thanks for the questions.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Lisa Gill from JPMorgan.
Michael R. Minchak - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. It's actually Mike Minchak in for Lisa. You guys talked about the strong growth in the U.S. dental consumables in December and January. Did you also see that momentum continue into February? And then, can you remind us what you factored into your 2017 guidance? Are you assuming an ongoing recovery in U.S. dental consumables market? Just trying to understand the degree to which you've built some conservatism into the guidance?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Sure. We'll start with the last part first. The 2017 guidance really only assumed a very modest improvement in end market conditions, not just for Dental, but for all of our markets. So, it was more consistent, but with some slight improvement. February, we didn't comment on because when you start segmenting months and looking at it in a particular week-by-week basis, you really couldn't get misleading results. But we don't think – we wouldn't have said December and January unless we believed that there was potential for it to continue. But looking at the specific weeks, it's too short a period to really draw conclusions from.
Michael R. Minchak - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. And then just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the competitive landscape in Dental, especially as it relates to large versus smaller customers. Have you seen any changes in the competitive dynamics in either of those segments recently?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: This is probably the most asked question from analysts other than how's the market doing. And I just want to reemphasize what we've been saying for years, the dental market is competitive. It's a market that is driven by a combination of price and service offered. In other words, value. I don't think anything has changed. We have a good market share in the large practices. We have, we believe, the most outstanding offering with tremendous experience in that area. And, yes, every now and again, a competitor will go in with prices below ours and we will not match those prices because we believe our offering is of high value and we cannot and will not dilute the value that is ascribed to our offering. So, I would be understanding that Henry Schein is competitive in the space – highly competitive in the space, has always been competitive. There has always been competition. The competition hasn't increased at all, it's the same competition we've had for decades. Sometimes words are said, sometimes there are announcements about a particular account won. Henry Schein does not announce each one of our accounts that we win. We don't discuss our strategy precisely. We talk to our customers about that, and that's our job. Our job is to provide value to our customers. I believe we continue to do a good job in that area, and there is no more competition today than there was 10 years ago. The competition wants our business and we want our competition's business. It's a fiercely competitive market. Henry Schein will continue to provide great value to our customers, and we will continue to increase the value-added that we deliver to our customers each day. So, it's a pretty stable market, highly competitive as it has always been, and there's no time at all to sit back and relax – there never has been a time to sit back and relax. And we are committed to growing our market share in all areas in the industry. We have a good track record in that regard, and we anticipate that, that track record will continue.
Michael R. Minchak - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. I appreciate the comments.
Operator: And we have time for one more question. And the question is from the line of Michael Cherny with UBS.
Allen Lutz - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. This is Allen in for Mike. Thanks for taking the question. In the Medical segment, can you talk about what is driving the share gains in large group practices? Are you still seeing the benefit from the agreement with Cardinal or is there something else happening there?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: So, I'm not sure how share gains have ever had anything to do with any particular supplier relationship. Yes, we did acquire a book of business from Cardinal. That was a one-time step-up as result of that acquisition, excluded from internal growth numbers. And we have been executing for the past, I think it's now seven years on a strategy to gain market share amongst large group practices. It was about increasing our capabilities through both additional management and focus and through additional value-added services, very similar, I might add to what we did in the Dental arena when we started our special markets group 21 years ago. So, it's about focus. It's about management. And it's about the value-added services and, actually, the product offering. That has resulted in our market share growth in the space. We do well, we are well-positioned, and we anticipate doing well, but I would not say that it's because of any one supplier. We have a very good supplier relationship with Cardinal today, they're very helpful. But they also supply our competitors with products. So, I don't think it's any one way or another related to any specific manufacturer.
Allen Lutz - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc.: Robin?
Operator: And you have any closing remarks?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Okay. Yes. Let me – thank you, Robin. Thank you, Carolynne, and Steven, and everyone, for calling in. Again, we are very excited about where we are at Henry Schein, our plans for the future, our four major business units, each one have great business plans for this year: our Global Dental Group; our Global Animal Health Group; our Global Medical; and of course, our practice solutions, and financial services, our Value-Added Services group. We are in the process of looking on our 2018, 2019, and 2020 strategic plan. I don't expect any major directional change. I do expect additional focus in certain areas, a movement of resources, but this was all anticipated through the restructuring we went through at the end of 2015 and through 2016. So, as I said right at the beginning of the remarks, our management team is excited, the morale in the company is great, and we have so many opportunities to expand the business both through internal growth and through acquisition growth. Obviously, acquisitions happen when they happen, they are lumpy. But our pipeline remains decent and we anticipate advancing on the acquisition side without any commitment as for specific dates, for any specific amounts of capital. We will use our capital as we have now for quite a while to continue to buy back some shares, make some acquisitions and, of course, invest in the business. We are well capitalized. We have cash that we need to execute and, again, very excited about the future. So, thank you for calling in, and we'll be back in about 60 days after I think – at which time, we'll be able to report on the Chicago Midwinter Meeting, the IDS Meeting will have just occurred. And likewise, I think we'll be able to give you a better temperature on the animal health market and on our Medical business. So, thank you very much. If you have, by the way, any questions, please feel free to call Carolynne Borders in our Investor Relations Department at 631-390-8105. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc. Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc. Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.
Analysts: Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore Group LLC Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Michael Cherny - UBS Securities LLC Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC David M. Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein third quarter conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders. Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Bettina, and thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the third quarter of 2016. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including growth rates and market share, are based on the company's internal analysis and estimates. The contents of this conference call contain time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, November 2, 2016. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call, you limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased to report record financial results for the third quarter. We believe we gained market share in each of our business groups, as the company continues to be well served by our diversified portfolio and an expanding global customer base. Today, we are affirming guidance for 2016 GAAP diluted EPS growth of 7% to 8% or 10% to 11% on an adjusted non-GPA (sic) [non-GAAP] basis. We are also pleased to introduce guidance for 2017 diluted EPS that represents growth of 17% to 19% on a GAAP basis or growth on a 9% to 11% basis on an adjusted non-GPA (sic) [non-GAAP] basis. Both compared with respective midpoints of 2016 guidance. In a moment, I'll provide some additional commentary on our recent business performance and accomplishments. But to set the tone, we remain very pleased with the state of the company, with our continued market share growth throughout the world, and believe we are operating in very good markets. So, Steven, please provide your financial report.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Stan, and good morning to all. As we begin, I'd like to point out that our 2016 third quarter results include restructuring costs of $5.4 million pre-tax or $0.05 per diluted share. Our Q3 2015 results include restructuring costs of $8.4 million pre-tax or $0.08 per diluted share. Also, our prior year third quarter results include a one-time income tax benefit net of controlling interest of $3.8 million or $0.05 per diluted share related to a favorable tax ruling. I will be discussing our results as reported on a GAAP basis and also on an adjusted non-GAAP basis, which excludes the restructuring costs and the prior year tax benefit, as we believe the adjusted non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enabling comparison of financial results between prior periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to the key metrics used by management in operating our business. These adjusted non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes, and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. You can see in Exhibit B of this morning's earnings release a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. So first, turning to our sales results, our net sales for the quarter ended September 24, 2016, were $2.9 billion, reflecting a 6.7% increase compared with the prior year's third quarter and this consists of 7.7% growth in constant currency and a 1% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internally generated sales increased 6.0%, and acquisition growth contributed an additional 1.7%. When further normalizing our results for switches between agency sales and direct sales, that internal sales growth in local currencies for Q3 was 5.6%. You can see the details of sales growth in Exhibit A of today's earnings release. The operating margin on a GAAP basis for the third quarter of 2016 was 7.0%, and that was a contraction of 3 basis points compared with the third quarter of 2015. There are three key items that negatively impacted our GAAP operating margin by approximately 17 basis points. The first item relates to acquisitions completed during the past 12 months and the related expenses for those acquisitions as well as the switches between agency sales and direct sales. They combined negatively impacted the contraction by 14 basis points. Second, flu vaccine sales this year had a lower margin compared to the prior year, and that negatively impacted our operating margin by 15 basis points. This was offset by the third item that was related to a decrease in restructuring costs in the third quarter of 2016 versus the same period last year, and that favorably impacted the contraction by 12 basis points. So, when you net out those three items, the net impact of these items, our operating margin on a non-GAAP basis expanded by 14 basis points. If you look at our reported GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter, it was 28.9%. On an adjusted non-GAAP basis, it was slightly slower at 28.7%. This compares with an adjusted non-GAAP effective tax rate of 29.6% for the third quarter. As you'll recall, we had a favorable tax audit that we discussed last quarter that allowed us to reduce our overall ongoing effective tax rate, and we expect next quarter the effective tax rate, on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, to be in the same 28% range that we're showing this quarter. Net income attributable to Henry Schein on a GAAP basis was $133.7 million or $1.63 per diluted share, representing increases of 4.7% and 7.2%, respectively, both compared with last year. Excluding restructuring costs, adjusted non-GAAP net income attributable to Henry Schein for the third quarter was $137.7 million or $1.68 per diluted share, and that represents increases of 5.5% and 8.4%, respectively, compared with last year, also on a non-GAAP basis. I think it's important to point out that foreign exchange negatively impacted our diluted EPS for the quarter by approximately $0.01, and that was offset by share repurchases, which benefited by about the same approximate $0.01, so they kind of netted each other out. Let me provide some additional details on sales by business group. Dental sales for the third quarter of 2016 increased 5.1% to $1.3 billion. This consisted of 5.6% growth in local currencies and a 0.5% decline related to foreign currency. In local currencies, internally generated sales increased 3.9%, and acquisition growth contributed an additional 1.7%. Looking at North America, the North American internal growth in local currencies was 4.4%, and that included 1.8% growth in sale of dental consumable merchandise products and 13.3% growth in dental equipment sales and service revenues. I'd like to point out that the dental equipment revenue benefited, to some extent, from an acceleration of sales from Q4 into Q3, and that was associated, in part, with some promotional activities that occurred in the third quarter. I'd also like to reiterate that our growth rate was impacted by the decision to stop selling precious metals that we discussed last quarter. This decision negatively impacted our North American dental merchandise sales during the current quarter by approximately 50 basis points. And that'll continue to impact our merchandise sales growth for the next two quarters until fully annualized. Our annual sales of precious metals in the prior year was approximately $14 million, and again that won't reoccur in 2016 or going forward. International internal growth in local currencies of our Dental group was 3.1% and included 2.7% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise and 4.2% growth in dental equipment sales and service revenue. On an overall basis, we believe we outpaced the global dental market for the current quarter, and we believe the fundamentals of our business strategy remain strong. Turning to Animal Health, our Animal Health sales were $790.3 million for the third quarter; that's an increase of 7.9%. The components include growth of 10.6% in constant currencies and 2.7% decline related to foreign currency. Internal sales in local currencies grew 8.6%, and acquisitions contributed an additional 2.0% to our growth. That 8.6% internal growth in constant currencies consisted of 10.0% growth in North America and 7.2% growth internationally. The normalized impact of Animal Health results, which again accounts for the switching of products from agency to direct sales, that 8.6% internal growth in local currencies reflects a 6.9% growth including 6.6% in North America. Again, this normalized growth rate is a more meaningful reflection of the ongoing performance of our North American Animal Health business. We believe these were solid results, and we believe we continue to gain market share both domestically and overseas in Animal Health. Turning to Medical, Medical sales were $639.6 million for the third quarter. That's an increase of 7.1%, which is all internally generated. There's no material impact of sales growth related to foreign currency for this business, and the components of that 7.1% included growth of 7.4% in North America and a slight decline of 0.9% internationally. Again, we're pleased with the Medical growth and we believe we gained market share also in the medical market. Last, turning to Technology and Value-Added Services sales, they were $104.7 million in the quarter. That's an increase of 16.7%. That included 18.3% growth in constant currencies and a 1.6% decline related to foreign currency. The components of that constant currency internal growth was internally generated sales increase of 7.6%, and acquisition growth was an additional 10.7%. And that 7.6% growth globally included 7.0% growth in North America and 10.8% growth internationally. I'd like to point out that the North American sales were highlighted by growth of more than 11% in our financial services businesses. These businesses include equipment and practice financing, credit card practicing, practice brokerage, patient collections, and other services. Internationally, the Technology sales growth was driven primarily by increased software services. During the quarter, we continued to repurchase common stock in the open market. Specifically we repurchased 1.2 million shares during the quarter at an average price of $163.62, and that is approximately $193 million. As I said earlier, the impact of the repurchase of shares on our third quarter EPS was about $0.01 favorable. Our share repurchase program demonstrates our long-term commitment to create further value for shareholders and reflects our confidence in the long-term prospects of our business. In line with this, we increased share repurchases in the third quarter at a greater rate than prior quarters. Also, on October 19 of 2016, we announced that our board of directors authorized an additional repurchase of an additional $400 million of shares of the company's common stock. That's in addition to the program that was announced in December of 2015, and we have completed the purchase of that December 2015 repurchase program. Again, we continue to believe our capital allocation strategy, which deploys a large portion of our annual free cash flow to share repurchases and M&A activities, will continue to drive increased shareholder value. If we look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow, we had very strong operating cash flow for the quarter, $178.1 million, that compares to $107.4 million last year. And, again, we believe that strong cash flow will continue for the balance of the year. Our DSO, or day sales outstanding, in accounts receivable was up slightly to 42.4 days for the current quarter versus 40.6 days last year. And inventory turns, the other key metric, was 5.6 turns, and that's relatively unchanged from last year, which was 5.7 turns. Let me conclude my remarks by discussing both our 2016 and 2017 financial guidance. For 2016, we expect GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. to be $6.11 to $6.16 that represents growth of 7% to 8% compared with the GAAP diluted EPS of $5.69 for 2015. Adjusted non-GAAP diluted EPS, excluding the restructuring costs ranging from $0.42 to $0.46 per diluted share, is expected to be $6.55 to $6.60 for 2016, and that represents growth of 10% to 11% compared to the adjusted non-GAAP diluted EPS of $5.96 for 2015. I'd also like to note that a significant portion of our EPS in the current quarter, in excess of the consensus estimates for the current quarter, was impacted by favorable timing versus the fourth quarter. The 2016 guidance assumes Q4 adjusted non-GAAP diluted EPS in the high-single-digit to low-double-digit range or in the high-single-digit range on a GAAP basis. Guidance for 2016 GAAP EPS and adjusted non-GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is, as always, for continuing operations as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions, but does not include any impact for potential future acquisitions, if any, or any restructuring costs. Henry Schein expects that the current restructuring activities to be completed this year in the fourth quarter. We expect restructuring costs in Q4 2016 to be $17 million to $22 million pre-tax or $0.15 to $0.19 per diluted share. I'll also point out that 2016 guidance assumes foreign exchange rates that are generally consistent with the current levels. However, we believe that the U.S. dollar may continue to strengthen especially against the British pound. And remember that about 35% of our worldwide sales are in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. I'll also just remind people that our results this year are on a 52/53 week basis, ending on the last Saturday of December. So fiscal 2016 consists of 53 weeks. This extra week is in the last week of Q4 2016. And obviously, since that's a holiday week at the end of the year, between Christmas and New Year's, sales are generally lower during that week and we anticipate that the extra week will not materially add to our earnings since fixed expenses remain relatively constant. When we report Q4 results, we'll also provide information on the sales impact of that extra week. Turning to next year, we're introducing 2017 financial guidance as follows. GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is expected to be $7.17 to $7.30 for 2017. Since we do not expect to incur any restructuring costs in 2017, there is no separate non-GAAP guidance. The GAAP guidance will be the only guidance that we're reporting, and this guidance reflects 17% to 19% on a GAAP basis compared to the prior year and 9% to 11% on a non-GAAP basis when using the non-GAAP numbers for the prior year and the midpoint of those non-GAAP numbers. Similarly to the 2016 guidance, the 2017 guidance is for current operations, does not include any previously-announced acquisitions or the potential impact of future acquisitions. And again, I'll point out that we assume foreign exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels. So with that quick summary, I'd like to turn the call back over to Stan.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Steven. Let me begin my review of our four business groups with the Dental group. Our North American dental consumable merchandise growth in quarter three was relatively consistent with the quarter two growth. Sales of dental specialty products did well in the third quarter with particular strength in the implant sales worldwide. While the dental consumable merchandise market continued to reflect somewhat slower than historic growth, it appears to be stable. Though not back to levels we saw a couple of quarters ago, we believe that the soft U.S. dental market is more temporary as September sales growth accelerated, although October was somewhat soft. We believe that October sales growth was negatively impacted by the weather in certain areas of the country. I would note that we have demonstrated our ability to deliver profitable EPS growth even during soft market conditions. North American dental equipment internal sales growth in local currencies is 13.3% during the quarter, while, shall I say, sales of high-tech equipment with strong CAD/CAM and Zahn customer automated prosthetic product sales experienced double-digit year-over-year internal growth in local currencies. Note that equipment growth benefited to some extent from an acceleration of sales growth associated in part with the promotion in the quarter. Favorable dental equipment purchases are typically a leading indicator of dental practitioner sentiment. We do believe that the third quarter equipment sales in North America, coupled with the potential benefit from the Section 179 tax incentive, indicate that current market slowness may not prevail over the long term. That said, we are still closely monitoring industry data points as they become available in order to gauge the growth of the dental end market in North America. We would like to see additional future market data to draw any firm conclusion on sales trends. As we implement initiatives to expand digital dentistry in North America and abroad, we are pleased to report that sales of our digital impression solutions continue to be strong. Year-over-year, quarterly sales once again grew in double digits for our global prosthetic solutions business worldwide. We have an excellent product offering with scanners from PlanScan, 3Shape and 3M in North America, Australia, and New Zealand, supported by a software platform that features all-in-one capabilities and open architecture. This allows dentists to choose the best technology for their practice. In Europe, we are the leading distributor of Sirona dental equipment. We are playing an important role in educating dental practitioners on the benefits of CAD/CAM technology and integrated digital workflows, and we are well positioned as the market adoption continues to evolve. As I mentioned, sales of dental specialty products, which include implants, orthodontics and endodontics did well this quarter. In particular, we posted low-double-digit worldwide sales growth with dental implants. Today, we are well positioned to leverage the attractive opportunities in these fast-growing markets with high-margin products. Our dental specialty product offering is highly synergistic with our core Dental business as an increasing number of general practitioners are now performing more specialty procedures themselves, rather than referring them out. It is our goal to capitalize on our relationships with these GPs – these general practitioners – and help their practices generate new sources of revenue while providing their customers, their patients, with a great quality of service and clinical value to their patients. Finally, with respect to our Dental business, during the third quarter, we announced a definitive agreement to acquire an 80% ownership position in Marrodent, one of Poland's largest full service dental distributors with 2015 sales of approximately $32 million. Marrodent marks the company's entry into the Poland dental market, opening opportunities for approximately 20,000 dental offices to do business with us and building upon a presence following our 2014 entry into the animal health market in Poland, which has proven to be most successful for the company. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016. We look forward to serving the Polish dental community with the same high standards of commitment to efficiency and success that customers throughout the world have come to expect from Henry Schein, helping our new Polish customers operate a more efficient practice so that they can in the end provide better quality care to their patients. Now, let me touch briefly on our Animal Health business. As Steven mentioned, when normalizing Animal Health results for agency switches, our internal sales growth in local currencies was 6.6% in North America. International sales during the third quarter were up 11% in local currencies, with 7.2% internal growth complemented by our strategic acquisitions, including KRUUSE in Denmark and Vetcorp (26:33) in Australia. We believe the animal markets in the U.S. and abroad are healthy and continue to grow. With our focus on the companion animal segment in the U.S., we see significant opportunities to expand our market share by servicing all the practices' needs of office space veterinarians with products and related services, including our software to address their clinical diagnostic and reference lab requirements. We do have an excellent portfolio of products and services that is arguably the deepest in the industry. Our practice management and Axis-Q software solutions offer robust clinical integration features to connect with diagnostic systems, capture revenue and help practice operate efficiency. Our goal is to help animal health practitioners operate a more efficient practice so that they too can provide better quality care. We continue to believe we are making good progress in executing on our diagnostic sales strategy and are very pleased also with the performance of our Global Animal Health group. Let me now turn to our Medical group. We believe our Medical sales growth of 7.1%, all internally generated, was well in excess of the broader market and reflects our ability to increase market share as we capitalize on our exposure to large group practices, including IDNs, the Integrated Delivery Networks. We continue to benefit from trends associated with the Affordable Care Act in the U.S. as there are more covered lives and more procedures moving from the hospital setting to the general practitioner offices. And the office practitioner of course is our primary customer. We believe our Medical businesses can grow at a healthy rate in the high-single digits in a market that is currently growing in the low-single digits, even potentially less. I'll conclude my business overview with Technology and Value-Added Services. We are pleased with the third quarter performance of these businesses, as we are with our other groups. Internal sales growth in local currencies was 7% in North America and 10.8% in our international business. North American sales were highlighted by growth of over 11% in financial services business, while international growth was primarily driven by software revenue. Strategic acquisitions contributed growth in local currencies of nearly 18% in North America, including the contribution of Vetstreet, and growth of more than 21% internationally, driven by RxWorks. Our technology offerings are key elements to our total solutions platform at Henry Schein. Technology will be a critical enabler of more efficient, patient-friendly practices. We're investing in the development of products that will help us better service and grow our installed base. Lots of exciting activity going on in the Technology group. Our next generations of solutions will be ready to meet the requirements of faster and easier access to data, the sharing of workflow in the cloud, and streamlined communication with patients. Interoperability with devices will also play a big role here, and really, really doing great work in this part of the business. So, before we take your questions, I would like to make a few remarks about the future strategic initiatives of the company. We are beginning the process to develop the 2018-2020 strategic plan. In keeping with our focus on providing value-added solutions to our customers, this plan will build on our foundation of delivering high-margin products, software and services that help practitioners drive more successful, more profitable businesses while providing the best in quality care. The combination of practice efficiency and providing quality care are the hallmark of the Henry Schein Value-Added Services offering that will play a key role and be center to our 2018-2020 strategic plan. So, operator, with those comments, we're ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of Ross Muken with Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore Group LLC: Hi. This is Elizabeth Anderson in for Ross. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the North American dental market, particularly the consumables in the quarter, and then also what you're seeing in terms of competitive levels for different segments like large groups or smaller ones. Thank you.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: So thank you for that question. We believe the U.S. dental market continues to be quite stable. In our view, the soft U.S. dental consumable market is more temporary, in our view again, as September sales growth accelerated. Now, just to be clear, we're talking about hundreds of basis points, even less than that, swings. So it is hard to measure this impact on a month-to-month basis. September was strong, October was soft. We believe the October sales growth was negatively impacted by weather in certain areas in the country. When I say soft, I mean relatively soft in terms of basis points. Small numbers of basis points. It is still, in our view, too early to conclude whether the market will experience a more significant rebound. But it's really important to note that our U.S. dental equipment and our specialty product sales were strong during the quarter. By the way, our Canadian business is also strong. So that impacts the North American performance as well. We believe that the U.S. dental equipment positive trends are positive market indicators. So, overall, the U.S. dental market is solid, probably flat from a unit point of view. Very hard to tell. There are some units that are up in the specialty areas, and there's also some price compression because of, perhaps, competitiveness with one or two product categories. But, overall, the market is solid, and very hard to make concrete long-term decisions on trends based on one week's performance over another. But we believe dentists would not be investing in their practices if they didn't feel good about the practices. By the way, we do continue to feel very good about our global Animal Health business, our U.S. Medical business, our international Dental business. And overall, we do feel very confident that we are gaining market share across all of our portfolios throughout the world. So it's a long answer to a short question.
Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore Group LLC: Perfect. That was very helpful. And then, just in terms of the competitive environment you're seeing in Dental in terms of large group or smaller spaces, do you have any additional comments on that area? Any changes you've been seeing?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Well, the dental market has always been a very competitive market. We have been competing strongly with our major competitors and the smaller competitors for decades. I'm not sure the competition has increased substantially. At the end of the day, we believe we have a very strong proposition to offer to our large customers, our midsized customers and our smaller customers. The proposition we offer is based on a margin generation value that enables us to fund the Value-Added Services, which we believe are unique in the market, in particular, our software that we offer, interoperability of that software with various devices, our e-commerce platform. These are all unique. So, given that array of value-added offering and coupled with the prices that perhaps are being offered from time to time by competitors, we believe we have a very good offering and, more important, do not feel we are in any more of a competitive disadvantage or advantage to the historical trends. Having said that, we do believe that our value-added service offering continues to improve and, therefore, increases the positive gap between us and our competition.
Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore Group LLC: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Good morning, guys. How are you?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Very good. How are you doing?
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): I'm doing well. Thank you. So, Steve, I want to start with you, and then Stanley, I want to come back to a bigger picture question for you as well. But, Steve, just I would assume you guys can cut your data in certain ways. So just on your October comments, I'd be interested to hear kind of what you were seeing in the North American dental consumables market, maybe outside the Southeast where I'm assuming your weather comments are focused, And then I'm just trying to understand what you pulled forward into 3Q. I get it on the promotion side, on the equipment side for the North American dental, but it feels like to me, you may be talking about some other areas as well. So just want to clarify that.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah, on the favorable timing, I'll deal with the first that's easy. There are three factors. One is the North American dental equipment sales, 13% growth in the current quarter, but some of that did pull forward from Q4. The second is favorable timing on influenza vaccine sales. I think, as most people know, we can't control sales between Q3 and Q4. And we just had stronger versus last year – we had stronger sales growth in the current quarter versus last year's third quarter. And the last is, it's some timing of some expenses. And again, all three of those, we wanted to point out that while it was still a strong quarter, were some favorable timing things that helped Q3 and will reverse in Q4. On your second question, Jeff, I think you know that starting in June, the market saw and we were unfortunately the first to talk about it on our conference call, the U.S. dental market showed softness. We saw that softness really continue June, July and August at different rates, but not materially different rates. September was a very strong month for us. We were beginning to believe – during September, and I'm talking about consumable merchandise in the U.S. dental market, specifically, we were beginning to believe that it was really just related to the summer and vacations for practices or patients, but it was very strong. And then, October was not as strong. It was still a bit better than what we saw earlier. But, geographically, you had the hurricane impact that negatively impacted things. You had the ADA trade show that was in a different quarter than last year that negatively impacted. So we still believe that October is potentially an indicator of positive signs, but as Stanley said, we don't have a perfect crystal ball. We would like to see some future data points. Equipment sales we would expect to be strong again because of Section 179 in Q4. Stanley also highlighted specialty sales to give you a specific on that, specifically on dental implants, and I think everyone knows dental implants typically because they're high-priced products and high-priced procedures and very little insurance coverage, when patients are more conscious of their spend, typically that's something that shows weakness earlier. But again, we had very strong dental implant sales. We had double-digit sales growth globally and even slightly higher than that in the U.S. market. So I think both the equipment and the specialty sales are indicators that the market is stable and has potential, but we're still being cautious (41:18) don't have that perfect crystal ball.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah, understood. That's helpful, Steve. Thank you. And then, Stanley, so the bigger picture question for you is you guys have been great at kind of this long-term planning over the years, kind of laying out your three-year plans as you're talking about 2018 to 2020 now, but even the longer term plans than that. So I'd be interested to hear from you just kind of how do you think the next three years to five years in the dental market, how are you going to have to compete differently than maybe you have over the last three years to five years to maybe even ten years. Obviously DSOs have grown to be a bigger part of the North American market. Rumors out there that maybe some other competitors are trying to get into the North American dental consumable side of the market and that. So just how do you think you have to change the way you compete over the next three years to five years?
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you, Jeff. Good question. I think we have to, of course, add to the Value-Added Services proposition of Henry Schein. We have many business units that are offering different componentry to the dental market whether it's products, specialty products, whether it is value-added services, software, e-commerce, different kinds of services from an education point of view, from a practitioner's point of view, from the relationship with schools. We need to go out into the marketplace much more with a one-stop proposition to our customers, including leveraging our businesses outside of dental, namely medical and to some extent veterinary, because they also are dealing with some of the schools and some of the institutions. So, what we need to be doing is going out far more with a one-stop value-added service proposition. We are well positioned. I don't believe anyone has the array of services that we have and particularly on a global basis. We need to globalize more of our value-added services, be it in the digital prosthetic field or in the software field. And interoperability will be key. So these are the various areas that we will focus on. Your last sentence about additional competition coming into our markets with large accounts, I think that's what you implied. I don't think anything has changed there. There's been a lot of competition in that space. There will always be competition in that space. More of the business will go into the very large accounts, but more will go into the mid-sized accounts. And I believe that in our strategic vision for the future, we will focus on separate value-added service propositions for different sectors of the market, the very large, the mid markets and the small. And these will be global propositions because it's the same trend that we're seeing around the world. And our value-added service offerings will be globalized. Yes, they will be customized for specific market needs, but the strategic thinking behind these offerings and the services that we will develop or expand the services that we will develop will be utilizing global resources and global solutions, with some customization for the local needs. So we are very excited about the opportunities we have to further advance our value-added service propositions for specific sectors based on the size of customer and adding to that the various value-added service solutions from a specialty point of view as well.
Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc.: Bettina, we'll take the next...
Operator: Okay. And your next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny with UBS.
Michael Cherny - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning, guys, and thanks for all the details so far. So I want to ask a different type of competition question. I know this has been the theme, but it seems like the theme across healthcare. I know you guys have been very much focusing on the value-added services you provide, the strong partnerships. Have you seen a trend of people working or are you trying to use price specifically? It seems like it's coming up in other different healthcare subsectors where that's in the dental market or even animal health and medical where people are trying to use price specifically as the weapon trying to come in and take share.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Well, of course, price has always played a role – a key role. You've got to be competitive. Price has been an issue in our markets for the 36 years that I've been in the business. So, yes, price is important. But you have to balance price with value-added services. It costs money to develop value-added services. It costs money to field a sales force, although both the value-added services and the field force need to be more efficient. We need to have more sales per head and we need to have more sales per dollar invested in value-added services. So the combination of investment in the value-added services and price is what drives competition and the bottom line. We obviously have to sharpen that as we have done every single year for decades. We have to sharpen at the end of the day the price we charge for the value-added service and the products. Competition has always been there. So I'm not sure if there's anything new in the market other than we have to just continue with what we've done for decades, which is to provide a better proposition to our customers. I'm confident that we are well positioned to do that as we bring together our various offerings into a unified offering for our customer base.
Michael Cherny - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. The fact that nothing's really different I think is the key focal point, so I appreciate the color.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: When I say nothing's different, nothing's different in the market in terms of competition. The dental market, the medical and animal health markets have been fiercely competitive markets for decades, and I don't expect that to change.
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Can I just add one thing, please? Mike, you made reference in your question to other areas of healthcare where there is, my understanding because it's not an area we participate in, but I assume you're referring to pharma wholesaling and over the last couple of weeks or so, there's been a lot of input on very competitive situations. I just want to make sure everyone realizes that's not our market. Sometimes we get painted with a broad brush that we're both in healthcare distribution, but whatever is going on there, and I don't pretend to understand it as well, that is really not what we're seeing in our market. Yes, you have to be competitive, but we still don't believe that you have participants who are doing irrational pricing in order to gain market share. So it's just a different world in our segment of medical and animal health.
Michael Cherny - UBS Securities LLC: Steve, that's very helpful clarification. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Just a quick question for Steve. The inventory levels are down again quarter over quarter sequentially, which is counter to sort of the historical trend in the business. Was that largely tied to Dental, and should we expect that to bounce back in the fourth quarter?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah, well, inventory levels were down. The inventory turns were also relatively consistent year-over-year. And when you look at our inventory levels, there's less inventory carried for equipment, because much of equipment is custom ordered. So we do have certain equipment that, for standard packages, that we'll sell immediately to customers. But many times, customers are not ordering out of inventory. So it's directly related to more the consumable sides. I would say that the better measurement is looking at inventory turns, and that's been consistent. And our goal, quite frankly, is to improve turns over the next year or two. There're still opportunities in the market, from time to time, to do small forward buy-ins. So we take advantage of that where it's financially smart to do so. Typically, we're not buying forward any significant period of time. We're dealing with four to six weeks. So it's very short-term buys. But if the market allows us to get a little bit of advantage doing that, then we'll take advantage of it.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: That's it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Larsen with Leerink.
David M. Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey, congratulations on a good quarter. Can you talk a bit about the growth rate in North American medical? I think it was 7% in the quarter. What was that ex agency, and how did that compare to the previous quarters? Was that a slight deceleration?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Okay. So there was no agency impact that was material in the current quarter. So it's the same number with or without agency because there was no impact. So, yes, you're correct that it was slightly lower than a comparable number, which I think was high-single digits – high-single maybe to 10% in the prior quarter. But I don't think there's anything there. It's still very strong sales growth. We're still growing significantly faster than the market and taking market share. And you have to be careful just specifically looking at that closely one quarter to a next, because there are ebbs and flows in winning business that don't perfectly go straight line in every quarter, but we're still very pleased with that 7% growth.
David M. Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah, it looks good. So there's no noticeable impact from, like say, the Affordable Care Act or perhaps some lives coming off of these exchanges, nothing like that? It'll probably pop back up next quarter?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Well -
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: I think these exchanges are not really impacting us directly per se. The number of Americans who now have access to a primary care physician has gone up over the last year or two or three. More people realize that through the Affordable Act, they can access a primary care physician. They understand more and more the value of a primary care physician visit. So that has gone up. We have cautioned, though, on prior calls, that double-digit growth in this market is not realistic. Can't do that forever. So the kind of growth we're experiencing now, a little bit up, little bit down, is where we can continue to grow for a while into the future. Mid-single digits to a little bit higher single digits is, I think, what you can expect. But beyond that, we may have quarters from time to time with a very high rate, but I don't think that is sustainable, and we certainly haven't built our models and our budgets around that.
David M. Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay, great. Thanks and congrats on a good quarter.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Thank you.
Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc.: We have time for one final question.
Operator: Okay, and your final question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks very much. Steve, can you just clarify – you had strong U.S. dental equipment growth, but you did say some of that was driven by promotions? I think I heard you say you expect it to be strong in the fourth quarter too, but just wanted to make sure, can we expect that number to be a positive number year-over-year in Q4?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah, so, it's not unusual for us to have promotions from time to time. It's part of what we continually do. We had a very successful promotion for equipment sales that ended at the end of Q3, which is also typical. We typically time our promotions to end at the end of a quarter. It's probably more successful than we expected it to be, which is a good thing, I guess. And I guess, John, the thing that we believe will be positive for us is this whole Section 179, where practices can deduct up to $500,000 of CapEx. And we believe that'll drive additional equipment sales growth in Q4, and we've been saying that all year. But quite frankly, it's really hard to estimate with precision how much of that will occur, but I do think that we'll see benefit there and I do think that there'll be a little bit of impact because we did pull forward equipment sales, but we still expect to have a good Q4 in equipment. But the wildcard is how much of the 179 will actually come to help us in Q4.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great, that's helpful. So the other question, if you just think about your U.S. business in total, are you seeing any signs that some of the softness that you saw pop up in June in Dental is rolling into Animal Health or Medical?
Steven Paladino - Henry Schein, Inc.: Yeah, it doesn't seem like that. It doesn't seem like that at all, which is also another factor why we believe that this U.S. phenomenon may be more temporary. Temporary may not be measured in a month or two. It may be measured in a longer time period. But when you look at Medical and you look at Animal Health, we're really not seeing a similar thing occurring in the U.S. So I think that's a positive indicator, but we're being cautious. While we do expect a little bit of improvement in the U.S. dental market in our guidance, we're not being very aggressive there until we actually see it occur because we can't predict exactly when that temporary piece will rebound. And again, we're still expecting it to rebound, but we have to actually see it happen.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great, thanks so much.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: John, just to add to Steven's comment, I think it is reasonable to expect mid percentage growth – single-digit growth in our Animal Health and our Medical businesses. Yes, we've had quarters where that number has been higher. I'm talking about an internal growth adjusting for agency switches in the Animal Health space, but I think mid-single percentage growth is reasonable in Animal Health and Medical. Again, we've had higher, but we have to build our models based on that. Some growth in Dental and that I think is the way we need to project the future rather than build it based on – build our future based on some of the spikes we've had on the higher side from time to time. Again, we are very comfortable with our businesses. We expect to grow market share across the board in each of our businesses in the major sections of consumables, equipment, value-added services in the case of Animal Health in both the pharmaceutical side and the consumables side, the disposable side, diagnostics. And so I think we're well positioned in the entire company to continue to grow market share across the board. We have a great management team. We're adding to the management team in a couple of areas where we have, where we feel that there's greater opportunity to grow into newer areas or areas that may be of the newer parts of the economy from our point of view and are very, very excited about the company. The morale is good and overall I think we're well positioned to develop our 2018-2019-2020 strategic plan. We have a clear understanding of what's going to be in there. It's a question of fine-tuning. And we're very, very excited about the future.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: So with that in mind, everyone, thank you for calling in and we look forward to being on the phone with you, I think, in this time it's 120 days, right? Because it's in February. So if you have any questions, please feel free to call Carolynne Borders at...
Carolynne Borders - Henry Schein, Inc.: 631-390-8105.
Stanley M. Bergman - Henry Schein, Inc.: Or Steve Paladino with the 5915 as the last four digits. Thank you very much. Have a great balance of the year and look forward to speaking to you in 2017.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference call. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Vice President-Investor Relations Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP
Analysts: Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. David M. Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore Group LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Henry Schein's Second Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Sylvia, and thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the second quarter of 2016. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, August 4, 2016. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion, you limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour that we have allotted for this call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Carolynne, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'll provide further information, further color on our performance during the second quarter, expectations for the rest of the year, after Steven provides the specific information on our performance in the second quarter. Generally, though, our North American dental sales were a little bit below our expectations in the second quarter. However, sales in our Medical, Animal Health, Technology, Value-Added Services businesses was strong, as well as in aspects of our North American dental business. And we will again provide further color on specifics after you have the details from Steven. Over the years, our business has been quite predictable and, as an organization, Henry Schein has been able to adapt, seize opportunities and address challenges. We believe that our business model and strategic plan, including our continued investments, will drive our growth over the long term and in fact in the medium term. And we remain extremely well-positioned in each of our vertical markets we serve, not only to gain market share, but of course to manage our investments very carefully. We have a seasoned management team that is very good at these points and particularly at gaining market share and managing our investments in a very strategic way. On a granular level, looking at plans for the UK to leave the European Union, they're on a very early stage, which is likely to be a two-year process, many say not much starts until early next year. Surely, there will be developments along the way, but let me be clear that Henry Schein's commitment to the UK remains unchanged and so does our commitment to the European Union. We continue to believe that the UK and Europe on the whole represent attractive long-term opportunities in both our Dental and Animal Health businesses and perhaps even in our Medical business in the long term. We expect to continue to execute well in our value-added custom approach, just as we did before the Brexit vote. In a moment, I'll provide, as I said, an additional commentary on our recent business performance and accomplishments, but first Steven will review the specifics around our financial results.
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Okay. Thank you, Stan, and good morning to all. As we begin, I'd like to point out that our 2016 second quarter results include a favorable proposed tax settlement of $4.5 million or approximately $0.05 per diluted share. Q2 2016 results also include restructuring costs of $20.4 million pre-tax or $0.18 per diluted share. Our prior year Q2 2015 results also include restructuring costs of $7.2 million pre-tax or $0.06 per diluted share. I will be discussing our results as reported on a GAAP basis and also on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes those restructuring costs, as we believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful information about the financial performance of our business, enable comparisons of financial results between periods were certain items may vary independent of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to the key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures. You can see our Exhibit B to this morning's earnings release that provides a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. So turning to our results. Net sales for the quarter ended June 25, 2016 were $2.9 billion, reflecting a 9.3% increase compared with the second quarter of 2015. This consisted of 9.7% growth in local currencies and a 0.4% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internally generated sales increased 7.6% and acquisition growth contributed an additional 2.1%. Also, when further normalizing the switches between agency and direct sales, our internal sales growth in local currencies for the company for Q2 was 5.8%. You can see the details of our sales growth that are also contained in today's earnings news release on Exhibit A. If you look at the operating margin on a GAAP basis for the second quarter of 2016, it was 6.3% and contracted 67 basis points compared with the second quarter of 2015. The increase in restructuring costs in the second quarter of 2016 versus the same period last year negatively impacted the contraction by 43 basis points. Acquisitions completed in the past 12 months and related expenses as well as the switches from agency to direct sales also combined to negatively impact our contraction by 9 basis points. The remaining contraction was primarily driven by lower than expected sales growth in our North American Dental business relative to our other businesses. As a result of this, we have extended our restructuring period to the end of 2016 in order to continue to reduce our cost structure. Our reported effective tax rate for the quarter was 27.6%. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding restructuring costs, our effective tax rate was 27.4%. This compares with an adjusted effective tax rate of 29.8% for the second quarter of 2015 when also excluding restructuring costs. As I mentioned earlier, our tax rate this quarter reflects approximately $0.05 per diluted share related to a favorable proposed tax element. We also expect the settlement to reduce our ongoing effective tax rate going forward. More specifically, we anticipate that our effective tax rate on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis to be in the 29% range for the remainder of the year. And previously we had guided that effective tax rate to be somewhere in the 30% range. If we look at net income attributable to Henry Schein on a GAAP basis, it was $120.1 million or $1.46 per diluted share, representing increases of 1.8% and 4.3%, respectively, compared with the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding restructuring costs in both periods, our adjusted net income attributable to Henry Schein was $135.4 million or $1.64 per diluted share and that represents increases of 9.9% and 12.3%, respectively, compared with the prior year. Foreign exchange impact on diluted EPS for the quarter was not material. I'd also like to note that at current exchange rates, we expect the foreign exchange translation of our outside of the U.S. earnings to negatively impact our diluted EPS in the second half of the year by at least $0.02 per diluted share, and that's related to the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus the British pound sterling. Let me now provide some detail on sales results for the quarter. Dental sales for the second quarter of 2016 increased 4% to $1.4 billion. This consisted of 4.1% growth in constant currencies and a small 0.1% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, internally generated sales increased 2.8% and acquisition growth contributed an additional 1.3%. Our North American internal growth in constant currencies was 2%, and it included 1.8% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise and 2.7% growth in dental equipment sales and service revenue. As we noted in our press release, our Q2 Dental sales in North America reflect softness that began in early June. Our performance was also impacted by a decision to stop selling certain precious metals products. These products have a very low gross margin and are relatively immaterial to our profitability. Precious metals sales negatively impacted our North American dental merchandise sales growth in Q2 by approximately 50 basis points. So, again, our growth would be 50 basis points higher without the decision to stop selling precious metals. This will continue to impact our merchandise sales growth until it annualizes, so it will continue for the next three quarters. As Stanley mentioned, we are extremely well-positioned among our dental customers and we will continue to invest in opportunities that we believe will drive our growth over the long term. Looking at international internal growth in local currencies, our Dental group was 4.2% growth and included 4.5% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise and 3.1% growth in dental equipment sales and service revenues. That growth internationally was driven specifically by Italy, France and Spain, to a large extent. Animal Health sales were $853.6 million in the second quarter, that was an increase of 14%. This included growth of 15.2% in local currencies and a decline of 1.2% related to foreign currency exchange. Our internal sales in local currencies grew 11.8% and acquisitions contributed an additional 3.4% to our growth. Looking at the North American Animal Health sales, internal sales growth in constant currencies was 18.8%. And when normalized in the results to account for the impact of certain products switching between agency and direct sales, our growth was 11.4% in North America. We believe this normalized growth rate is a more meaningful reduction – sorry, I mean, more meaningful reflection of the ongoing performance of our North American Animal Health business, and also reflects the strength of a broader animal health market. Our international Animal Health sales growth internally in constant currencies was 4.9%. Looking at our Medical group, our Medical sales were $538.8 million in the second quarter and that was an increase of 14.4%. Foreign exchange had virtually no impact on our sales growth. That 14.5% growth included 14.9% growth in North America and 2.4% growth in local currencies internationally. Again, when normalizing for the impact of agency sales in the prior year, North American internal growth was 10.4%. And this is the sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit sales gains for our North American Medical business. So indeed, we have been outperforming the medical market by a fairly significant margin for the past six quarters, and we have effectively capitalized on the growing market trend towards larger group practices, including IDNs, or Integrated Delivery Networks. Our Technology and Value-Added Services sales were $107 million for the quarter, representing a 19.6% growth. This included 20.4% growth in constant currencies and a 0.8% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, the internally generated growth was 8.1% and acquisitions contributed an additional 12.3%. The 8.1% internal growth in local currencies included 8.5% growth in North America and 6.4% growth internationally. I'd like to highlight that our North American sales growth included more than 20% growth in our Financial Services business. Our Financial Services business includes equipment and practice financing, credit card processing, practice brokerage, and patient collections as well as other services. Our core software products and upgrades of Technology and Value-Added Services businesses also aims to provide customers with solutions that are efficient and patient friendly, allowing them to generate more business, manage content among multiple sites and improve the overall practice management. During the quarter, we continued to repurchase our common stock in the open market. More specifically, we purchased 337,000 shares during the quarter at an average price of $169.41 and that represented about $57 million. The impact on the current quarter of that purchase was immaterial to our EPS. I think it's important to note that, at the close of the quarter we had approximately $243 million authorized for future repurchases of common stock, and we continue to believe that our capital allocation strategy, which deploys a large portion of our annual free cash flow to share repurchases and M&A activity will continue to drive increased shareholder value. If we look at some brief highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow, we had very strong operating cash flow for the quarter, $274 million compared to $207 million in the prior year, and we believe we'll continue to have strong operating cash flow for the year. Accounts receivable days outstanding was 40.8 days this quarter, compares to 39.3 days last year. Inventory turns for the quarter were 5.6 turns and that compares to 5.8 turns last year. Let me conclude my remarks by discussing our 2016 financial guidance. We are revising our guidance due to the impact of a number of factors. These factors include the ongoing business and economic uncertainty related to the Brexit vote, which would have a potential impact on the UK as well as the rest of Europe. As noted earlier, given the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus the pound sterling at current exchange rates, we expect foreign exchange translation to negatively impact our diluted EPS in the second half by at least $0.02, and this new guidance also includes a cautious view of the North American dental market. So for 2016, we now expect adjusted diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein to be $6.55 to $6.60, which represents growth of 10% to 11% compared with the 2015 adjusted diluted EPS of $5.96. All of these adjusted diluted EPS numbers exclude restructuring costs, and this compares to our previous guidance, which was $6.55 to $6.65. Our guidance is presented on a non-GAAP basis only, given that the company cannot reasonably project a restructuring cost that we expect to incur in the second half of 2016. For the same reason, the company is unable to address the probable significance of that information. Our guidance for 2016, adjusted diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is as always for continuing operations, as well as completed or previously announced acquisitions, but does not include the impact of potential future acquisitions, as well as restructuring costs. We now anticipate that the restructuring initiatives will continue into the second half of the year, as we continue to reduce our operating costs in light of some of these market conditions. At this time, again we're not able to provide estimates for this impact in our 2016 financial results. Specifically, for Q3, we expect our growth in adjusted diluted EPS, again excluding restructuring cost, to be in the mid-single digits, so mid-single digit growth for Q3, but we obviously expect the growth to accelerate in Q4. This guidance also assumes foreign exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels as of now. However, we do believe that there's a possibility that the U.S. dollar may continue to strengthen; and remember that 35% of our worldwide sales are in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Also, I'd like to conclude by mentioning that our fourth quarter results, since we're on a 52-week, 53-week basis, ending on the last Saturday of December, include an extra week. So 2016 consists of 53 weeks. The extra week is in Q4 of 2006 (sic) [2016] (20:03) and it's the last week of our fiscal year, which is the holiday week at the end of the year. So, sales are typically lower during that week, and we typically don't have the same level of profitability because of fixed costs remaining relatively constant. So with that, I'd like to now turn the call back to Stanley.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Steven. Let me begin my review of our four business groups with Dental. As Steve noted, North America Dental sales were impacted by softness in the U.S. that began in early June. We believe the strength of our relationship with our customers and our commitment to delivering value to their practices will continue to be key to our long-term success. And as in the past, it'll enable us to continue to gain market share not only in the United States, but globally in the dental markets. Although the sales growth was lower than expected in the second quarter, we believe we have a proven and successful model of delivering value-added solutions to our customers and we have increased our focus on delivering better sales results in the short term. As evidence of this commitment, during our second quarter, we announced an investment in Custom Automated Prosthetics, known as CAP. CAP is a U.S. digital laboratory supply company with 2015 sales of approximately $30 million. They offer CAD/CAM equipment as well as a full line of zirconia materials, the integration of CAP with Zahn, which is our dental laboratory business, and our Custom Milling Center furthers our commitment to providing dental laboratory customers with a greater selection of digital equipment, materials and services. We believe these products will help them, our laboratory customers, to navigate through the important digital transition that is occurring in the dental technology space today, and I might add, at a rapid pace. Further supporting our commitment to advanced technology and to help prepare the next generation of dental professionals for advances in digital dentistry, in May we announced the opening of the Henry Schein Digital Dentistry program at Temple University's Kornberg School of Dentistry. Technology advancements are affecting almost every aspect of the practice of dentistry, and we are committed not only to bringing those advancements to our customers, but also to making sure our current and future customers are well versed in all aspects of running an efficient and profitable practice, while allowing for high-quality patient care. Dental students and faculty at Temple University now have access to the latest 3D imaging equipment, intraoral scanners and milling machines made available as a result of this partnership. Regarding our digital dentistry efforts, we continue to see strong growth in sales of digital impression solutions with our 3M, 3shape and PlanScan scanner offerings. The breadth of our product offering is reflective of our belief that customers want choice and open architecture for their restorative dentistry needs. This also creates an opportunity for follow-on software and mill sales, when these dental practices are ready to move to a full scale in our systems. With Zahn Dental and CAP, we continue to be well positioned to provide innovative solutions to the lab market for restorations that are outsourced from the practice. Let me just add that in North America, CAD/CAM sales were strong in the second quarter, driven by digital scanner sales, while our traditional equipment sales was soft; and I might add partially due to timing. Lastly, I'd like to comment on a recent change in our Global Dental Surgical Group. As of June, BioHorizons has become the exclusive distributor of CAMLOG branded products in the United States and Canada. This creates a unified sales force in the U.S. for compete dental offerings to specialists and general practitioners. By combining the two sales forces for these high quality complementary brands we're creating a more efficient go-to-market strategy, giving our customers access to a greater selection of products and services from high-quality branded to high-quality economy implants with a wide variety of clinical base products. It also will afford more robust North American coverage in strengthening our position to effectively compete and grow our market share in, as I said, the premium and value-added segments of the dental implant market. We look forward to continued success in this important segment. These businesses are and actually have been doing quite well for a while. Now let me turn and, of course, happy to answer more questions on the Dental side during the rest of the call. On the Animal Health side, as Steven mentioned, when normalizing for Animal Health results, our internal sales growth in local currencies was 11.4% in North America, reflective of a healthy market, but also reflective of market share gains. We have been gaining market share in North America in the animal health arena for a while now. International currency sales during the second quarter were up 12%, with organic growth complemented by acquisition growth. We are making good progress with our diagnostic product portfolio, targeting practices that are nearing the end of the instrument lease agreements as well as growing clinics with a need for multiple systems for high volume testing. Indeed, sales of diagnostic products in North America grew in the low-double digits in the second quarter compared to the prior quarter. We believe this is ahead of the market growth in this sector. Axis-Q continues to be an attractive element of our sales proposals as customers see strong benefits in efficiently linking their practice management software with their diagnostic instruments. This is a holistic approach. It's not selling devices nor is it selling software; it's the interoperability of devices and software connected to the practice management system, the clinical workstation. As a reminder, Henry Schein's practice management software is today used by more than 50% of the U.S. veterinary practices. Again, strategy here in the animal health space is doing very well, well thought out and being well executed, of course, not only in the U.S., but throughout the world in the animal health arena where Henry Schein is in fact active. Let me now turn to Medical. The reported growth in our Medical group of 14.5% was impacted by agency sales in the prior year. When normalizing for this impact, the core internal growth for North America Medical was 10.4%, as Steven mentioned. And let me stress, this is the sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit sales gain. We continued to see solid growth from large group practices, including IDNs, the integrated delivery networks, as we onboard new customer wins from the past year. These are internal growth wins that we've been working on for a while and that are bearing fruit. In addition, the expansion of large health systems with which we have built strong relationships over the past several years is contributing to our growth. Our focus on the ambulatory surgery center segment of the market is yielding solid results as well, as we are seeing strong sales in the sector. And our teams are making inroads with our smaller market segments, including universities and sports medicine, where we have a growing base of customers who rely on our broad value-added service model. Now, let me talk about the Technology and Value-Added Services group. We are pleased, again, with the second quarter performance of this business group. North American Technology and Value-Added Services internal sales growth was 8.5% in local currencies, matched the highest growth rate in more than three years. Strategic acquisitions that bolstered our market share in this business as sales in local currencies increased by more than 21% in North America during second quarter and by nearly 15% internationally. Of course, we are very pleased with these results as reported to the P&Ls of these businesses. But let me remind our investors that, in fact, it's the stickiness, the value-added services, that our Practice Solutions group brings to bear in our customer base that has the real strategic value. Enhancing digital platforms across the businesses we serve is an important priority for Henry Schein, in fact, one of our largest and perhaps most important priority. We provide a means for our customers to better connect with their patients and improve overall efficiencies, thereby reinforcing our value to their practices and, in fact, allowing our customers to show their value to their patients. And we continue to develop innovative solutions to drive interoperability with devices and, of course, the cloud to manage workflows. We are very, very pleased with the progress we've made specifically on our cloud-based dental product and the connection between our practice management software and the devices in the dental space, whether it is in the imaging area or in the prosthetics area, likewise, as I reported earlier on, in the animal health space with our diagnostic and imaging product offerings that are connected so well to our practice management software, which will only get better over time. So as you may know, 2015 was a special year for Henry Schein as we marked 20 years as a public traded company. In May, we had the opportunity to celebrate this milestone as we opened trading at the NASDAQ Stock Market. 20 years ago we had a vision for what Henry Schein could become. Since then, more and more people have joined us in sharing that vision, in building our company and expanding our presence in the global markets we serve. And all the while we have demonstrated we can successfully serve shareholders while also serving society and, of course, our suppliers and our customers and the team. We are pleased to have accomplished so much as a result of the hard work of the team Schein members across the globe over the past 20 years since we've been public. We continue to be most optimistic about our strategies. We're unwavering in executing our strategic plan, which revolves around the notion of helping practitioners operate a more efficient practice while providing better clinical care. We feel that we have the right strategies and the tactics in place, and we'll of course make sure that we manage our expenses in a way that delivers on our commitments to our shareholders. Lastly, we are pleased to announce that in June Henry Schein moved up the number 268 in the ranking the Fortune 500, celebrating our 13th year as one of the America's largest corporations. This is testament to more than 19,000 team Schein members throughout the world who are dedicated to helping our customers build better practices so that can provide better quality care. We, of course, have been on the list of the Fortune's Most Admired Companies for the entire period. So, with that commentary and an overview of our quarterly results from both the financial and operating performance point of view, we thank you for your attention and we're of close ready to answer any questions that shareholders may have.
Carolynne Borders - Vice President-Investor Relations: Sylvia, can you open the Q&A, please?
Operator: Your first question comes from Jeff Johnson from Robert Baird.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Good morning, guys. Can you hear me okay?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Yes, very well.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Steve, I guess or Stanley, I guess it's a question for either of you. But I'm having a little trouble reconciling I guess a couple of things. And one is that, you're having some very solid performance in the Vet and the Medical side, probably better than we expected or better than you expected, but better than we expected. Dental's soft, but if I back out that little bit of precious metals, consumables still growing north of 2%. So, no big disaster there. But, Steve, when I look at your guidance, you're taking it down a nickel at the top, another nickel if I adjust for the tax rate, updates you provided today, it just seems like it's a pretty sizable take down in guidance of $0.05 to $0.10, I'm sorry, at the top-line, when there's strength elsewhere in the business. And I just can't understand, maybe, how sizable that change was on the Dental side in the last month or two in what you've been seeing?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Well, there's a couple of things. Remember, we do want to be cautious on the conservative side in our guidance. As we've said, in the U.S. Dental, we saw a slowness of sales that began in June, and while we're not convinced that this is a long-term permanent impact, we do want to make sure that if it continues for a little while that our guidance is sustainable. We do have foreign exchange headwinds. We do expect, although we haven't seen much impact right now in the UK, we do expect that the UK market will soften, and as you probably know, about 8% of our revenues are in the UK market between Dental and Animal Health. We also because, I know you know this also, but when you look at profitability, our U.S. Dental on a distribution business is our most profitable business, so we have a mix issue on profitability where the most profitable business is growing the slowest; and while Medical and Animal Health are nicely profitable, they're just not as profitable. So, there's a lot of things going on, Jeff, and we just feel that right now, given that we were not expecting this June sales slowdown, is the time to be a little bit cautious in the market. So, hopefully, that helps you a little bit.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): That does. And maybe just one follow up then is, it sounds like July really hasn't bounced back, right, assume it hasn't if you're taking the guidance down the way you are. And then I know you don't give segment specific operating margin details, but just qualitatively within Medical, are those margins holding steady? Is Dental margin itself coming down or is the 9 basis points, 10 basis points of operating margin contraction we saw this quarter, once we adjust for all the moving parts you talked about, is that 10 basis point contraction, just mix driven more than anything? Thank you.
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Okay. Yeah, it is primarily mix driven. We did not see a significant rebound in U.S. Dental sales in July, consumable sales. It's really right now continuing at similar rates to Q2. On the other hand, equipment, we did see an increase in equipment demand, our backlog is very strong and increasing on equipment. We do expect an uptick, a modest uptick, in consumable sales in the U.S., but again, we're trying to be cautious. And I'd like to point out, when you look at our margin, look at the components of our margin, for the quarter, excluding restructuring costs, our operating expenses are down 35 basis points versus the prior year. And if you exclude the acquisitions in the last 12 months, operating expenses are actually down 55 basis points. So, our restructuring activities are making us more efficient, but on the gross margin level, Dental consumable sales for distribution are our highest gross margin business. So, again, we're trying to be cautious in the market, and a little bit conservative. And so we need more data points in the future in order to be able to talk about what we're seeing for a longer term in the market.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Steven. Just, let me just add a little bit more flavor. First of all, there is no IMS data, as we've said, over the past in dentistry, but it's our view that essentially from a unit's point of view, the market is flat. It's not going down, it's not going up, talking about the U.S. consumable market. And we think that the market is growing at about 2%, which is essentially price increases. We've now – there is an independent market data product out there, it's not accurate, but it does show a modest sequential downturn, and it is more or less accurate directionally. But two months is not a statistically valid view of that market from our point of view. We've also spoken to several key manufacturers who support this view that the consumable business in the U.S. is essentially flat, with a couple of hundred basis points of inflation. So, we're talking about 100 basis points, 80 basis points margin of error; it's very, very small. And in that context, we believe we are still gaining market share and have gained market share consistently for a while. We hear this from most of the major if not all the major manufacturers. So, we wanted to take a cautious view. I'd be quick to say that our demand for equipment is good. One of our key manufacturers was delayed a little bit in the second quarter with providing equipment, a new system which we had taken a lot of orders for. We believe that that equipment will be delivered in time for the third quarter. So we're looking at a much better second quarter, but within these hundreds of basis points this way, that way we want to be on the cautious side. I also mentioned earlier on, that we're doing quite well with CAD/CAM sales, particularly with scanners. So we have to be careful not to be too negative, but also want to be cautious here. And, yes, our Medical, our Animal Health, our Oral Surgery, our Dental specialty businesses in general remain solid. In fact, our Corporate Accounts business, our Special Markets business in dentistry is actually doing quite well and so is the mid-market. The area where we just can't put our finger on right now is what's happening to the smaller Main Street dentists in the U.S. And again, overall, we do see that we're gaining market share in this country and abroad and in all of our businesses. We don't see any area on the strategic side that we want to moderate or change; perhaps we want to advance the Solutions business, leading with software a little bit faster. But overall, I think, Steven is right to be on the cautious side, and we want to reduce the top end a bit of our guidance. So, it's really cautionary, indicative of these numerous areas that may be slightly questionable, including the economy, in this country and in Europe. We're actually quite comfortable that we will deliver good results in the end in Europe, but the economy in Europe is out of our control. So that's why we'd like to be a little bit more cautious and also control our expenses a little bit more carefully.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Kreger from William Blair.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks very much. Stan, maybe just a follow-up on that same theme. How did some of your specialty products do across dentistry versus more of your typical preventive and restorative? So, for example, how does your implants do in the U.S. and Europe?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, our implant business in general, John is doing okay. And again, we want to be careful about not creating expectations that we're going to report monthly sales on an ongoing basis. But because of this particular situation, I must say, it caught us a little bit by surprise heading into our Dental National Sales Meeting in June. It is possible that a little bit of a downtick occurred because our entire sales force was out of the field for a while. But to answer that question directly, April and May were pretty good in the implant business. June was a challenge, but it would appear that July bounced back. But again, John, we're talking within a hundreds of basis points both sides, not even hundreds, 100 or so basis points both sides. So I'm not sure if this is conclusive on the downside or conclusive on the upside. I will say the U.S. implant market is quite strong; we're comfortable with the European markets for implants. But on the margin, our implant business has been driven by few countries, not Henry Schein on the ground, but through distribution agents in countries like Russia and Turkey and even Japan. And these are markets that have been very helpful, again driving within 100 basis points here or there growth. But we're a little cautious about these markets. Having said that, let me quickly remind that we are quite comfortable with our two big markets for BioHorizons, the U.S., Canada, and for CAMLOG Germany and the Duc (44:49) region.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. And then one quick follow-up, the trends that you've been talking about over the last few minutes in June in particular, did you see that kind of consistently across your various SKU within consumables? Or were they kind of isolated to certain ones that might suggest this is a volume issue or more of a kind of spending-per-visit issue? Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's a good question. You can imagine, to quote one of our finance people, we've been torturing numbers, and really we cannot come up with anything 100% conclusive. What we've told you is what we believe. And I think we don't want to create the precedent of having to go into this detail every quarter. But because of this unusual situation that occurred in June, we felt we should provide a little more information. But there are clusters leading one way, but there are clusters going the other way. And it's really very hard to come up with anything conclusive other than to say that this particular survey, this independent market survey, does show modest sequential downturn, but it's only good from a directional point of view and manufacturers have given us this view. But I have to tell you, there are manufacturers that have shown us that business has been good. And for those – and I would say more or less across the board, Henry Schein has been gaining – continuously gained market share. And again I'm talking about consumables, because I think the equipment business is quite sound, especially in the digital space, whether it's the digital imaging or digital prosthetics.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Block from Stifel.
Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks. And good morning. I'll try to ask two. The first one just the delta in growth between North America Animal Health and Dental is significant. You got Animal Health growing about 11% adjusted, Dental consumables 2% to 2.5%. So, Stanley, can you talk to the consumer and why you think we're seeing this divergence in these two industries and is this sustainable? In other words, can you have this, call it, 900 basis point delta in growth between what are essentially two consumer-driven industries? And then I've got a follow-up. Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Jon, that is probably the number-one vexing question we have. The animal health market is doing well, yet we are doing better than the market both here and in Europe. But it is doing well, it's alive and well. We saw similar things, and I don't want to draw any more analogy to what I'm about to say than just the narrow point I'm going to make, don't read any trends into this. But in 2008, 2009 and 2010, Animal Health, in most of those quarters did better than Dental. But I don't want to come to any conclusions because there are a lot of other factors in Dental, insurance. We have to also remember I think we may have gotten a false positive in the first quarter. We saw growth was significant on consumables and that may have been due to weather. I think the dental market in the United States has been more or less flat for a while and driven a little bit by inflation and also perhaps visits to implant dentists a little bit more. But, again, we're in a few hundred basis points here in Dental and it's hard to gauge what is happening specifically within that range. Having said that, the animal health market is a healthy market around the world, driven by the middle class and, as we've said before many times, the baby boomers. They're buying more pets. Again, I'm not really speaking on behalf of the agri side of it, the production side, which has its own dynamics related to the milk price, the meat price. But Henry Schein is not a big player in that space, with the exception of a few markets like Ireland or New Zealand, where we are in the dairy field, and in couple of markets, Australia and parts of Europe, where we have some production. But from the pet point of view, it's growing. The demand for pets is growing and people are spending more money. We've seen that with our customers, both the customer that is public and the customers that are not public. It's a hot space, it's a good space. And I would say the medical space in good, too, but it's not driven by consumer issues on the medical side. It's driven by a realignment in the way in which healthcare is provided. Obviously, we've shown very good results on the Medical side for the past six quarters, but obviously it's not sustainable at that high level, although we remain very optimistic in our ability to gain market share. And the foot traffic in to the medical office is not really as important as us gaining bigger accounts.
Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Perfect. That was very helpful. And, Steven, one for you. Your third quarter commentary around mid-single digit earnings growth implies around $1.90 or low to mid-teen EPS growth for 4Q. So can you just talk to your level of confidence on that reacceleration? Does that assume any snapback from a top-line perspective, or is it just the easy year-ago comp in 4Q and some of the restructuring initiatives taking hold? Thanks, guys.
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Yeah. Jon. So for Q3, the first important thing is Q3 was a difficult comp on an EPS level and an easier comp in Q4. And specifically, Q3 of last year had 15.7% EPS growth. So it is a more difficult comp. So that's one thing. Some of things that we talked about, cautious view of dental market in the U.S., Brexit, foreign exchange, but there's also timing of expenses between Q3 and Q4. There's also further restructuring activities, which will only have a modest impact in Q3 and have a greater impact in Q4. And lastly, a potential for flu vaccine sales timing that could be a little bit negative for us. But the biggest reason, I gave you a laundry list, but the biggest reason is that 15.7% EPS growth last year's third quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks for the questions. And just hate to go back to this, but on the North American dental market, I wanted to hone in a little bit on the merchandise side. Obviously, must have really fallen off in June based on your commentary. I'm curious, is there anything you could elaborate on or share with us relative to the competitive environment? Did you see any changes in behavior from your traditional competitors in the way that they're approaching their go-to-market strategy? Did you see any increased pressure from alternative distribution channels, like online pure play competitors? Just anything that might help us get our heads around what seemingly was a pretty consistent growth until May and then obviously, based on the numbers you've shared, seems like a fairly dramatic pullback in June, would be helpful.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So, Bob, let me stress that this is not the first time we've seen this. Even in the last three years, four years, five years, we do periodically have a month or two months with a challenge. What happened here is that we had an extremely good April and May, and we didn't expect it to fall off this much. So that's number one. Number two is, I don't think there's any major that changed dynamics on the competitive side. It is a competitive market to be sure. There's no shortage of competitors. Everybody is fighting for that last dollar. So it is a competitive market. Having said that, we do own some brands in the discount area and they did not see any real change in dynamics. Their trending is more or less the same as ours. We have those interests in those businesses just so we can keep an eye on what's going on on that side. By the way, we do this not only in the U.S., but throughout the world. And we don't see any major change in the competitive pressures. In fact, on the contrary. We see equipment doing quite well and practitioners investing specifically on the digital side. So what we said is what we know and we don't normally go this deep into it, but given this change, we felt we should be more explicit. And I can't nor can Jim Breslawski the President of Henry Schein, the CEO of our Dental business, nor could he point to anything specific on the competitive side.
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Yeah. And just to add to that, based on the data that we have, we don't see any share shifts of any magnitude that we can reasonably comment on. So, we don't think that our share really changed dramatically during this period. We think the biggest issue is we just had a soft Q in market.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: On the share gain, directionally, I think we continue to gain share. And this seems to be an issue with the very small practices and, yes the very large ones seem to be growing a little bit and the mid-market ones are growing quite substantially. But the little ones are struggling a bit, at least from a June point of view. I would not take that and extrapolate and say, the smaller practices are having problems, but it seems that in this particular two months' cycle there was a challenge there.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Got it. And then just one quick follow-up. You guys mentioned that you're spending the restructuring program beyond this year. Can you remind us how much of the current program has reduced the cost base so far? And then how will the extended program compare to the details you shared around the initial program?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Okay. Again, on the previous call, I highlighted some of that. For the current quarter, excluding restructuring portion of the core operating expenses and excluding acquisitions that were done within 12 months, because they just changed the base, we took down operating expenses as a percentage of sales by 55 basis points. So we're looking to do more. Right now, we're still determining exactly what additional restructuring activities should be executed on, and that's why we can't give an estimate for how much the additional restructurings are, because we haven't finalized that. But we do expect to take operating expenses down even further, again to reflect this more cautious view. And there's opportunities there for us. But it's really difficult to pinpoint that at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Larsen from Leerink.
David M. Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC: Hi, can you talk a bit about the Medical division. It looks like the growth rate was very in the quarter, but it seems like it did decelerated a little bit sequentially. How's the relationship with Cardinal and how are trends in that space? Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So, David, I think we've mentioned in the last couple of calls that the sales in Medical to some extent is to a large extent dependent upon bringing on these larger accounts, and they come onboard in a lumpy way. So we brought a lot of these accounts onboard in the last two years. It's obviously not sustainable at these phenomenal rates, because the market is not growing by these rates. The market probably, and there's no specific data, is growing by a couple of hundred basis points and definitely not because of inflation, because pricing is moving from branded to generics on the pharmaceutical side and on the MedSurg side. So, we've had very healthy growth in this area, organic. We are growing on top of that. So I would repeat what we said in previous calls, that we are gaining market share. I think we're gaining very nicely on the market share side organically. Of course, the Cardinal acquisition did help, but organically, I think that's where the impetus is coming from. So I'm not sure, as I said in my – I think in the prepared remarks, that these double-digit growth numbers are sustainable in Medical, but we will grow at a multiple of the markets. And we will increase our profits in this area as we drive more profitable mix in products in this area. We're very happy with our Medical business. Now on the Cardinal side, the integration of the Cardinal Health physician office business is substantially complete, and we have received positive feedback from the acquired customer base. There's a lot of change going on in healthcare and we are in the process of modifying our purchase commitment to Cardinal to reflect the rapidly changing environment that makes more business sense from both of our points of view. We're creating greater flexibility in our relationship with Cardinal, specifically around the integrated delivery networks. They are better at servicing aspects of the IDN and we are better at servicing other aspects of the IDN. So we are modifying the marketing arrangement with Cardinal. And there are certain products that doesn't make sense for us to buy from Cardinal as they have very good procurement pricing as it relates to hospitals. But the demand for choice in the physician market is much greater than in the hospital where formularies can be mandated and not so much mandated in the physician space, and even in large group practices. So, we're modifying this thinking right now with Cardinal, but I would say, our internal growth is pretty good in this physician space, arguably the best of all the players, the bigger players. And we're very optimistic about this business and actually optimistic about the strategic direction we can take this business in over the next five years.
David M. Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one final question. And your final question comes from Ross Muken from Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore Group LLC: Hi. This is Elizabeth Anderson in for Ross. I was wondering if you could give us any updated thoughts on, in terms of the M&A pipeline and in terms of valuation or technologies that you guys are looking at?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I would say that on the M&A side, we very rarely participate in books that are put out. We have bought some companies where a book has been put out, for example, BioHorizons. But generally, our deals are known well in advance before they're close. It's usually a family company, a private equity firm that understands we're the best buyer. And so really, yeah, I think prices are higher in that segment than they were before, because interest rates are lower. But we don't participate really in the bubble pricing where you are seeing crazy multiples on some deals because private equity has a lot of money on the sideline and because interest rates are low. Our deals are deals that are carved out for specific strategic reasons, a family wants us to buy 80%, somebody wants to stay a partner once the merger does bring their product to our channels. And I would say, we have no shortage of deals; our pipeline is pretty good. And I think we're still on line with putting to work, I think, what is it, $200 million, $220 million, $250 million...?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Yeah.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sometimes as much as $300 million, but I doubt, less than $200 million a year. These kinds of deals in the end are expensive in the first year from a P&L point of view, because you've got all the deal cuffs (62:18), sometimes you have software amortization that has to be picked up in first year or inventory adjustments, but in the second year or so that become very profitable.
Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Great. And I guess as a follow-up, my other question is, have you seen any changes in the large practice dental market in terms of increased competitiveness there, anything like that? I know that some of your competitors have been saying that they're looking more closely at that end of the market. Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. There's always increased competition. There's no shortage of suppliers that would like to take these accounts. And we believe that we have very good value-added services. Of course, we will lose an account from time-to-time. But I think in the end, we've shown that we can gain more accounts than lose them, especially those that are centrally managed, that are formulary driven. I think our knowledge from the Medical space, which was introduced into the Animal Health space and into Dental, stands us in good stead. But, yes, there's obviously increased competition. To my knowledge, there's been increased competition over the past decade almost. And I think we're doing okay and we are building more and more value-added services, that's the nature of the free market.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So thank you, everyone, for calling in. We're, of course, very bullish about the future of Henry Schein; nothing has changed there. We have a good strategic plan. We start in January of 2017 working on the strategic plan for 2018, 2019 and 2020. I'm sure that will result in allocation, reallocation of resources, as you would expect. But overall, we're very pleased with the direction, the longer-term results. Sometimes one business is ahead of another; that's the nature of business. Sometimes you have a challenge here and you've a challenge there and you have a plus here and a plus there. We have a great management team, a team in the organization that is highly motivated and ready for even more competition. And so, we remain very, very excited about where we are and the opportunity for the future. If anybody has further questions, please contact Carolynne Borders at 631-390-8105. And thank you for your participation, and look forward to speaking with our investor community again in 90 days. I believe Steven, and I'm not sure about myself, but I know Steven will be at investor conferences over the next 90 days, and certainly are ready to speak about any questions that you may have in the form of clarification of information already disclosed. So thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude Henry Schein's second quarter conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Vice President-Investor Relations Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Director
Analysts: Dave Francis - RBC Capital Markets LLC Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein First Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Diana, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the first quarter of 2016. With me on the call are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including growth rates and market shares, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, May 3, 2016. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call, you limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for the call. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Stan Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are so pleased with our first quarter financial results. And we believe we have gained market share in each of our business groups. The global markets we serve remained generally healthy during the quarter. And although we faced continued headwinds from currency exchange in our International business, the impact was far less than in 2015. Looking at the bottom line, double-digit growth in adjusted diluted EPS represents a solid start to the year. We also are pleased to affirm guidance for 2016 adjusted diluted earnings per share, which represents growth of 10% to 12% compared to the adjusted 2015 results. We have made good progress across the board in all of our businesses in advancing our strategic plan. The morale in the company is great. The management team, I think, is well-positioned and focused. And with our change that we announced at the senior level, we think we are even better prepared to implement our strategic vision and are very, very excited about the future of the company. In a moment, I'll provide some additional commentary on our recent performance and business accomplishments and, for the moment, I ask Steve to review our financial results. And I'll be back in a few minutes. Thanks. Steven?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Director: Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning. I am also pleased to report solid results for the first quarter of 2016. As we begin, I'd like to point out that our 2016 first quarter results include restructuring costs of $4.1 million pre-tax, or $0.04 per diluted share. Also, our Q1 2015 results include restructuring costs of $6.9 million pre-tax or $0.06 per diluted share. We expect to continue to record restructuring costs through the second quarter of 2016. I will be discussing our results as reported and also on a non-GAAP basis, which is excluding those restructuring costs in both periods, as we believe the latter is useful for comparative purposes. Exhibit B to this morning's news release reconciles our GAAP and non-GAAP income and EPS from continuing operations. Turning to our results, net sales for the quarter ended March 26, 2016, were $2.7 billion, reflecting a 10.1% increase compared with the first quarter of 2015. This consisted about 12.0% growth in local currencies and a 1.9% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, internally generated sales increased 9.3%, and acquisition growth contributed an additional 2.7%. I think it's important to note that when you normalize our sales for switches between agency sales and direct sales, our internal sales growth in local currencies for Q1 were 6.1%. Again, you can note the details of sales growth that are contained in Exhibit A of our earnings news release that was issued this morning. Operating margin as reported for the first quarter of 2016 was 6.5% and contracted by six basis points compared with the first quarter of 2015. However, when excluding restructuring costs, acquisitions completed during the past 12 months, and also excluding the impact of switching between agency and direct sales, our adjusted operating margin expanded by 23 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2015. Our reported effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.5%. And on a non-GAAP basis, excluding the structuring costs, it was slightly less at 30.4%. This compares with 30.8% in the first quarter of 2015 when also excluding restructuring costs. We expect our effective tax rate on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis to be in the 30% range for the remainder of the year. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding restructuring costs in both periods, net income attributable to Henry Schein was $116.8 million, or $1.41 per diluted share. That represents increases of 7.7% and 10.2%, respectively, compared with the first quarter [of 2015]. As a reminder, about 35% of our worldwide sales are based on currencies other than the U.S. dollar, and we do not hedge against that translation exposure. And although foreign exchange impact was less than the prior year, it was still approximately $0.02 dilutive to our EPS in the current quarter. I'll now provide some detail on our sales results for the quarter. Dental sales for the first quarter of 2016 increased 4.1% to $1.3 billion. This consisted of 6.1% growth in local currencies and a 2.0% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, internally generated sales increased 4.9% and acquisition growth contributed an additional 1.2%. The North American internal growth in local currencies was 6.4% and included 4.6% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise and 13.5% growth in dental equipment sales and service revenues. Our consumable merchandise sales growth was highlighted by market share gains and higher sales to large group practices, dental service organizations, and community health centers. Our growth in equipment sales and service revenue reflected particular strength in high-tech equipment. The international internal growth in local currencies was 2.3%. That included 1.6% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise and a 4.3% growth in dental equipment sales and service revenues. Our consumable merchandise sales internationally was led by France, Australia, and Spain. And growth in equipment sales and service revenue was led by Germany, France and Australia. Our Animal Health sales were $771.4 million in the first quarter, an increase of 12.7%. This included growth of 15.6% in local currencies and a 2.9% decline related to foreign currencies. Internal sales in local currencies grew by 9.8%, while acquisitions contributed 5.8% to growth. The North American growth in internal sales in local currencies was 16.7%. However, it's important to note that that reflects a 7.4% growth when we normalize results to again account for the impact of certain products switching between agency sales and direct sales. We believe this normalized growth rate is a more meaningful reflection of the ongoing performance of our North American Health business and also reflects the strength of the broader Animal Health market. Our international Animal Health internal growth in local currencies was 3.1%. Turning to Medical, our Medical sales were $538.1 million in the first quarter, an increase of 21.3%. This consisted of 21.5% growth in local currencies and a small 0.2% decline related to foreign currency exchange. The 21.5% growth in local currencies breaks out between 22.3% growth in North America and 2% growth internationally. Both of those numbers are internally generated. When normalizing for the impact of agency sales under our strategic agreement with Cardinal Health, the North American Medical internal sales growth was 11.2%, reflecting the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit sales gains. We believe we have been outperforming the medical market by a significant margin for the past five quarters, as we have effectively capitalized on the growing market trend towards large group practices. Technology and Value-Added Services sales were $101.7 million in the quarter, an increase of 18.6%. This included 19.9% growth in local currencies and a 1.3% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, the internally generated sales growth was 7.5% and acquisition growth was 12.4%. The 7.5% internal growth in local currencies consisted of 8.0% growth in North America and 5.1% growth internationally. I think it's important to also note that through product upgrades, enhancements and strategic acquisitions, the advanced technology products and services we offer provide a platform for real improvement and efficiency in delivering of healthcare services. There are also new sales opportunities and practice success across all of our business groups. I'll talk about stock repurchase. During the quarter, we continued to repurchase our common stock in the open market. Specifically, we repurchased approximately 664,000 shares during the quarter at an average price of $150.51 per share. And that's approximately $100 million of cash flow. The impact on this repurchase in the first quarter to our EPS was less than $0.01 of accretion. At the close of the quarter, we still had approximately $300 million authorized for future repurchases of our common stock. And we continue to believe our capital allocation strategy, which deploys a large portion of annual free cash flow to share repurchases and M&A activities, will continue to drive increased shareholder value. I'll take a brief look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow. Operating cash flow for the quarter was negative $101.5 million. That compares to negative $26.7 million in Q1 last year, but I think most people realize that first quarter cash flow for us is typically negative due to seasonality in working capital during the quarter. We continue to believe that on a full-year basis, we will have strong operating cash flow for the year. Our accounts receivable days outstanding was 42.1 days, which compares to 41.2 days last year. Inventory turns was 5.1 turns this quarter and compares to 5.3 turns last year. I'll conclude my remarks by affirming our 2016 financial guidance as follows. For 2016, we expect adjusted diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein to be in the range of $6.55 to $6.65. And that represents growth of 10% to 12% compared with the 2015 adjusted diluted EPS last year of $5.96. Our guidance for 2016 adjusted diluted EPS is for current continuing operations as well as any completed or previously-announced acquisitions, but does not include any impact for potential future acquisitions. It also does not include the impact of restructuring costs, which are expected to be in the range of $0.10 to $0.13 per diluted share. Also, our guidance assumes that foreign exchange rates will continue to be generally consistent with current levels. Last, I'd like to remind you that we report our results on a 52-53-week basis ending on the last Saturday of December. So for fiscal 2006 (sic) [2016] (14:45), we will have 53 weeks. The extra week for us is in Q4 2016, but since that 53rd week is a holiday week at the end of the year and sales are usually lower than a typical week, the extra week does not materially add to our earnings, since fixed expenses remain relatively constant with that slow sales week. So with that financial review, I'll turn it back to Stanley.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you, Steven. Let me begin my review of our first business groups with Dental. We are quite pleased to report global Dental internal sales growth in local currency of nearly 5%, with particular strength in equipment, which speaks to the overall health of the broader dental market. From a strategic perspective, establishing Henry Schein in Japan has been a long-standing corporate goal. Japan, after all, is the world's second largest dental market. And through two important investment positions, we are now well on our way in that important market. You may, of course, recall that we established a presence in Japan in October 2014, with an investment at Iwase Dental Supply. Late in the first quarter, we expanded our Japanese presence by partnering with J. Morita. We have known J. Morita for many years. They are one of the world's largest manufacturers and distributors of dental equipment and supplies, and we hold the company in high regard. More specifically, we acquired a 50% interest in their One Piece subsidiary. One Piece is composed of eight dental dealers located across Japan. They serve approximately 6,000 dental clinics, and they had sales in fiscal 2015 of approximately $125 million. We look forward to other Japanese dealers joining our partnership in the near future. Japan has about 90,000 dentists and about 64,000 dental clinics. And with the addition of One Piece, we now serve approximately 20% of the market. Also during the quarter, we signed an agreement to acquire a majority interest in Dental Cremer, a Brazilian distributor of dental supplies and equipment. Brazil holds good potential for our dental group as well, and this investment builds upon our existing business there, which we established in 2014, as well. I discussed Dental Cremer during our last quarter call, and we look forward to closing this transaction later this year. Regarding our digital dentistry efforts, we are seeing strong growth in sales of our Digital Impression Solutions with our 3M, 3Shape and PlanScan scanner offerings. Henry Schein offers multiple brands of digital impression scanning solutions here in North America and, given our desire to promote an open architecture and provide dentists with innovative, robust and efficient choices for restorative dentistry, believe we have an excellent offering. Of course in Europe, we do sell and we believe are the most significant distributor of the CEREC Sirona solution for CAD/CAM. In addition, we continue to be well-positioned in the lab market on a global basis, providing solutions for digital restorations that are outsourced for the lab facilities. Last week, Align Technology and 3Shape announced that several of 3Shape's digital scanners will be compatible for use with Invisalign case submissions later this year. The two companies also announced an agreement to enhance digital workflow between iTero scanners and laboratory partners using 3Shape dental software. Like Henry Schein, this announcement makes clear that Align supports an open systems approach to digital impressions. And we are pleased to be advancing along the same lines. Several months ago, we attended the Chicago Dental Society Midwinter Meeting which is an important trade show for our company. Among our many activities at this year's event, we introduced BruxZir NOW milling block system. This system is compatible with the Glidewell TS150 mill, which will now enable practitioners to offer patients' high-strength, authentic Zirconia restorations in one visit. This system furthers our commitment to our expanding CAD/CAM product category here in North America and, of course, throughout the world, and to the future of digital dentistry on a global basis. We're very excited with the progress we are making on all fronts in our dental business, in the core consumable business, the equipment business, the implant business, the other specialty areas and, of course, in our CAD/CAM solutions in the dental office chairside and, of course, through our digital highway into the lab and our presence within the laboratory space, both in North America and abroad, in Australia or New Zealand, Europe, et cetera, and I might add even now in Asia. Let me now touch briefly on our Animal Health business. As Steven mentioned, when normalizing Animal Health results, our internal sales growth in local currency here in North America was 7.4%. We are making good progress with our diagnostic product portfolio. These products are typically sold under multi-year lease. And as those agreements come to an end, we're looking forward to adding even more diagnostic customers to our base. Many of our customers have multi-year agreements in place. And our team is very confident that our offering will be appropriate for the animal health marketplace here in North America and in Europe and Australia, New Zealand. The diagnostic offering we have will be well-positioned to assume many of those leases as they mature. We are also targeting large practices that may be seeking to purchase additional diagnostic instruments to handle their higher volume patient testing needs, whether it is machinery or the quick test disposable. Earlier in the quarter, at the North American Veterinary Conference in Orlando, we announced that Axis-Q command center software was available in the U.S. for Abaxis and Heska systems. This software links our practice management software with diagnostic instruments. We have received quite a positive response, excellent feedback from veterinarians who value the efficient and integrated workflow and revenue-capture features offered by Axis-Q. Our international Animal Health growth in local currencies during the first quarter was more than 13%, which reflects the positive contribution of a number of strategic acquisitions we have completed last year, many in Europe. Again, we are very, very pleased with the progress we're making across the board, across the globe with our Animal Health team. Also, just like our Dental team, great leadership focused on executing our strategic plan and doing a great job on the ground in each of the countries we're in, but also advancing our strategic product offering that we are driving through our local distribution entities throughout the world. Very, very pleased with the management and the progress that our Animal Health team are executing on. Now, on the Medical side, the reported growth in our Medical group is impacted by agency sales in the prior year under our strategic agreement with Cardinal Health, yet when normalizing for this, the core internal growth for the North American Medical business was a robust 11.2%, as, of course, Steven mentioned earlier on. We remain highly optimistic about our ability to win new customers in the medical space. We have completed the material components of the Cardinal integration. And have experienced positive feedback from the customers that came along with this merger of the two physician businesses and the ASC businesses. We continue to partner with Cardinal on combined proposals to large IDNs and have had a number of wins. Finally, the Cardinal sales organization that came along with this merger on the physician side has been fully integrated, and we continue to see expansion in our market share within the non-acute space. Let me conclude a review of our businesses with an overview of the Technology and Value-Added Services part of the business. We are generally pleased with the first quarter performance of this business group, which includes the highest quarterly growth rate in North America in nearly two years, with particular strength in software and financial services. Early in the quarter, we completed the acquisition of a majority interest in Vetstreet. And a month later, we acquired RxWorks. Both transactions strengthen our position of leadership and add value to our customer base worldwide. This is not just a U.S. strategy on the animal health side, but a global strategy. And we believe we have, by far, the largest install base of animal health practice management systems, both in this country and on a global basis, being in a position to provide huge support to our customer base and also our manufacturing partners, who are seeking the information that we can provide as a result of this install base, in other words, the data and the alignment with our sales organizations as we execute on aligned interests with our manufacturing partners. As I discussed during the last quarter, Vetstreet is a leading domestic provider of marketing solutions and health information analytics. We are particularly excited about the potential to pair our practice management software solutions with the Vetstreet data analytics capability really, really exciting. There's no one else in our industry, we believe, that has this capability to support not only information that will help the practitioners improve the operations and profitability and care they provide in their practices, as well as support the needs of our manufacturers, specifically on the pharmaceutical side, who are seeking to get their products to market. RxWorks is a practice management software company serving veterinarians in Australia, New Zealand, the UK, and the Netherlands. RxWorks brings an installed base of more than 1,500 clinics, strengthens our growing practice management software business and complements our expanding animal health technology platform. A moment ago, I mentioned the Chicago Midwinter Conference. And another one of our launches there was DEXIS for Dentrix Ascend. This cloud-based imaging solution was built exclusively for Dentrix Ascend and helps to quickly capture and store images. Doing so eliminates the need for additional digital imaging software and automates daily procedures, such as insurance billing. This software is initially available to users in North America and exemplifies our commitment to provide digital solutions that improve workflow and allow for better clinical care. So much of the Henry Schein's future is directly tied to our digital solutions. That'll help, of course, not only in the dental space, where we have imaging and prosthetic solutions that we are offering, and we'll expand that offering in the near future and over the years to come in an exciting way. But the same kind of dynamics, intraoperability, exists as a huge opportunity in our animal health space and in our medical space. So let me comment on some recent announcements of two new corporate positions that we have established at Henry Schein, aimed at advancing our commercial capabilities and, of course, driving growth opportunities. Dave McKinley, the President of our Henry Schein Medical Group, has been promoted to the newly-created position of Chief Commercial Officer for Henry Schein corporate. Specifically, Dave will be responsible for the following four areas, global corporate marketing, working across the business to leverage Henry Schein's brand. We have a great brand in four of our different business areas. And we'd like to capitalize on that to advance the overall brand of Henry Schein as a company focused on solutions to the office space practitioner in the dental, medical and animal health space. There are huge opportunities, we believe, to advance global product category management for the company as a whole across the platform. And then, there are the technology initiatives, including customer solutions, e-commerce and business intelligence, that we have in many, many parts of our business that we feel we can optimize and drive these technologies on a common platform throughout the Henry Schein organization. And then Dave will take responsibility for certain specialty businesses. Over the last decade-plus Dave has been with Henry Schein, he has made a significant contribution to the company's success, starting with his initial responsibilities for leading our prosthetic business over a decade ago, including developing the initial business plan for E4D CAD/CAM products and CAMLOG. Both of these products in the end, or actually today, are doing quite well for Henry Schein, and Dave led the initial development of the business plan and the early execution of those business plans. He also laid the foundation for what is currently our highly-effective Dental Practice Solutions management team on the dental side in Utah. So Dave has been at the forefront of driving change, effective change, at Henry Schein and making a real difference in our strategic platform. So, we thank Dave for the terrific work he's done to-date in the prosthetics field, in the practice solutions field and, of course, most recently, in the last seven years or so, in developing initially with Mike Racioppi, and then with the rest of the senior management team, our medical strategies, in particular, our Healthcare Services Group, which is the group that services the large practices and then effectively executing on those plans, showing the tremendous results that we've experienced in the medical group over the last years. Karen Prange, Senior Vice President at Boston Scientific Corporation, will join Henry Schein as the Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of our Global Animal Health, Medical and Dental Surgical Group. This is a new group we've established within Henry Schein. Karen will also be a member of our executive management team, by the way, as Dave will continue. The senior management team who will support Karen's group are, in the animal health area, Peter McCarthy, who will continue to serve as the President of our Global Animal Health Group. Peter, who joined Henry Schein about six years ago from a large pharma company, really created what is today a very, very successful international business for Henry Schein in Europe and Australia, New Zealand, and then assumed the overall leadership of our Animal Health Group in the middle of 2015, has been a really major contributor to advancing our global animal health platform, results, strategy to develop those results that resulted in these terrific results. Peter and his team are doing excellent work in our growing Animal Health business, which is showing, of course, excellent results. And Peter and the team are pursuing many of the new and exciting opportunities both to expand our global presence and our unique product offering in the animal health space. Brad Connett, also a Henry Schein veteran, 20-plus years, has been promoted to President of the Commercial Group in the United States Medical business. And Jeff Waldman, Chief Administrative and Operations Officer for our U.S. Medical Group, will take an additional functional responsibility for sales, operations, and finance. Brad has done a remarkable job in leading our sales and positioning in the medical markets, a highly regarded executive in the medical space. And Jeff, also an executive over a decade, has contributed a very, very nice way in many parts of Henry Schein on the financial and the operational side. Both these promotions are reflective of Brad and Jeff's success in helping to drive growth in the Henry Schein Medical business. René Willi will continue to serve as President of our rapidly-growing Global Dental Surgical Group. René, also a seasoned implant oral surgery executive, along with Steve Boggan, President and CEO of the highly-successful BioHorizons implant business, one of the fastest-growing implant businesses in the world, and Michael Ludwig, General Manager of our CAMLOG German business. And Michael has done a remarkable job in establishing the very important position of CAMLOG in Germany. And their teams have done yeoman's work in leading our implant business and positioning us, as Henry Schein, as one of the world's leading implant companies. So, Karen has deep background in healthcare, extensive experience in managing large matrixed organizations, will be joining us in the middle of May. Throughout Karen's career, she has demonstrated an ability to bring people together, manage change and grow businesses; a 17-year veteran of J&J and, most recently, for the last four years or so, at Boston Scientific. So, we have created these new positions at a time when market, technology, and demographic forces are converging in one of the most unique ways, at least in my 35-plus years with Henry Schein, to create unique business opportunities for the company. We believe Dave and Karen's leadership will help us to capitalize on the significant opportunities before us. We're particularly pleased with the deep bench of management we have in each of the three business units that we just discussed: the animal health area; the medical area; and, of course, the oral surgery area, implant area and related products. I would also like to comment on some upcoming changes that we anticipate with respect to Henry Schein's Board of Directors, that are noted in our current Proxy Statement, and we voted on at our May 31 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. We have proposed the addition of two new directors to take the seats of two long-serving directors who will be retiring from our board. The retiring directors, Norman Matthews and Dr. Louis Sullivan, both have helped guide Henry Schein through a period of unprecedented growth and change. Norman has been a director since 2002, an experienced professional director who has enormous credibility in the marketplace and contributed in a significant way to Henry Schein's growth for almost 14 years. Dr. Sullivan, the former Secretary of Health, similar track record; Dr. Sullivan joined our board in 2003. Both Norman and Dr. Sullivan have been a part of Henry Schein's successful journey over the past decade from a time when the company served only dental and medical customers. I think our sales in the 2002, 2003 timeframe were something like $2.8 billion. At the close of 2015, our net sales were up nearly four-fold to the $10.6 billion. And, of course, we now serve animal health practitioners on a worldwide basis. In fact, Animal Health sales in 2015 were more than our company's entire sales at the time Norman Matthews joined our board. I could go on at length about the contributions and character of both Norman Matthews and Dr. Sullivan. But instead, on behalf of my colleagues at Henry Schein, my fellow directors and, of course, our shareholders, we simply say thank you for your contribution. You have both contributed in a significant way to creating significant shareholder value for the Henry Schein shareholders. We are fortunate to have two new director nominees on the proxy who will bring excellent and complete complementary skills to our board. The first is Joseph Herring. His career in healthcare spans more than 35 years. He served as CEO of Covance for more than a decade, up through the acquisition by LabCorp about a year ago. Earlier in his career, Joseph held various senior leadership positions with Caremark International and American Hospital Supply. Upon his election to the Henry Schein board, Joe will bring to Henry Schein comprehensive knowledge on pharmaceutical, management, sales and, of course, experience in growing fast growth companies. Kurt Kuehn is our second board nominee. Kurt spent his entire career at United Parcel Service and served as the UPS CFO for eight years through his retirement last year. At UPS, Kurt also had leadership roles in sales and marketing, engineering, operations, and strategic cost planning. Clearly, Kurt is an expert in distribution logistics, as well as corporate finance and accounting, and was part of the UPS successful transition from a pure transportation company to a logistics company that has enormous array of value-added services. We look forward to the many talents he will bring to Henry Schein. And so welcome, Joe and Kurt, to the proxy and trust they will be elected overwhelmingly in May. So, with that commentary and an overview of the quarterly financial operating performance, there just isn't the time today to go through all the exciting items that are being dealt with at Henry Schein across the board. The company is making advances on so many fronts, in so many exciting ways. So now, operator, we're ready to take some questions.
Carolynne Borders - Vice President-Investor Relations: Diana?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Dave Francis, RBC Capital Markets.
Dave Francis - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning, Stanley and Steve. Thanks for all of the commentary. Two quick questions, first, on the dental side, Stanley, can you comment on the strength of the equipment sales that you guys have been experiencing? Is there something going on in the market beyond just general strength and confidence of your practitioners in terms of driving the high-tech and other equipment sales, or is there something structurally from a tax or other perspective, that's impacting the demand side of the market there?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Dave. Good question. Generally, I think dentists are feeling good about their practices. I think there is stability in patient visits. And I think dentists are understanding that investing in newer technology provides for better quality dental care, a better experience for the customer, and actually results in a more profitable practice, of course, combined with quality of care. So I would say it's driven, to a large extent, by some of the newer technologies in the imaging side, on the prosthetics side, and we have a very good offering today of products that match the needs of the marketplace. We did add the A-dec line in North America, which is contributing. Having said that, I think our sales, across the board, even with the existing portfolio of traditional equipment, has been good. So, overall, it's good dynamics in the marketplace in terms of the dentists feeling good, the newer technology available, and a little bit the result of us expanding our offering with the A-dec product line, but I wouldn't put that much emphasis on that, that is, A-dec is doing well with us, but it's also a relatively small part of the entire equipment portfolio, but it is doing well.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Director: I would just add one other thing, Dave. Specifically, the CAD/CAM category was very strong for us in North America. And, as we mentioned on the last call or two, for us, CAD/CAM is not just selling complete end-to-end units. We also sell a number of scan-onlys and we're seeing strong growth in the scan-onlys, which, for us, we think is very positive in the initial sale, but also positions the customer to come back to us in the future when they're looking to do chairside milling, and they can then buy the additional components from us at a later date. So, CAD/CAM, the total category of complete systems and scan-onlys, was very strong for us. But it truly was across the board, because traditional equipment as well as high-tech, was both strong.
Dave Francis - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. That's helpful commentary. And as a quick follow-up on the medical side of the business, obviously strength there, but wanted to follow up relative to your relationship with Cardinal Health. Cardinal just signed a large relationship with Kaiser Permanente and was wondering if you guys participated with them on the outpatient side and if you could give some other, more tangible, examples of where you guys are participating on a joint bid basis? Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: On Cardinal in general, our relationship is advancing. As we mentioned, the physician business is integrated, working well and we also have assumed the business in a number of ASCs the Cardinal physician sales force was servicing. So the majority of Cardinal's physician-related alternate care customers have transitioned to our platform. And we are working together on a number of IDN sales opportunities. We've actually generated some very nice sales together. The particular situation or the particular opportunity with Kaiser that Cardinal, the business they have won, is less in our wheelhouse than the business we undertake day-to-day. I believe that is more of a bulk distribution arrangement. And Cardinal is handling that from their distribution system. So, that is not exactly the kind of business we anticipated working on together. But there are many, many IDNs that we are working on together and actually have landed quite a bit of business in that regard.
Dave Francis - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard at Jefferies.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. Good morning. This is Sachin (46:20) for Brandon. Just a question on cash flow, given the 1Q dynamic, will you provide us with an update on your free cash flow expectations for 2016? And what sort of conversion are you factoring into your projections?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Director: Sure. Again, although it was negative cash flow for us for the quarter, if you look at the components, it was really driven by working capital, which is typical for us in that typically, inventory purchases in Q4 are higher for a number of reasons and the payments for those inventory purchases occur in Q1. So, that's what drives it. But on a full-year basis, we're still looking at growing our operating cash flow probably consistent with our bottom-line growth rate, our net income growth year-over-year. So, we still believe we can generate strong cash flow on a full-year basis, with some growth similar to our bottom-line growth. We did also have during the quarter a little bit of duplicative inventory in consolidating some warehouses in Europe, specifically Germany. Over the balance of the year, that inventory level will come down. We did that as a precautionary measure as we're moving and consolidating distribution centers in Germany. We typically have inventory, excess inventory, that we manage through over the next few months. So, again, we still feel that operating cash flow will continue to be strong and grow over the prior year.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken of Evercore ISI.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Hi. Good morning, gentlemen. So, it seems like based on obviously the growth rates in your commentary, share is moving still positively in your direction. I mean, I guess, on a sequential basis or on a trending basis, is there any of the business segments where you're seeing a materially more positive shift than others? And if so, I guess, what is the key driver of that?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Director: Well, I'm not sure that we can say that there are material improvements over the last quarter or two. It's really more gradual improvements. You can see, again, that the U.S. Medical business was our strongest grower. It was the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth. That's a strong number. We would like just for that to continue. I don't think acceleration there is something that we can expect. But we do expect that for the foreseeable future that it can continue to put up high single to low double-digit sales growth. I think we're pleased that across all of our businesses and all of our markets, we think patient traffic has been healthy. U.S. dental patient traffic has been healthy, as well as even in the European markets, although not in every market. But as we said in the prepared comments, even markets like Spain, that over the last year or two had some challenges in market growth, was a strong grower for us. So I think we feel like the overall markets are continuing to cooperate. We do believe that there's the potential for some very modest continued gradual improvement in underlying market conditions, but we're happy with the overall 6%-plus constant currency growth that we achieved as a company.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Thanks, and maybe just on M&A pipeline, I mean, obviously, you guys are regular buyers of tuck-ins. But I guess a lot of volatility in public markets. You typically trade in the private market. Any change in willingness of sort of smaller private owners? Are you seeing more assets come to market in any one segment versus another, or is the funnel pretty consistent?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, Ross, the deals we do and have actually done past 20 years and even before we went public are really not so much dependent nor actually related to specific financial market conditions. What drives our deals is generally the synergies that and the interest of potential sellers and potential partners to work with Henry Schein to advance their business for particular family reasons, management reasons, shareholder reasons, et cetera. And so the pipeline is as full as ever. Of course, there's no guarantee as to when we can close a deal. Deals with us often take many years from the time we start talking to people to the time we close. And there's not much that's related to the financial markets, per se. So we remain quite optimistic that we'll continue with our internal growth and supplement the growth with acquisitions. We have committed that we will use our cash flow in three ways. One is to buy shares. One is to invest in the business, although investing in the business sometimes is not as important from a cash flow point of view because we're a net generator of cash, but we nevertheless do invest in the business some of the cash flow, but it's essentially from the buying of stock and the investment in acquisitions. And we continue to expect that trend to continue, as it has for years now.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Block of Stifel.
Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks and good morning. Hopefully, I can slip in two questions. So the first one is just, Stanley, over the past year and change, you've made some really interesting acquisitions in vet skill, Vetstreet, et cetera. Can you just talk to the positioning of the North American Animal Health business sort of 18 months after IDEXX going direct? In other words, can diagnostics still sort of be accretive to your overall North American vet growth rate with sort of the products and positioning that you currently have on hand? And then, I got a follow-up. Thanks, guys.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So let me start a little broader and then get specific. Our Animal Health strategy encompasses two major focus. One is to advance geographic presence throughout the world; wherever there's a middle class that is interested in pets, we like to be there and selectively in the production side but very, very selectively. And it's not necessarily where the largest markets are, but there are opportunities. So, for example, we do a good job in dairy in Ireland and New Zealand. And then those kinds of opportunities, plus some opportunities in equine. So, we want to get a large geographic footprint. And then we want to focus on a couple of things. First is pharma market share around the world and in that connection, we work with the large pharma companies but also some of the generic companies. Two, is we want to find unique products to put through these channels. And in that connection, there are opportunities in the areas such as instruments, where we acquired a company, Veterinary Instruments, (53:59) several years ago. And we're taking their products around the world and doing quite well with that. The second is in the area of med surg products. We acquired KRUUSE out of Scandinavia. They do business in about 100 countries. And we're advancing their product offering and their market share throughout the world and particularly through the Henry Schein channels. And then the third is equipment. And in that area, we include diagnostics. Equipment include, of course, imaging equipment, surgical equipment and the diagnostics. Under that category is also some disposable diagnostics. And diagnostics, in particular, tie into the third area, which is the area of software and the connectivity between software and devices and big data. We've been investing in all those areas, not only in actual software providers, such VetRx (55:10) and the other companies we acquired over the last four or five years. And today, we have the largest installed base of practice management software in a number of countries, including the U.S., where over half the veterinarians are using our software. So, it's the installation software and data. And in that connection, we invested in Vetstreet last quarter, and we have a number of other opportunities to capitalize on data. So, that's the broad strategy. Now to address diagnostics specifically, diagnostics is not necessarily about the machine, per se. It's about the intraoperability, the connection between the practice management software and diagnostics. We have invested in Axis-Q, which I think, when was it? We launched in January a year ago. Axis-Q is doing quite well in terms of market acceptance, and we expect more connectivity between Axis-Q to the reference lab and, of course, to the diagnostic machinery. Bottom line is if you're asking about how we're doing specifically in North America, which is where you referred to a particular company not wishing to do business with us anymore, we actually had a very good first quarter, not only in the products we represent, the Abaxis and the Heska product, but also with the Skill (56:53) product offering, the company we acquired in Europe that has a line of connectivity products and its own products. So, we're doing quite well in the diagnostics space in North America, and, by the way, in Europe as well. So, it's a broad strategy of geographic penetration and product penetration in terms or pharmaceuticals, the specialized areas that we've acquired a presence in and the technology area.
Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Very helpful, Stanley. And then just a second question on dental, specifically, international dental equipment, maybe if you could comment the near-term pipeline just because you're going up against that really solid number from IDS in June 2015. And lastly, just any plans to validate PlanScan for Invisalign; I mean, you mentioned the interoperability, the other scanners that you're out there selling, 3M and 3Shape, are both validated. Thanks for your time, guys.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So, I think PlanScan will have all the appropriate connectivity. It's just a matter of time. Actually, we believe the PlanScan, the actual scanner, is pretty good, but we are open architecture. And we promote: the 3M product, which is very good, backed by a world-class company; 3Shape, which is high-tech, really on the edge of new technology; and the Planmeca Company, which has great products also in this space. So, we've got three, and we are likely to add more scanning products over time. I think all of these will be connected in one way or another to all of the major applications. Perhaps there'll be one big company that is not so open to open architecture. We don't know. But we are very much pro-open architecture, have always been at Henry Schein. We are delighted to carry any product that any quality manufacturer has, whether it's in consumables, equipment, in high-tech and have always been pro-competition and open to open architecture. That's been the hallmark of Henry Schein since Henry opened the door and sold the first generic drugs in this country many, many years ago, decades ago. So we are comfortable with our offering for the dentists and for the dental laboratory. We think we're making good progress in this country and abroad, and we see a huge opportunity for the digital space and had a very good quarter, both in the full systems globally and in the scanners globally and are very excited with the opportunity in the dentist office and in the laboratory.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Director: Yeah. Let me just add to the second part of your question on equipment backlog. So in North America, our equipment order backlog versus same time last year is up. It's up single digits, so that's good. We feel given the strong growth we had in Q1 of 13% equipment growth, having the order backlog also increase is good, but not surprisingly in international, the order backlog is a little bit down. I think you have to remember that last year was an IDS year. This year is not an IDS year. So we feel good about the equipment backlog internationally, given that it's not an IDS year, but it is a little bit lower than the prior year at the same time.
Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Perfect, very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We have one final question coming from the line of Jeff Johnson.
Unknown Speaker: Morning. This is Jason (1:00:34) actually on for Jeff. Thanks for taking the questions. Just a couple for Steve, first, on the revenue side, some very good growth rates in Animal Health and Medical, even after normalizing for some of the agency buy-sell (1:00:44) shifting we saw this quarter, but hoping you can help us with how we should be thinking about the top line contributions from this shift over the balance of the year. Do you expect a similar benefit as to what we saw here in 1Q? And then the follow-up to that question would be how should we be thinking about the operating margin progression for the rest of the year, in light of these moving parts of the top line, as well as what seems to be maybe a step-up in stock comp here to start 2016?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Director: Sure. So first on the sell side, we should see on the Medical side the normalized sales growth continue at a very healthy rate. And I said earlier, normalized somewhere in the high-single to low double-digit range is what we think is achievable. We should see the impact of the agency sales shift related to the Cardinal transaction decrease in Q2 and virtually go away beyond that. Similarly, on the Animal Health side, we would see the growth that we experienced, which was 7%- and change, we'd like to see that continue. There might be a little opportunity for acceleration there. And the agency shift will probably continue for the next few quarters. With respect to operating margin, the goal is still to get operating margin expansion for the full year. Now, we typically don't see much of it in Q1, for a number of reasons. But again, stripping out some of those unusual items, we did get 23 basis points of margin expansion in Q1. But we expect to get further operating margin expansion for the full year. And I'm trying to remember, Jason, (1:02:20) there was a third part to your question, but not sure I remember it.
Unknown Speaker: Yeah. I mean, you hit on most of that there. Just actually one follow-up, if I could. The North American consumables performance, pretty solid, but it did slow against what we saw last quarter. Last quarter, just may be a bit above normal or maybe we ticked back down here in 1Q. But I know you mentioned this kind of in some of the prepared remarks, the market's still pretty solid, but how would you qualify end market at this point? I mean, are we seeing any softening versus 4Q, or are things still pretty stable and solid? And maybe any color you can provide on April would be helpful as well. Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, Jason, (1:03:01) I think the markets for dental consumables are in the couple of hundred basis point growth. It's not much more than that at this stage, maybe a little bit more than 200 basis points. And it depends, again, on the mix. In some areas, we're growing faster than others. We may be picking up a little bit more market share here and there. But I think it is safe to assume that we're growing around twice the market rate, around that number, and the markets have been pretty stable for quite a while in North America.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thank you so much. It's helpful.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Director: Yeah. Just specifically, patient traffic, as we said earlier, continues to be healthy. And that's more than just a dental comment. That's a dental, a medical, and an animal health comment, both domestically and internationally.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Director: Okay.
Operator: There are no further...
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, I think – sorry, Operator?
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you, Operator. And thank you, everybody, for calling in. We did promise to end at 11:00. We're six minutes late. Sorry. But wanted to handle that last question and sorry to others that wanted to ask and we're just not able to accommodate. But please feel free to call Carolynne Borders, our head of Investor Relations at Henry Schein, 1 – what's the number, 843...
Carolynne Borders - Vice President-Investor Relations: It's actually 631-390-8105.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Or Steve Paladino at 631-843-5915. I can remember the number. So, thank you all for calling. We are quite optimistic about the markets that we're in, about Henry Schein's strategy, long-term strategy. We think we're executing well on our strategic plan. We're right in the middle of the 2015, 2016, 2017 strategic plan. I think we've positioned our management team well. We've made some changes that are really part of a progression in advancing our effectiveness as a team. We're very pleased with the heads of all of our different business units, all executing well. The Dental team, led by Jim Breslawski, is doing a very, very good job as well, and has for decades now; and Jim Harding, our Chief Technology Officer, and the software businesses all operating well. Of course, there's no business that doesn't have challenges. We have challenges, and we're dealing with them. But the opportunities are exciting. Each one of these areas is chock-full of ideas, change, opportunity to take advantage of the change, the demographics, technology, the markets we're in. So we're very, very excited about our future and where we're heading. Thank you for your interest, and we'll be back in 90 days.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Henry Schein first quarter conference call. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-10 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - EVP and CFO Carolynne Borders - VP, IR
Analysts: Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Nathan Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co. John Kreger - William Blair & Co. Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co. Michael Minchak - JPMorgan Michael Cherny - Evercore ISI Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co. Steven Valiquette - UBS
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Henry Schein’s Quarter Four Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the 2015 fourth quarter and full year. With me on the call are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, February 10, 2016. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today’s call, you limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for this call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman: Good morning and thank you, Carolynne, and thank you all for joining us. We are delighted to report that sales growth during the fourth quarter was particularly strong and we believe we gained market share on an overall basis during the quarter, both here in North America and of course internationally. As we successfully continued our long-standing strategy of organic growth complemented by strategic acquisitions, we are especially pleased with our worldwide internal growth in local currencies for the quarter of 6.5%, which we’re very pleased represents the highest quarterly growth rate in eight years. Adjusted diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.67. This caps off a successful 2015 performance with worldwide local internal sales growth of 5% and adjusted EPS growth for the full year of nearly 10%. And that is of course despite the continued negative impact from the strength of the U.S. dollar.  And looking into this year into 2016, today we are pleased to affirm our guidance for adjusted diluted EPS that represents growth of 10% to 12% compared to 2015 adjusted EPS. There is just no question that our almost 19,000 Team Schein members around the world are working together as a team to execute on our 2015, '16 and '17 strategic plan. The morale on the company’s great and that’s the reason why we have these solid results. So thank you to the team, thanks to our Board, thanks to our customers and our suppliers. In a moment I’ll provide some additional commentary on our recent performance and business accomplishments. But first, Steven, will review our financial results for the quarter and for the year.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stan, and good morning to all. I am also very pleased to report solid results for the fourth quarter of 2015. As we begin, I’d like to point out that the 2015 fourth quarter results include restructuring costs of $12.4 million pre-tax or $0.11 per diluted share. We expect to continue to record restructuring costs through the first half of 2016. I will be discussing our results as reported and also on a non-GAAP basis, which would be excluding those restructuring costs, as we believe the latter is useful for comparative purposes. Also, Exhibit B to this morning’s earnings news release reconciles GAAP and non-GAAP income and EPS from continuing operations. So turning to our Q4 results, the net sales for the quarter ended December 26, 2015 were $2.9 billion reflecting a 5.5% increase compared with the fourth quarter of 2014. This consisted of 10.3% growth in local currencies and a 4.8% decline related to foreign currency exchange. As a reminder, about 35% of our worldwide sales are based on currencies other than U.S. dollar and we do not hedge against this translation exposure. In local currencies or constant currencies, our internally generated sales increased 6.5%, which as Stan just mentioned was the highest in eight years and acquisition growth was an additional 3.8%. I’d also like to comment that based on our experience and what we’re seeing in the end markets thus far in 2016, the overall dentals, medical and animal health markets that we serve continue to reflect stable to an improving environment. You could also note the details of our sales growth that are contained in Exhibit E of today’s news release. The operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2015 was 7.0%. That’s a contraction of 47 basis points compared to last year. However, on a non-GAAP basis, excluding the restructuring costs, the adjusted operating margin for the fourth quarter was 7.5%, which is essentially unchanged versus the prior year. I’d also like to point out that on a non-GAAP basis, our operating margin excluding restructuring costs for the full year expanded by 34 basis points, which is ahead of our stated goal. Our reported effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.1% and on a non-GAAP basis, excluding the restructuring costs, was 29.8%. This compares with 29.7% in last year’s fourth quarter. And for 2016 we believe the effective tax rates will continue to be in the same 30% range. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding restructuring costs, net income attributable to Henry Schein was $139.3 million or $1.67 per diluted share. And that represents increases of 4.7% and 7.1%, respectively, compared with the fourth quarter of 2014. It’s important to reiterate that foreign currency exchange continued to have a negative impact on our EPS, was approximately $0.07 for the quarter and $0.26 for the full year. If we look at our results for the full year, there were a number of important highlights to report. We had 8.4% sales growth in local currencies highlighted by 5.0% internal growth in constant currencies. As I just said, we had operating margin expansion on a non-GAAP basis, excluding the restructuring costs, of 34 basis points and that represents our best annual operating margin expansion also since 2008. We had diluted EPS growth on a non-GAAP basis of nearly 10% and we’re very pleased to have delivered on our original guidance, despite the negative headwind of $0.26 per share related to foreign currency. Our operating cash flow was also strong at $586.8 million and exceeded our non-GAAP net income by $85 million. So I guess it’s fair to sum it up and say, we believe 2015 was truly an excellent year. Exhibit B of this morning’s news release again reconciles GAAP and non-GAAP income and diluted EPS from continuing operations. If we look at our sales results for the fourth quarter, the global dental sales in the fourth quarter of 2015 increased 1.5% to $1.4 billion. This 1.5% growth consisted of 7.3% growth in local currencies offset by a 5.8% decline related to foreign currency. In local currencies, internally generated sales increased 6.6% and acquisition growth contributed an additional 0.7%. Of this 6.6% internal growth in local currencies, we had North American growth of 7.6% and international growth of 4.9%. I’ll quickly give you some additional details on each of those two numbers; first in North American internal growth of 7.6% included 6.1% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandize and 11.5% growth in dental equipment sales and service revenue. Our consumable merchandize sales growth was highlighted by market share gains and higher sales to our special market customers in the quarter, while growth in equipment sales and service revenues related to particular strength in traditional equipment for us. If we look at our international growth of 4.9% internal growth in constant currencies, that included 4.0% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandize and 7.0% growth in dental equipment sales and service revenue. The consumable merchandize sales growth was led by strong performance in a number of countries, including France and the UK and the equipment sales and service revenue growth was led by a number of countries also including Germany, Australia, Austria and the UK. Turning to our animal health business, sales were $756.2 million for the fourth quarter, an increase of 3.4%. This included growth of 9.5% in local currencies offset by a 6.1% decline related to foreign currency. The internal sales in local currencies grew 2.3% while acquisitions contributed an additional 7.2% to growth. Of that 2.3% internal growth, the components were 1.2% growth in North America and 3.3% growth on our international business. It’s important to note that the 1.2% growth in North America was actually 8.4% growth when we normalized for results to account for the impact of certain products switching between agency and direct sales, as well as when excluding sales of diagnostic products in both the current and prior year periods due to the changes in the veterinary diagnostic manufacturing relationships. We believe this normalized growth is a more meaningful reflection of the ongoing performance of our North American animal health business. I’d also like to mention this Q4 2015 results will be the last quarter that we’ll be adjusting for sales of diagnostic products since they’ve now annualized. However, we will continue to normalize our sales results to account for any switches between agency sales and direct sales on an ongoing basis if that significant. If we look at our medical sales, they were $561.6 million in the fourth quarter. That’s an increase of 21.6% and consisted of 22.2% growth in local currencies offset by a 0.6% decline related to foreign currency. The internal sales in local currencies grew 13.4% and acquisitions contributed an additional 8.8% to our growth. If we look at North American sales growth, it was really very strong at 23.2% including internal sales growth of 14.0%. Here also when you normalize for the impact of agency sales, the North American medical internal sales growth was 10.2% resulting in the fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth for our North American medical business. We’re continuing to see nice success in both larger group practices and IDNs. If we look at our influenza vaccine sales, they were $20 million for the fourth quarter. That’s down approximately 23% versus the prior year’s quarter but that’s primarily due to timing and on a full year basis, our influenza vaccine sales were relatively consistent versus the prior year. For the past year, we believe we’ve been outperforming the medical market by a significant margin as we have effectively capitalized on the growing market trend towards larger group practices. I’ll also note that the international medical sales, which is the small part of our medical group, saw a slight decline of 0.3% in constant currencies for the quarter. Turning to technology and value-added services sales, they were $93.8 million in the quarter, an increase of 2.8%. This included 4.5% growth in local currencies and a 1.7% decline related to foreign currency. In local currencies, we saw internally generated sales increase 4% and acquisition growth was an additional 0.5%. The components of that 4% internal growth in constant currencies was 4.2% in North America and 2.7% growth internationally.  Through some product upgrades, enhancements, strategic acquisitions and the advanced technology products and services we offer, they provide really for efficient delivery of healthcare services and we believe there are new sales opportunities and practice success across all of our business groups. Looking at some other factors, we continue to repurchase our common stock in the open market in the fourth quarter. Specifically, we bought about 1 million shares during the quarter at an average price of $146.90, which was approximately $149 million. And this impact of the repurchase for the fourth quarter was less than $0.01 on our EPS. For the full year 2015, we repurchased $300 million of our stock representing 2.1 million shares at an average price of $143.86 per share and that’s in line at the high end of our stated goals. At the close of the quarter, we had approximately $400 million authorized for future repurchases of our common stock. And as we noted when that authorization was received, for the past four years we’ve been repurchasing about $300 million a year. And in recognition of the company being a larger company, larger market cap, stronger cash flow, our Board of Directors recently improved this increase to $400 million. We continue to believe our capital allocation strategy that deploys a large portion of annual free cash flow to both share repurchases and acquisitions continues to drive increased shareholder value. If we take a look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow for the quarter, operating cash flow for the quarter was just under $300 million compared with $274 million last year. And for the year, the operating cash flow was again $586 million and free cash flow over 0.5 billion at $515 million. As I mentioned earlier, we are very pleased to have exceeded our goals related to cash flow. Our working capital, accounts receivable, days sales outstanding was 39.3 days that compares to 39 days of the last year’s quarter. Inventory turns were 5.6 turns for the quarter that compares to 5.9 turns in last year’s fourth quarter. And finally I’ll conclude my remarks by affirming our 2016 financial guidance as follows. So for 2016, we expect adjusted diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. to be in the range of $6.55 to $6.65 and that represents a growth of 10% to 12% compared to our adjusted diluted EPS of 2015 of $5.96. As is always for us, our guidance for adjusted diluted EPS is for continuing operations as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions but does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions. It also does not include the impact of restructuring costs, which we expect to be in the range of $0.05 to $0.10 per diluted share in the first half of 2016. Finally, I’d like to note something that I think is important. If we look at our quarterly progression, the adjusted diluted EPS growth for Q1 2016 is expected to be in the mid to possibly high-single digits versus the prior year. Historically, sales are lowest in the first quarter of each year; operating expenses as a percentage of sales are generally highest since certain fixed expenses and non-variable compensation expenses are recorded relatively evenly throughout the year. Over the course of the year, we expect to realize efficiencies through the restructuring as well as get leverage on our infrastructure as well as get synergies on recent acquisitions. So for that reason, again, we expect Q1 to be in the mid to possibly high-single digits growth of EPS. Again, this growth assumes for the full year that exchange rates are generally consistent with current levels. We haven’t seen really very wide volatility in that at this point, but we’re continuing to watch exchange rates. So with that, I’d like to turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Let me begin my review of our four business groups for both the quarter and the year, starting with the dental group. I’m pleased to report that fourth quarter internal dental sales growth in local currencies in North America internationally and for the group as a whole were all at multiyear highs. In North America, consumable merchandize internal growth in local currencies of 6.1% was particularly strong highlighted by market share gains and higher sales throughout special market customers. Equipment sales and service internal growth in local currencies of 11.5% also was in our view excellent and reflected strength in sales of traditional equipment. International consumable merchandize internal sales in local currencies grew by 4%. International equipment sales and service internal sales growth in local currencies was a solid 7%. So let me point out that our global dental sales growth in local currencies for the full year was 5%, as we continue to gain market share globally. This growth was well balanced between our North American and international businesses. A notable acquisition in our dental group during 2015 was our 90% ownership in Dental Trey of Italy, which I discussed during last quarter’s call. Dental Trey had sales for the 12 months ended June 30 of 2015 of approximately $49 million and complements our existing business in Italy with a solid product offering and longstanding customer relationship. Of course, they are particularly strong in the KOL and education area – the key opinion leader area and education of dentists. I’m very excited that we recently signed an agreement to acquire a majority interest in Dental Cremer, a distributor of dental supplies and equipment in Brazil. This investment will build upon our existing business in Brazil, which we established in 2014. Brazil’s dental market is fueled by an aging population and a growing middle class that recognizes the importance of oral care with 2015 sales of approximately $70 million. Dental Cremer serves approximately 60,000 dental practitioners across Brazil, an important opportunity for us to sell additional products through an excellent customer base. We look forward to welcoming the Dental Cremer team to Team Schein once the transaction closes, which we expect to be towards the latter half of 2016 or the first half but the latter part of the first half of 2016. Now on the animal health group side, normalized internal growth in local currencies was 5.6% for the quarter including 8.4% growth in North America. Growth in our North American group also continues to benefit from strategic acquisitions and investment. And 2015 was an active year in particular in Europe. We expanded our equipment capabilities through the purchase of scil animal care. Scil sells, services and supports laboratory and imaging diagnostic patent products to veterinarians in United States, Canada, Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands and Spain, and has the distribution presence in 25 additional countries. We were particularly pleased with this acquisition as it will no doubt advance our global presence in the animal health diagnostic field given the terrific knowhow that the scil team has and the great product offering and relationship with many suppliers in this field who are really itching to get involved in the global diagnostic field seeking a channel. And scil provides that outstanding channel in conjunction with our distribution uplift in North America, Europe and actually shortly in Hong Kong where we will launch our first Asia animal health presence and of course our significant presence in Australia and New Zealand. So this whole opportunity of scil, which had sales of approximately $75 million for the full year of 2015 gives us really a strategic benefit in the animal health space to advance diagnostics and equipment. During the year, we acquired an 85% interest in Kruuse, a leading distributor of veterinary supplies in the Nordic countries and globally through a worldwide distribution network. Kruuse had sales in 2014 of approximately $90 million. With this investment, we extended Henry Schein’s presence in Denmark, Norway and Sweden, but more importantly the broad offering through the Kruuse portfolio of products, which is well received in the markets that are currently served, will present a huge base to expand our unique products in the countries that Kruuse is already serving but also taking this product line globally. We plan to expand our distribution in these products across our global animal health platform. Many of our companies do not sell Kruuse line yet, which is in line with our strategy to offer choices to our customers so that they can select the products that best fit the specific needs of their practice. Also in 2015, we acquired a 50% ownership investment in Maravet, which is a leading animal health distributor in Romania. Maravet had sales of about $23 million. With the acquisition of scil, Kruuse, Maravet, Henry Schein’s animal health business expanded to 23 countries. Now let me turn to our medical group. As Steven mentioned, double-digit North American sales growth was quite robust during the quarter and I’d like to make some general comments about this business. You may recall that we announced a strategic agreement with Cardinal in late November of 2014. This strategic agreement was borne out of a vision to offer a seamless solution that supports improved care, increased customer satisfaction and lower costs for acute and non-acute sites of care and specifically where the two; the acute and the non-acute sites have common ownership. Both Henry Schein and Cardinal have extensive experience of providing service to our communities across the United States. We are using our experience and expertise to provide resources that we believe will drive better outcomes across the continuum of care. By leveraging our respective strengths, we are providing powerful solutions we believe including a wide breadth of products, analytics and other tools for smaller customers to the very largest customers in this country, including the rapidly growing IDNs, the integrated delivery networks. We believe the value proposition provided by Henry Schein and Cardinal can maximize the success of our customers through our best-in-class service capabilities, health system touch points, and of course the product offering. Looking at the terrific progress we have made to-date, our sales teams have continued to make joint customer presentations and the reception has been quite positive. The transition of Cardinal physician-related ultimate care customers to Henry Schein platform is substantially complete, and we remain optimistic about our ability to win new customers by being uniquely positioned to jointly solve a broad continuum of healthcare along with Cardinal Health. During the fourth quarter, we further expanded the breadth of value-added products we made available to our medical customers with two agreements in particular that I would like to highlight today. We were named by Medtronic as an exclusive distributor for certain diabetes products to primary care physicians in the U.S. Also, we entered into a non-exclusive agreement with Cepheid to distribute their GeneXpert System, which to-date has been largely targeted and available to U.S. hospital labs. I think you can expect Henry Schein to add significant numbers of value-added services and expand our offering in the medical arena in the years to come. Now, let me conclude my business review with technology and value-added services. Internal sales growth in North America was 4.2% in local currencies and this reflects particular strength in electronic services and value-added services. International growth in local currencies was about 2.7%. We recently acquired RxWorks, a practice management software company serving veterinarians in Australia, New Zealand, the UK and the Netherlands. RxWorks had sales for the 12 months ended June 30, 2015 of approximately $7 million. RxWorks brings Henry Schein an installed base of more than 1,500 veterinary clinics, strengthens our growing practice management software business and of course complements our expanding animal health technology business. And when I say that, it’s all about interoperability and connectivity, the connection of our practice management software we believe by far the largest installed base with diagnostic equipment and other digitalized equipment as in dental where we made good progress in this area. We have made good progress in animal health and we expect this to be a key driver of our business together with the data side. Let me talk about the data side for a minute. Early this year, we completed our acquisition of an 80.1% interest in Vetstreet, a leading domestic provider of marketing solutions and health information analytics. Vetstreet had sales in 2014 of about $43 million. We are particularly excited about the potential to pair our practice management software solutions with the data analytics capabilities from Vetstreet, which can offer valuable market insight to helping manufacturers and veterinarians improve the success of treatments of various kinds and business efficiency. We are particularly pleased with the expansion of our installed base of practice management software in the vet space and our big data capabilities that we now will integrate into our platform as a result of the acquisition of Vetstreet. We believe we have the right team and the right vision to create real value for our suppliers and for our customers in the veterinary arena. Also, this past summer, Henry Schein, Cerner, Leidos and Accenture won a bid for the Department of Defense Healthcare Management Systems Modernization project. Henry Schein will provide dental software and services with our Dentrix Enterprise product. It is a privilege to be a part of this partnership aimed at improving the healthcare of our military, and our Dentrix Enterprise software will allow for seamless sharing of medical and dental information in this community. We are pleased to join with these industry leaders for the ultimate benefit of the armed forces of the United States and believe that we will also be in a better position with advancement of this contract to provide a wider variety of services to the larger practices in the developed world and potentially even the developing world, very, very exciting progress for Henry Schein’s practice solutions business. Before we take questions, I’d like to reflect back a moment on a few of the highlights of last year. We are extremely pleased to have met or even exceeded many of significant goals while advancing our strategic plan; of course, the strategic plan for 2015, '16 and '17. We did receive a number of awards and recognitions last year, very important for our team to really work very, very hard daily to meet the expectations or exceed the expectations of our suppliers and our customers. We were named to Fortune magazine’s list of the World's Most Admired Companies for the 14th consecutive year, being named 2015 World's Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere Institute for the fourth consecutive year and being named one of America's Best Employers by Forbes magazine in the inaugural ranking. We also were recognized for our commitment to diversity, cultural competency and healthcare equity by various Hispanics and LGBT organizations. It’s all about people and it’s the people of Henry Schein that have grown this company into the largest provider of products and related services to office based, dental, medical and veterinary practitioners. And it’s really terrific that our team is being recognized. We continued our climb up the Fortune 500 list of America's Largest Companies and now stand at number 287. And in March, Henry Schein was added to the S&P 500 Index. Educating future generations of dentists and supporting advanced technology both are ongoing commitments of Henry Schein. We combine these passions with creating the Henry Schein Digital Center of Excellence at the Kornberg School of Dentistry at Temple University in Philadelphia. You can expect expansion of this kind of program through dental schools throughout the United States, and of course in Canada and elsewhere. Also, during 2015, we announced the partnership with the American College of Prosthodontists Education Foundation along with other dental partners to develop a new CAD/CAM technology curriculum for pre-doctoral and post-doctoral programs. There is no question Henry Schein’s number one strategy is to advance our digitalized presence in the prosthetic arena both in the lab, in the dental office, standalone scanners and full integrated systems all integrated into a chair-side capability and into our practice management systems both in the smaller practices, the larger practices, and the dental schools of the world. And finally, after the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum in Davos in 2015, a number of public and private sector organizations, including Henry Schein, came together to develop a global supply chain framework to enhance pandemic preparedness and response. In the past year, these organizations have collaborated to develop a partnership called the Global Supply Network for pandemic preparedness and response. Once successfully launched, this supply network will serve a shared platform to save lives, inform intervention planning and communicate critical information plus disseminate lessons learnt so that the world’s response to pandemic continuously improves. Henry Schein believes in public/private partnerships as a core value and a key part of our success. So with that overview of our quarterly and full year financials and operating performance with a huge thanks to Team Schein, our suppliers and our customers and of course our investors, we are committed to providing a reliable, continuous stream of income. I’d like to thank you for your attention this morning. Now, operator, we’re ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Jeff Johnson from Robert Baird.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you, guys. Good morning. Can you hear me okay?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, we can. Perfect.
Jeff Johnson: Great. Stanley, a lot of information there. I just want to focus in on maybe the dental equipment business if I could with my two questions. First off, you talked about some basic equipment strength in the quarter. I was wondering if you could maybe give a little more color on what you’re seeing in a couple of areas; I’d point to DSOs, maybe the pace of business you’re seeing there versus private practice? And maybe if you could talk about any benefits you might be seeing from one of your new basic equipment relationships? Is that opening up new business, is that just replacing other branded sales you might have been making? And then just on the technology side of equipment, any commentary there as you pointed more to basic equipment than I think you did technology? Thank you.
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, that’s a lot of questions you’re asking and probably the key question for our equipment business today. So, yes, our traditional business has done very well. But let me hasten to point out that in January 2015 we did announce taking on the A-dec line, which we actually brought in around May. We did, I think, do well on the A-dec line. I believe we did live up to the expectations or perhaps even exceeded what was expected from us by A-dec. But let me hasten to say that we did well with our traditional suppliers that have supported us for decades. And in that context, overall, we did well with the traditional equipment. Obviously, adding the A-dec line puts stress on our organization from equipment organization and our field sales consultants from a learning point of view and from a service point of view, learning how to service the equipment and fine-tuning our design capabilities. All of that was well absorbed while maintaining the relationship with our branded manufacturers that have supported us for all these years. So I would say overall, the manufacturers are pleased and our sales organization is pleased. And now I am of course dealing with the United States and Canada. On the digital side and the high-tech side, I believe we made pretty good progress as well. We currently believe we’re selling more than one of three new units in the CAD/CAM space, which is our number one global strategy to advance digitalized prosthetics. We are seeing strong growth in sales of our digital impression solutions with our 3M, 3Shape and PlanScan offerings. Of course, I think you know Henry Schein is committed to open architecture to the extent suppliers provide us with the product. Henry Schein offers multiple brands of digital impression solutions and provides dentists with innovative – what we believe innovative, robust and efficient choices for the schools of dentistry. In addition, we continue to be well positioned, we believe, and have made huge progress in the lab. So when you look at equipment, it’s not only the equipment that is sold to the dentists but to the lab as well. And if you’re in the digital restorations that we outsource – that provides solutions for the digital restorations that our outsourced to lab facilities that we also feel we are doing very well. So it’s the entire spectrum of traditional equipment, including digital imaging, 3D, et cetera, sensors and of course the digital prosthetics that I think we have done very well and we believe overall we have gained market share. Balancing those suppliers that work with us over the years with A-dec and I believe we have satisfied our obligation and more than satisfied our obligation across the board. We are particularly pleased with the level of integration between our practice solutions businesses both at Dentrix and at Ascend, which is the schools business. So, overall, I think we are very pleased with the direction of our equipment business in the United States. You asked specifically about the large accounts. Yes, the top 50 accounts in the United States in our special markets group are very important to us. And we continue to do well in that space. Of course, there is competition, you know about it. Everybody is focused on this but I believe we have very good solutions for these accounts. In addition, our midmarket group, which became quite active in the second half of the year, that’s the group that has multiple locations under common management and generally owned by a dentist versus the very large practices that are generally owned by financial sponsor or – yes, the known public companies, so a financial sponsor. So we are covering both sides of the markets as well as the sort of very big, the midsized and of course the dental schools and other institutions. I believe that continues to do well for Henry Schein. And then internationally, we did well. We were actually very pleased with the fourth quarter in that halo effect of the IDNs continued into the fourth quarter and we believe actually it spilt over into the first quarter. So, overall, our equipment business throughout the world is doing quite well. I could go on and on and on, but I think that’s probably enough.
Steven Paladino: Yes, I’ll just give you one or two quick points for color as you were asking. So when you look at CAD/CAM, we’re continuing to see good growth there, it was a little bit less overall than the 11.5% in North America. But the dynamic that we’re seeing is really very strong growth on scanner only. We’re still seeing full unit sales in addition to that, but there’s been a little bit of a change in the market over the last year or two where customers are beginning to look at scan only to start with and then hopefully in the future they’ll add the milling machines. So that’s been a nice opportunity for us. And the only other point I want to just to add is, A-dec has helped the traditional equipment growth obviously. But the good news is that and Stanley said this I believe is that we haven’t seen it cannibalize other equipment lines. So we really do think that we’re penetrating new customers with the A-dec product lines for the most part. And that’s also good news. That’s not just swapping out other equipment lines.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: Good morning. This is Nathan Rich on for Bob this morning. Steve, a couple of questions on guidance. First, I definitely appreciate the detail you gave on Q1 but just wanted to confirm something you said. Did you say that you expect sales trend to remain kind of relatively consistent into Q1 at this point, at least on an internal basis? And so any color you can provide on that, maybe how sales trended kind of coming out of the fourth quarter?
Steven Paladino: Sure. Absolutely, we believe that sales trends in end markets are showing consistent growth, they’re very stable to growing depending on the specific market. But generally the markets are cooperating. We did see in January that continue, so we did see good organic sales growth in the month of January. So we believe that will continue and we’re hopeful that as the year progresses, maybe there could be a little bit more end market improvement. But right now that’s not baked into our guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Kreger from William Blair.
John Kreger: Hi. Thanks very much. Maybe just following up on that same theme, if you kind of think about the various global markets that you touch, are you seeing any that stand out as particularly getting better from your perspective or getting worst against setting market share gains aside?
Steven Paladino: So I was just going to say that, no, I don’t think – the general answer is I don’t think that there are markets that are showing deterioration at all. It’s hard to measure on a month-to-month basis, John, as you know but sometimes there’s just little anomalies in growth from month-to-month. But the sense is that the markets generally are very consistent and not showing any pullback at all. Stan, I don’t know if you want to --
Stanley M. Bergman: I think the markets are stable. Generally, there could be – one particular market may have a particular advantage from time-to-time because of the tax situation, et cetera. But we think the dental, animal health markets are pretty stable, so I can’t point to anything particular. And of course, the medical market have huge challenges but we are uniquely positioned I think to deal with these huge changes and particularly consolidation, creation of IDNs, insurance companies buying practices, merging into hospitals, et cetera. And I don’t think the market is improving per se but it’s working well for our kind of services.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Block from Stifel.
Jon Block: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Maybe two quick ones. The first one, if you guys can just update us on the size of the dental specialty business. Is that now close to a $700 million or $650 million business that’s growing maybe 100 or 200 basis points above underlying consumables? I’m just trying to reconcile. Obviously, you’re consumable number demo was big and just trying to sort of reconcile your number versus that of your competitors and what we’re seeing coming out of some of the manufacturers?
Stanley M. Bergman: Right. Let me just give you a context and while I’m doing that, Steven can think through the specific numbers. But there are two really component parts to this market. The first is, specialty products per se that are only used by specialists and used by those GPs that are doing specialty procedures. When I’m talking about are oral surgery products, implants, bone regeneration and few have the same product; in the endodontic space, the endo-specific files or related kinds of products and in the orthodontic space, the wires specifically and the brackets and to some end of course the liners, which we don’t really sell. But then in addition to that there are products that specialists purchase such as equipment and consumables and gloves and all surgeons buy pharmaceutical products, et cetera, that we’ve always sold as part of our general core business. And I would say that business always tends to do a little bit better with expensive equipment, like the 3D x-ray, et cetera, because specialists especially need those properties products and second they tend to make more money, so they can afford more specialty products. When we talk about our specialty business, we are referring to not that product – the general products which are part of our core business and nor are we referring to the software in particular that’s part of our software business, but we’re referring to the specialty products like implants, bone regeneration, wires and brackets and files, et cetera in the endo space. And in that space, it’s hard for us to measure how the market is growing because no one compares what we – there’s no like information. With that said, I don’t know if we actually have disclosed the basket in every [indiscernible] but go ahead.
Steven Paladino: So, Jon, you’re correct. In dollars, it’s over $600 million for 2015, the specialties group. And remember, a fair amount of that revenue is outside the U.S., so you have currency negatively impacting that if you’re coming year-over-year. Where we’re really seeing accelerated growth within the specialties group is primarily on dental implants both domestically in the U.S. as well as outside of the U.S. We are growing faster than the core consumable sales growth, so that’s again part of the strategy and that is continuing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lisa Gill from JPMorgan.
Michael Minchak: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. It’s actually Mike Minchak in for Lisa. So just a couple quick questions. So, first, as it relates to the medical segment, obviously really strong growth trends there again, especially given a weaker flu season. You talked about a focus on large new practices, just wondering if you can talk about how much opportunity continues to remain there and whether your guidance assumes a continuation of that strong double-digit internal growth trend?
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, I’ll leave it up to Steven to answer what’s in the guidance. But we have a decent share of the medical space in the physician and ASC arena. We believe we are number two but we believe we’re growing faster than anyone else. But our market share is relatively small still. So we expect to have good growth and believe we have the right products at this time. We are certainly being called in practically for every single business – there’s a lot of business out there. Everybody is reconfiguring how they want – every provider how they want to service their physicians, their ASCs. We’re in there, we’re bidding, we have a great sales organization and we have terrific GPO and other types of contracts and supplier relationships. And the infrastructure we have is really, really good. So, we have a good product. We have a decent market share, number two, we believe but we believe there’s still a huge market share to go that will be split up over the major competitors of today going forward into the years to come. So, we’re very bullish. But exactly what’s in our guidance, I’ll haul you off to Steven.
Steven Paladino: So, Mike, we’re still expecting a strong growth to continue in the medical group. We do have some visibility in that we know what bids are out in the market, we know what bids we’ve been awarded. We can estimate the on boarding of customers. Even when you win a bid though it’s important to note that you don’t immediately start shipping all of that new business to customers. So it may take three to six months to ramp up, but it does have some visibility in being able to look at growth rates. I would say, yes, our expectations are continued strong growth. I would say somewhere in the high single to low double digits is what we’re expecting. And we think again based on the visibility, that’s very achievable.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cherny from Evercore ISI.
Michael Cherny: Good morning, guys, and thank you for all the color so far. Steve, in the past you’ve been able to break down for us a little bit of the underlying margin progression and I know there’s a lot of moving pieces regarding mix, the new product lines and obviously FX. Is there any way to get a sense from you on an underlying perspective what margin expansion was on a year-over-year basis?
Steven Paladino: Sure. We did give some detail to that, so if you look at on a full year basis, we were a bit ahead of our goal. I think we have always said – or for this year we were saying somewhere in the 20 to 30 basis points for the full year. And again, excluding restructuring costs, we expanded by 34 basis points for the full year. And again, that’s at the high end or slightly over the high end. So it’s really a combination of things. It’s a combination of a conservative effort to drive towards higher margin sales, it’s partly the restructuring activities kicking in, it’s partly new acquisitions. So there’s a lot of moving parts in it, but all of that is things that we expect that we can continue. So we still feel comfortable at operating margin expansion going into 2016. It’s still an important goal that again we feel that we can achieve going forward.
Carolynne Borders: Can we take the next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Ellich from Piper Jaffray.
Kevin Ellich: Good morning. Just a quick question on the animal health business. Steve, thanks for the detail on the scil acquisition and how it’s performing. Just wondering how the sales are going for scil compared to the diagnostic manufacturers. Are your sales people more incentivized to push one product over the other? And I guess do you have any updated thoughts on potentially expanding your livestock business as well? Thanks.
Steven Paladino: So maybe I’ll take the first part and Stanley can talk a little bit about large animal. So, scil really is much stronger outside the U.S. than in the U.S. But the goal is to expand it in both markets. And it’s not just the scil diagnostics that we’re looking to promote to customers. The scil team also gives us the ability to install, to repair equipment. So it really enables all of the diagnostic and equipment lines not just the specific scil line. So it really should be beneficial to all of our equipment lines going forward. I’ll turn it over to Stanley on the production to animal, but as you know in North America we are predominately companion, maybe a few percentage of our revenues are production. But outside of North America, we do have a significant portion of our revenues that are companion and production. So maybe I’ll turn it over to Stanley for some more color there.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, thank you, Steven. And just on the scil side, scil really mirrors what we’re doing on the dental side, medical side where we have great sales organizations for equipment, service installations, design organizations and most importantly interoperability, the ability to connect our practice management solutions to equipment with the goal to have the equipment really be open architecture. And so – or should I sort of say the middle way of being open architecture. So, we have capabilities of connecting software to various devices and scil in our various businesses in dental and medical provides that capability. And we’re very pleased with that team, really are pleased. And now you ask about large animal. Nothing’s never but we don’t think distributing branded pharmaceuticals in mass on a logistics basis for large animals is really the best use of our capital. It’s not too different to us years ago exiting the specialty pharma space where there’s huge amounts of sales available that are relatively large margin. It’s better for the drug wholesalers to do that than for us. So, in the large animal space, we will continue to look for market opportunities. Some countries present an opportunity. For example, in the dairy industry we’re quite active in Ireland and parts of Europe and in particular New Zealand, but as an opportunity the equine area which is not really – I suppose it would be large animals but is not really production animals is an area we’re very interested in and believe we can bring value. And then there are markets like Australia and New Zealand and pieces of Europe where we believe that through our logistics, we add value that others don’t add. And then it will be unique products for the large animals, for example, Kruuse has, scil has, veterinary instruments, our orthopedic business provide. So, we will be more selective to find areas that we could bring value and at great high margin opportunity rather than shipping off masses amount of low margin branded pharmaceuticals.
Carolynne Borders: Sylvia, I believe we have time for one more question.
Operator: Your final question comes from Steven Valiquette from UBS.
Steven Valiquette: Thanks for taking my question. Good morning, Stan and Steve. Congrats on these pretty strong results. Good to see the market reacting pretty favorably. My quick question really just has to do with the North American dental equipment in the fourth quarter, I would say pretty strong but there still just seems to be some investor confusion or a mix of views. So whether or not the timing of the renewal of that 179 tax reduction helps overall dental industry equipment sales or not? And also I think whether for you guys or for the industry just thinking ahead for 2016, the upcoming 4Q '16 given that the start of being renewed [ph] I think for a couple of years, how do we think about that, the year-over-year comp for North American dental equipment 4Q '16 versus 4Q '15 just in terms of whether it’s a normalized comparison, just any thoughts on that as well? Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman: Steve can provide more specific color but Section 179 has virtually no impact this year. Our year end was just before Christmas I believe, because that’s the way our calendar works. We had about three days or four days or three and a half business days to use the 179 and our sales organization has given up on being able to really cultivate relationships based – for corporate specific equipment and using 179. And you need a really complete plug and play, so for example CAD/CAM couldn’t work, big traditional equipment couldn’t work, maybe a few x-rays could work here and there. But it had very little impact for 2015. Assuming that Congress keeps it in place this year, I think it will be a very good opportunity for the end of 2016. Steven, any more information?
Steven Paladino: Yes, I think you summarized it well. It’s hard to believe that in the short time that we had in 2015 that it really had any impact to us. It certainly wasn’t negative. It could have been a very slight benefit but we don’t really think it has much impact. But we do think and we are hopeful that for 2016, it will be a benefit in Q4. This provision actually has been made permanent. So unless Congress decides to repeal it during 2016, it should be available in fourth quarter 2016 and ongoing and the benefit is $500,000 of equipment that qualifies small businesses can be expensed in the year that they buy it. So, again, we think it could be a nice benefit for Q4 of '16.
Stanley M. Bergman: Okay. So thank you all for your interest. Good questions there. We remain quite bullish on Henry Schein. The morale in the company’s good. We feel strongly about our strategic plans for '15, '16 and '17; are executing on that both from an internal growth point of view and new products point of view, a reallocation of resources including the optimization and external sales through acquisitions. And overall, as I mentioned early on, the company is excellent. So we’ll be back in, I guess, 60 days with a report on the first quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today’s Q4 2015 financial results conference call. This concludes the conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Vice President-Investor Relations Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. David M. Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC Michael Aaron Cherny - Evercore ISI John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Third Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you and my thanks to each of you for joining us today to discuss Henry Schein's results for the third quarter of 2015. With me on the call today are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, November 4, 2015. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion, you limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are so pleased with our third quarter financial results, which reflected accelerated growth in adjusted diluted EPS, as well as in worldwide sales despite the continued negative impact of the strength of the United States dollar. As was also the case during the first quarter, the first half, actually, of the year, the strength of the U.S. dollar impacted all of our international operations during the third quarter and particularly those in Europe. For the quarter, changes in currency exchange reduced our total sales growth by nearly 6% and reduced EPS by $0.06, both compared with the previous year – with last year. Yet, overall, the global markets we serve continue to be stable. Through our long-standing strategy of organic growth, complemented by strategic acquisitions, we believe we continued to gain market share on an overall basis during the quarter both in North America and internationally. Today, we are pleased to introduce guidance for the 2016 adjusted diluted EPS that represents growth of 10% to 12% compared with the midpoint of our new adjusted 2015 guidance range. In a moment, I'll provide some additional commentary on our recent financial performance and business accomplishments, but first, Steve Paladino will review our quarterly financial results. Steve.
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: Okay. Thank you, Stan, and good morning. I am also pleased to report solid results for the third quarter of 2015. As we begin, I'd like to point out that our 2015 third quarter results include restructuring costs of $8.4 million pre-tax or $0.08 per diluted shares. Our most recent estimate of restructuring costs to be recorded in 2015 has been reduced to $30 million to $35 million pre-tax or approximately $0.26 to $ 0.30 per diluted share. This is a reduction from our original estimate of $35 million to $40 million pre-tax. And this reduced estimate is the result of certain restructuring actions being deferred to 2016. As such, we expect to continue to record restructuring costs through the first half of 2016. Our Q3 results also include a one-time income tax benefit, net of a non-controlling interest of $3.8 million or $0.05 per diluted share. And that's related to a favorable tax ruling that we received during the third quarter. I will be discussing our results as reported and also on a non-GAAP basis which will exclude both the restructuring costs and the impact of the tax benefit since we believe that the latter is more useful for comparative purposes. You can refer to exhibit B of this morning's earnings news release, and that reconciles our GAAP and non-GAAP income and EPS from continuing operations. Turning to our Q3 results, our net sales for the quarter ended September 26 of 2015, were $2.7 billion, reflecting a 2.4% increase compared with the third quarter of 2014. This consisted of an 8.3% growth in local currencies and a decline of 5.9% related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies or constant currencies, our internal generated sales growth was 4.8%, and acquisition growth contributed an additional 3.5%. You can see the details of sales growth in exhibit A of today's earnings news release. Our operating margin for the quarter was 7.0% and expanded by 40 basis points compared to the third quarter of last year. However, on a non-GAAP basis, which would exclude the restructuring costs, our adjusted operating margin for the third quarter of 2015 improved by 71 basis points and was 7.4%. This expansion, which was very strong for the quarter, was a result of both higher gross margin as well as a reduction of operating expenses as a percentage of sales. If you look to our effective tax rate for the quarter, it was 29.6% on a non-GAAP basis. Again, we're excluding the one-time tax benefit and the restructuring costs to show the non-GAAP effective tax rate and that compares to 30.0% last year. Again, the lower tax rate is due to ongoing tax planning strategies as well as higher earnings in countries with lower corporate tax rate. We continue to expect that our non-GAAP effective tax rate will be in this 30% range for the remainder of the year, as well as going forward into next year. Our net income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. for the third quarter of 2015 was $127.7 million or $1.52 per diluted share. This represented growth of 11.3% and 13.4%, respectively, compared to the prior year. However, again on a non-GAAP basis, net income attributable to Henry Schein was higher or $130.6 million or $1.55 per diluted share and that growth is 13.7% and 15.7% respectively, again compared to the prior year. I think it's important to reiterate that the foreign currency exchange impact was not only negative $0.06 for the quarter on our EPS, but it's approximately $0.20 for the first nine months of the year, and that's just converting foreign currencies into U.S. dollars at today's average rate versus last year's average rate. So, it has been a big headwind for us in the current year. Let me now turn to our sales results, and review some details there. Our dental sales for the third quarter of 2015 declined by 2.5% to $1.3 billion, but again, this is related to foreign currency. The 2.5% decline consisted of 4.6% growth in constant currency and 7.1% decline related to foreign currency. In local currencies, our internally generated sales was 4.1% and acquisition growth contributed another 0.5%. Of that 4.1% internal growth in constant currencies, it consisted of two components, 4.4% growth in North America and 3.6% growth internationally. Let's look at some additional detail on each of those figures. First, the North American internal growth of 4.4% consists of 3.8% growth in dental consumable merchandise sales and 6.4% growth in dental equipment sales and service revenue. Looking at the international business, the 3.6% constant currency internal growth included 2.9% growth in dental consumable merchandise and 5.3% growth in dental equipment sales revenue. So across the board on global dental, we showed solid sales growth both in consumables and equipment domestically and internationally. Turning to Animal Health sales, they were $732.5 million in the third quarter, down 3.4%, but the components there is 4.5% local currency growth and a decline related to foreign currency exchange of 7.9%. Internal sales growth in constant currencies grew 0.5%, and acquisitions contributed an additional 4.0% to growth. That 0.5% internal growth in constant currencies included a 1.9% decline in North America and 2.7% growth internationally. Again, as we've done for the first two quarters, we are normalizing our sales growth in international, and that 1.9% decline in internal sales in local currencies for North America actually reflects a 4.2% growth when you normalize both for the impact of product switching between agency and direct sales as well as excluding sales of diagnostic products both in the current period and in the prior period due to changes of veterinary diagnostic manufacturing relationships. Again, we believe that this normalized growth rate is more meaningful and a better reflection of the ongoing performance of our North American Animal Health business and will continue to show this normalized basis through the end of the year. Our Medical sales were $597.2 million for the third quarter, and that's an increase of 24.3%. It consists of 25.0% growth in local currencies and a small decline of 0.7% related to foreign currency exchange. Overall, internal sales growth in local currencies was 13.6% and acquisitions contributed an additional 11.4%. As I think most people know, the bulk of our Medical business is in North America, and that 13.6% internal growth was led by North America, which was 14.1% and that, again, was driven by large group practices and IDNs as well as a 1.3% growth internationally. This 14.1% growth in the North American Medical business was the highest level it's been in approximately eight years. If we look at a component of our Medical sales, sales of seasonal influenza vaccines was $68.9 million for the third quarter of 2015 and that's up just a little bit of favorable timing. It's up 12% over last year. We sold about 6.6 million doses of flu vaccine during the third quarter, and through yesterday, we sold a total of nearly 7.7 million doses. So we expect the sales for the whole year somewhere between 9 million and 10 million doses, and we're well on our way to achieving that. If you exclude the impact of flu vaccine sales in both periods, the overall Medical sales growth increased 26.2% and 27% in constant currency. Turning to Technology and Value-Added Services sales, they were $89.7 million in the quarter which is a 3.0% increase. This included 5.8% growth in constant currency and a 2.8% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, the internally generated sales increased by 5.2% and acquisition growth contributed an additional 0.6%. That global 5.2% internal growth in constant currencies includes 4.5% growth in North America and 8.4% growth internationally. If we turn to stock repurchase, we continued to repurchase our common stock in the open market during the third quarter. Specifically, we purchased approximately 261,000 shares during the quarter at an average price of $144.11 which is just under $38 million of cash. This impact – the impact of this during the quarter was not material to our EPS. At the close of the quarter, we still have about $149 million authorized for future repurchases of our common stock, and we remain committed to our goal of buying between $200 million and $300 million of stock for the full year. If we take a brief look at some highlights from our balance sheet and cash flow, we had operating cash flow for the quarter of $107.4 million. That compares to $174 million last year. If you look at the details, the decrease was primarily driven by working capital and increases in accounts receivable and inventory, although we continue to believe we'll have strong operating cash flow for the year. The day sales outstanding was favorable, 40.6 days in the current quarter versus 41.2 days last year. And inventory turns was slightly down to 5.7 turns versus 6 turns last year. Finally, I'll just conclude with going through guidance for 2015 and 2016. I think it's important to remember that over the last two quarters, we noted on our past two conference calls that we expected to be at the low end of EPS guidance for the current year, primarily due to the impact of foreign exchange, and as I said, for the first nine months of 2015, foreign currency exchange translation had a negative impact again of approximately $0.20 on our EPS for the first nine months. So, because of that, we are now adjusting our EPS for the year to be in the range of $5.90 to $5.96, and that represents growth of 8% to 10% compared to the actual 2014 results. The 2015 guidance excludes restructuring costs which are expected to be between $0.26 and $0.30 per diluted share for the year, as well as the one-time $0.05 tax benefit that occurred in the third quarter. Also again, we now expect that these restructuring activities that were expected at the beginning of 2015 to be completed at the year will now – a portion of them will roll over into 2016. And we now expect restructuring costs in 2016 to be $0.03 to $0.07 per diluted share and should continue through the first half of 2016. As always, our 2015 EPS guidance is for continuing operations as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions but does not include any impact for potential future acquisitions should they occur. Turning to 2016 financial guidance, we're pleased to report that we expect adjusted diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein should be in the range of $6.55 to $6.65, and that represents growth of 10% to 12% compared to the midpoint of our 2015 adjusted guidance range. Again, the guidance for 2016 is for continuing operations as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions but does not included the impact of any potential future acquisitions and also does not include the impact of the restructuring cost of, again, approximately $0.03 to $0.07. We also – our guidance assumes that foreign exchange rates remain relatively consistent with current levels. So with that, I'd like to now to turn the call back over to Stan.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Steven. Let me begin my review of our four business groups with Dental group. In North America, we believe that consumable merchandise internal sales growth in local currencies was in the 3.8% range and indicates continued solid patient flow to dental offices. Equipment sales and service internal growth in local currencies was a solid 6.4% and was the highest in more than a year. I noted during our last quarter call that we expect the North American Dental sales and services growth to accelerate in the second half of the year, and these numbers bear that out. We saw particular strength during the quarter in sales of what we internally call traditional equipment. Within International Dental, consumable merchandise internal sales in local currencies grew at 2.9% during the third quarter. International equipment sales and service internal growth in local currencies was a solid 5.3%. And this follows double-digit gains in the preceding quarter which was bolstered by the IDS, the International Dental Show (19:20). Before we move on to our Animal Health financial performance, I would like to highlight an expansion of our dental operations in Italy. We just announced an agreement to make an investment in Dental Trey, a distributor of dental consumable merchandise and equipment with sales for 12 months ended June 30, 2015 of approximately €41 million. Dental Trey offers more than 33,000 branded products and a line of private-label products to dental practices in the region through a team of sales agents and an e-commerce Web portal. Dental Trey also sells a proprietary dental practice management software system with an installed base of more than 1,200 dental offices. Dental Trey will complement our existing business in Italy with a solid product offering and long-standing customer relations. We expect the transaction to close in the fourth quarter of 2015. The acquisition is anticipated to be neutral to our 2016 diluted earnings per share and slightly accretive by less than 1% in 2017 and beyond. Now, let me spend a few minutes on our Animal Health group. North America internal growth in local currencies was 4.2% on a normalized basis. Growth in our Animal Health group continues to reflect the benefits of strategic acquisitions. During the quarter, we closed on our purchase of a majority interest in Jorgen Kruuse A/S. Kruuse had sales in 2014 of approximately $90 million, and this expanded our direct presence to Denmark, Norway, and Sweden. We also expect, and this is very important to introduce the Kruuse brand of products to additional markets and particularly through the Henry Schein businesses in the next year. So, this business is, of course, strategic from a geographic presence point of view, but also important because of the unique Kruuse brand of products. We are very, very excited to – about the agreement that we announced a couple days ago to acquire an 80.1% interest in another company named Vetstreet. Vetstreet is a leading provider of marketing solutions and health information analytics to veterinary clinics and animal health manufacturers. Vetstreet offers veterinary clinics a suite of products and services that address key issues including communicating with pet owners once they leave the clinic and the lack of compliance with wellness visits and prescription regimen. When this transaction closes early next year, Vetstreet will be a meaningful complement to our U.S. animal health businesses, and in particular, our practice management software installed base, which is in about half the veterinarians of this country, and will expand our practice marketing and client communication solutions, provide tools for better enhancement of our supplier relations, and connect us to veterinary clinics that are not current customers of Henry Schein Animal Health. The transaction, which is expected to close in early 2016, is anticipated to be neutral to 2016 diluted earnings per share and add $0.01 to $0.02 of accretion in 2017 and beyond. On the Medical side, we had also a very exciting quarter. Internal sales growth for our Medical group in North America was 14.1%, an eight-year high as we made further progress with large group practices and IDNs, Integrated Delivery Networks. This internal growth was bolstered by sales from our strategic agreement with Cardinal Health. We are delighted with the continued successful transition of customers to the Henry Schein platform. The combination of internal growth, plus the contribution from the Cardinal Health agreement, resulted in 26% growth in North America for the quarter versus the prior year. The integration of the strategic agreement into Henry Schein is substantially complete with many components to be integrated during the current fourth quarter. We remain optimistic about our ability to win new customers with our strategic agreements with Cardinal Health by being uniquely positioned to directly serve the entire continuum of healthcare. Let me conclude with a short overview of our Technology and Value-Added segments. Internal sales growth in North America was 4.5% in local currencies, and international internal growth was 8.4% in local currencies with particular strength during the quarter in the Electronic Services and Value-Added Services arena. Henry Schein is committed to the efficient delivery of healthcare services (24:53) business successes of our customers. The advanced technology process and services we offer provide a platform for our sales opportunities across all of our businesses. So before we open the call to questions, I'd like to highlight some recent recognitions and initiatives. As you may know, Henry Schein is committed to expanding access to care for the underserved throughout the world and to increasing diversity and cultural competency within healthcare profession, each of the professions we serve for that matter. In August, we announced the creation of the Henry Schein Cares Medal, which will honor organizations whose work has been especially effective in bringing care to those in need. At a gala event next year, we will be awarding medals to organizations from the fields of oral health, animal health, and Medical health. And also in August, Henry Schein was awarded the Corporate Award by the Hispanic Dental Association. We received this in recognition for our decades of supporting initiatives to increase diversity and cultural competency in the dental profession for the U.S. and global Hispanic communities, as well as for our commitment to promoting access to care, and of course, healthcare equity worldwide. The Henry Schein Global Cares corporate responsibility program was active during the third quarter. We launched our 2015 Healthy Lifestyles, Healthy Communities program, which this year expects to serve approximately 8,700 children and their caregivers throughout the United States with free Medical and dental services at 14 health fair events. We, again, partnered with Integral (sic) [Integrated] (26:39) Medical Foundation and the Large Urology Group Practice Association to help raise awareness nationwide about the importance of prostate cancer screenings, and we helped more than 5,000 children return to the classroom ready to succeed though our 18th Annual Back-to-School program. We also launched our newest initiative with an organization called Canine Companions for Independence, under which our Puppy Raiser Care Package are being delivered to veterinarians for their customers who volunteer to raise assistance dogs for people with physical disabilities. On the academic side, we recently announced the partnership with the American College of Prosthodontists Education Foundation along with other dental partners to develop a new CAD/CAM technology curriculum for pre-doctoral and postdoctoral programs. This curriculum is expected to be piloted by several dental schools beginning in 2017. We believe that CAD/CAM technology enhances dentistry, and we want to make sure that dental students are appropriately trained so they can improve practice efficiencies and ensure better patient outcomes. We are excited to be part of ensuring that the coming generation of dental professionals has the training required to derive the benefits that digital technology has to offer their patients. So, you will see Henry Schein has been successful in advancing our strategies by advancing the needs of our suppliers, our customers, our team, our investors and society in general, and it's the interplay between these five constituents that at the end of the day has provided Henry Schein with the opportunity to provide consistent earnings as we enter our 21st year as a public company. Yesterday was the 20th anniversary of Henry Schein's IPO, and I think it is fair to say that our shareholders should be pleased with the consistent delivery of results, both in terms of earnings per share and in terms of taking those earnings per share and turning them into cash. This was the direct result of the balancing of these five constituents. So, with that overview of the quarterly financial operating performance, Steve and I are pleased to take questions you may have.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks for the questions, Stan and Steve. Really impressive internal growth in Medical this quarter. Anything worth calling out as far as the drivers of that over 14% internal growth? I mean, looking back several years, I'm not sure we've seen this level of growth on the internal North American side. I just wanted to, I guess within that, also make sure that all of Cardinal would be accounted for in the acquisition-related growth.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, that's a very good question. And I think you've probably noticed that perhaps in the last five or six years, our Medical business has gained momentum. This has been the result of a strategic planning exercise we concluded about seven years ago, in which we determined that there were two areas we wanted to focus on. One is the larger practices in the networks and what has morphed into what many refer to as the IDNs, integrated delivery networks and at the same time, focusing on certain specialty areas that are important to our position. (30:29) All eventually geared towards wellness and prevention, which falls in line with the healthcare reform plans. In other words, wellness, healthcare versus sick care, moving procedures from the hospital to the office, to the alternate care side. Our strategies are solid. We believe they are solid for many years to come. And we believe our Medical group has been executing very well. Of course, the acquisition of the Cardinal physician business and the integration of those sales representatives, including adding the Cardinal product offering to our Henry Schein offering, have all contributed in one way or another to driving, first, the internal growth and, in addition, of course, the acquisition growth that came along with that acquisition.
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: And, Bob, just the second part of your question, so clearly, we show all of the Cardinal sales that came over to the Schein platform, both sales that were processed through the Cardinal platform as well as the sales now being processed through the Henry Schein platform. All of that is shown as acquisition growth. So you could see there's also a significant acquisition growth in Medical and virtually – I think it's all related to the Cardinal acquisition of the physician business. So, we're able to track customer by customer and have a good split on that.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Yeah. No, both sides were actually really strong. Thanks for that. And I guess just to follow up, Steve, you mentioned that you're working through the restructuring initiatives. I guess just in that context, how should we think about the operating margin expansion next year relative to your goal of 20 basis points of same-store margin expansion per year?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: So, I think the goal is to at least achieve that 20 basis points. There's potential maybe to be a little bit ahead of that, depending on sales growth. And obviously the more sales growth that we get, if the markets continue to be solid for us, that allows us to leverage expenses to a greater extent. So, we feel good about the continued ability to expand margins into next year and even beyond.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess, first off, I wanted to go to the Animal Health business. Steve, appreciated the comments on the normalizing for the agency direct sales switch. I guess how much did that affect the growth this quarter, and when do you think we'll see that come to an end?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: You're talking about just the agency because there's two components to normalization, Kevin. The first is the shift away from the IDEXX sales product line to Abaxis and Heska, and we take out both prior year the IDEXX sales as well as current year the Abaxis and Heska sales to really show, excluding all diagnostic product categories, what the growth is. That ends in Q4 of this year. Separately, the agency sales switch was a negative impact of just under 3% for us in the current quarter. It's hard to tell if there's future switches between agencies and direct sales. We really can't predict that, but – so it's not something I could say is going to end or not because there seems to be every year a flip-flop from one manufacturer, from one to the other. But we'll continue to call it out because I do think the best way of looking at our real growth is adjusting the impact of agency sales conversions for ourselves.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Sure. And then, Steve, can you provide any color as to what products or what type of products were switched to agency this quarter?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: It's in the pharma category, but I don't know the exact products, quite frankly, off the top of my head.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. Then lastly, on the diagnostic switch to Abaxis and Heska, any color as to how that's going and which manufacturer seems to be getting more traction with the customers?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: Sure, I'll start and Stanley will jump in. So we continue to be very optimistic about the ability to drive sales for both product lines, Heska and Abaxis. And one thing – maybe I'll turn it to Stanley to talk a little bit about, we have launched the new software, Axis-Q, and maybe that's a good place, Stanley, for you to jump in.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Steven. We are actually quite pleased with the progress we are making on our diagnostic portfolio offering, and in fact, training of our sales force to introduce these products. As you may recall, the switch from one manufacturer to this group of manufacturers came quite sudden. We will focus on a lot of other things at the time and reliance on that manufacturer. So about a year ago, we had to put our plans into place. Our plans contemplated adding software, middleware, that would connect various manufacturers' systems to our software, our practice management software. And about half the physicians in this country use our practice management software and a fair number overseas use our practice management software. So, we developed this middleware, Axis-Q which is pretty good. It's up and running, it's out of beta, and we're selling. Of course, our sales force needs to be trained and understand how the interface between the actual (36:29) and there was a wide variety of boxes and systems out there. There's no shortage of good technology out there. How we can connect that in the most effective way to our customers, practice management system, also tying in reference labs to our practice management system. And all of these, together with our acquisition of scil, which is a leading provider of laboratory diagnostic equipment software, is working actually quite well. And we're pleased, given the short amount of time that we've had to focus on this, with the results. Now if you add the acquisition of Vetstreet to that, you will see that we are in a pretty good position to provide very good information to our customers to help them go out into their customer base to ensure that they are attracting traffic into the practitioner's office and provide solid data to those manufacturers that wish to work with us on the pet food side and on the pharma side. So, we're all very pleased with where we are considering what happened about a year ago. And I'm quite sure as has been the case several times in Henry Schein's history where a similar situation has emerged that Henry Schein will thrive. And we will, in fact, be a significant provider of diagnostic equipment to veterinarians throughout the world.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thanks, Stan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel.
Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks. And good morning, guys. Maybe the first one in – I hope I have the numbers right. Steven, for you, just when I look at the updated 2015 guidance, obviously, relative to our numbers, 3Q was a big bee (38:24). I'm just having a hard time sort of tying out to the 4Q EPS number. In other words, I sort of have my out margins flattish year-over-year or adjusted out margins flattish year-over-year. After you experienced some really good expansion in the first three quarters of the year and you've got the restructuring going on. So, maybe you can help reconcile that, am I too high or internal? Do I have the numbers right? Any thoughts there would be very helpful.
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I don't want to get in to that level of specificity with specific margins for a quarter. But let me try to help you in a different way. So, there were a number of items, and I'll go to a couple of them, that were timing impacts, that were favorable timing in Q3, that reversed obviously in Q4. They include things like flu vaccines year-over-year. Flu vaccine sales were much stronger, up 12% Q3 this year versus last year. And as you know, flu vaccine is a good margin product for us. There's also timing of a number of expenses that we expected to hit and typically hit in Q3 that are now expected to hit in Q4. And if you add all those together, you may have $0.03, $0.04 or $0.05 of timing variances between Q3 and Q4. So while that reduces a little bit of the growth in Q3, obviously it has the opposite impact in Q4. And when you do that, I think you'll be able to understand really more of the flow of our second half of the year. So hopefully that's helpful.
Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. It certainly it was. And just one more question that may have two different parts. I guess the international dental results, Stanley, were very solid and it seems like consumables and equipment is both now moving in the right direction. Just on a high level, can you give us some commentary there? I know, you've had some ebbs and flows, but are you seeing the strengthening, I guess, broadening out in several countries? And how do feel just about the consistency going forward in international dental?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think the international dental business is solid. Of course, you have to adjust for foreign exchange because our results are post (40:37) U.S. dollars are not reflective of the dynamics, the positive dynamics that we're experiencing. I would say, the German market which is our biggest market is solid. In equipment, we're having a very good year. I don't see why we shouldn't continue with that trend for a while. Consumables are steady. The UK is a good market. I think we're doing okay there. France is a bit weak, but we are doing okay because we're really the only national full-service dealer distributor in the UK. And then if you look at Italy and Spain, we're doing okay, but the comparables are pretty low. And then the only other big market is Australia where there are – we're doing okay, we're getting some market share, but the Australian economy is not doing as well as it was maybe because of commodities. But I think it seems to be bit of a lackluster economy at this moment. It could turn around quickly. The rest of the markets in aggregate are not that material. So, we remain quite positive about international in general. Also, I might add (41:46) and we'll continue to invest in the global dental market.
Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Larsen with Leerink Partners.
David M. Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey. Congratulations on a good quarter. Can you provide me with a little bit more color around the growth in dental equipment sales in North America? It looked like a very healthy growth rate especially relative to last quarter.
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: Yeah. It's something that – if you recall last quarter, we did say that we did expect to see an acceleration of equipment sales growth. So we're pleased that that happened. If you look at overall, just to give you a little bit of color, traditional equipment sales growth for the quarter was a bit stronger than high tech equipment but not much, probably somewhere in total of about 1 percentage point differential. So really good growth both on the overall high tech equipment category as well as the overall traditional equipment category, so not major variance but slightly better traditional equipment growth than high tech growth.
David M. Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. And then, just a quick follow-up on IDEXX Labs, was that – how much of a headwind was that in 2015 in terms of revenue and have you sort of fully worked through that and filled that bucket? Thanks.
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: Yes. So, the IDEXX revenue in the prior year for 2014 was about $150 million of revenue. And we said we would not be back even on revenues in year one it would probably be at least a couple of years maybe into the third year for us to be even. It is a longer sales cycle to convert people. Not all veterinarians are eligible for conversion in the same year because of long-term commitments. So, it is a multi-year project. So, we're still negative on overall diagnostic sales. But again, long term, we feel, as Stanley talked about it in the previous question, optimistic about being successful in that category.
David M. Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. So, I mean, if you did $150 million in revenue in 2014, did that convert to, like, say, $50 million in 2015 and then will increase to, like, $100 million in 2016?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I don't want to make those type of projections at this time as to how much it is. I think it's too much specificity. We typically don't give that level of detail on a specific product line. But it's going to take two or three years really to get back to even on the sales line. By the way, on the profit line, depending on how things work, we may not need the same amount of sales to achieve the same level of profitability because there may be higher margin.
David M. Larsen - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Great. Congrats on a good quarter.
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny with Evercore ISI.
Michael Aaron Cherny - Evercore ISI: Good morning, guys, and thanks for all the details so far. I just wanted to dive back in a little bit, to one of the earlier questions – I believe it was from Bob – on the Medical business. Stanley, you did a great job talking about the strategic plan you had put in place in terms of repositioning your sales structure. That being said, the last five quarters, if my math is correctly on local currency, internally generated revenue has really started to see the inflection point. Is there anything else you can point to – is some of this related to ACH-driven utilization? Obviously, you talked about Cardinal and to the benefits there. (45:32) I'm just trying to get through the pieces, because the step-up has been pretty meaningful and especially against the backdrop of what I would say is less enthusiastic overall utilization metrics. And so I'm just trying to see how you guys are doing so much better than what the rest of the market appears to be doing.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's a very good question, and obviously, there's no solid data out there. There are a couple of factors. First of all, there is definitely a movement from the acute care setting to the alternate care setting, both in terms of physician practices, and I'm talking about GPs, although in some areas, the specialists, too, and the ambulatory care centers. So that's a fact, specific data, hard to get, but I think it's fair to say. I think as the Affordable Care Act kicks in, there'll be more people covered with the ability to go to a GP for a check-up or when they're feeling a flu or something rather than wait until they're really sick to go to the emergency center at a hospital where people who do not have insurance would have been treated. I'm not dealing with the very low-end, which is Medicaid nor with the Medicare or those that are covered by insurance. But there're still, I don't know, 50 million, 60 million, 70 million people that in one way or another now will have some form of insurance, not fully kicked in, but GPs in general are seeing more patients. They're not getting reimbursed by the way at the same rate per patient that they were before. But they need a glove and they need a mask, and they need cleansing solutions. I would also add that there are not that many national distributors that can provide a complete solution to the alternate care setting. I happen to think we do it better than anyone else, but I'm sure others will say they do it well. So, we all gain name recognition with the GPOs. And the GPOs realize that if the contract is put through Schein, they're not going to look too bad because we're going to execute well. And I think we execute extremely well to these large accounts, multiple locations under common management. So, it's a little bit of trend and it's a lot of execution. And I think we have good momentum in this marketplace. A lot of brand recognition that perhaps we didn't have six or seven years ago amongst these large providers because six or seven years ago, we were known to the doctors, the person that managed the practice rather than to the large group practice or the hospital or the IDN that is now our customer.
Michael Aaron Cherny - Evercore ISI: Thanks, Stanley. And then just, Steve, one quick technical question for you. The euro has been all over the place over the last year. Obviously, you talked about the headwinds you had related to EPS over the course of the year. I believe you said, currency was roughly in line, at least the expectation for next year, call it, $1.10 or so. Do you pursue any hedging? Is there any thoughts, given the volatility over the last 12 months, 18 months, to do any hedging on the euro?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: We actually took another look at it, given the volatility, and we continue to elect not to hedge translation adjustments. Really, it's not an economic hedge. Really, if you want to hedge for a long-term period is expensive and you're just delaying the impact until when the hedge runs out. We do hedge though transaction exposure. So, in countries where we're buying in currency A and selling in currency B, we're continuing to hedge. We actually increased the amount of hedges we do on transactions. We were typically hedging 70% plus of known activity. We're probably closer to 90% today. But we really feel that the translation exposure is something that we don't want to do. And quite frankly, I think that the volatility and being able to predict movements is difficult, if not impossible.
Michael Aaron Cherny - Evercore ISI: Understood. If I could sneak in one last question, I apologize for this. Is there an extra week next year included in the guidance?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So, it's a good point. Yes, we have our 53rd week in 2016. I'm glad you asked the question. So, it's interesting because depending on the business unit, the level of incremental profitability in some cases is modest, in some cases is actually slightly negative. And that may sound odd, right, because you may say, how do you have an extra week and not have more profitability? But if you think it through, it's the last week of the year which is the holiday week. So, when you look at sales on Consumables, sales tend be very light that week because a lot of offices are closed and there's not a lot of ordering going on that week. Equipment is a little different story. But at least on Consumables, it's a very light week. And a lot of expenses, and if you think of payroll and payroll-related that represents at least two-thirds of our expense structure, you have a full week's worth of payroll and a partial week's worth of sales. So, everyone thinks the extra week is very profitable for us. It really is marginally plus or minus depending on the business unit.
Michael Aaron Cherny - Evercore ISI: No, that's perfect, and thanks for the color. I really appreciate it.
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks very much. Can you (51:22-51:29) percent growth in U.S. and...
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: John, sorry to interrupt you, but you – the beginning of your question was not – we weren't able to hear, so maybe you could just repeat it again.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Sure. Sorry about that. If you think about your U.S. dental consumable growth rate of 3.8%, just hoping you could elaborate a little bit on any trends you might be seeing underneath that, for example, growth in the sort of specialty procedures like implants versus the more GP-oriented procedures. And related to that, are you starting to see any increasing shift of some of the more specialty procedures into the general dentist office or not really?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, John, I don't think this quarter would be an indication of trends per se. Having said that, I do believe that more procedures are moving into the GP office, and that's why, by the way, we entered the endodontic space, the orthodontic space and the implant oral surgery space in such a heavy way several years ago because our GP customers are performing these procedures. So, I think that is correct. I don't think any particular results that we may have may be indicative of the change. If we're growing faster in the specialty area, the reason is probably because we're underpenetrated. So, I would say in our numbers, there's nothing that can indicate one way or the other, although, obviously, there's a movement from the small accounts to the midsized accounts and from the midsized accounts to the elite, the large ones although we are experiencing I think the heaviest growth in the midmarket accounts, those are practitioners that own a multiple of practices, three, four practices. Yeah. And just on the pure metrics for the current quarter, our overall specialty product category did grow a little bit faster than the overall 3.8%, John. So that's part of our strategy and why we got into those product categories because we do expect them to grow at a faster clip. It wasn't a huge gap this quarter but again this is only one quarter and it was slightly faster.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. And just one last one, Steve. Did the price component of the 3.8% change at all versus what you've seen in earlier quarters?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: No. I would say that pricing inflation for the year has been very stable. I don't think there's been any major movements.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: Okay.
Operator: And we have time for one final question and your last question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Good morning, guys. Steve, I want to go back to one of your comments just on the dental equipment side. You talked about the strength in basic equipment. On the technology side, that side has been a little weaker this year. I know you've had some tough comps throughout the year from last year with PlanScan and what have you. But can you talk about maybe in the context of those tough comps, end markets, maybe some of the innovation where your suppliers are, maybe on Intraoral and that probably a little bit behind there? But just kind of what is it going to take to get some of the technology side of the equipment business on the dental side growing here again?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: Well, you know, Jeff, mid-single-digit growth on technology is not a bad place for the current quarter. We are seeing on CAD/CAM a bigger increase in people electing at this time to just buy the scan-only product and not the full system. I'm sure you know we sell a few different brands on scan-only and sometimes that makes sense. I think that's ultimately the practice, I think we'll go for the full end-to-end solution. But sometimes, they just want to get started. And so, we're seeing a lot more people doing scan-only than we've seen historically. We did have a difficult comp with upgrades and very strong sales last year in the CAD/CAM segment. But I still think if you look out a few quarters, this is going to be a very strong category. There's still very good technology. There's still very low penetration in the market. It's something that dentists really will adopt over a period of time. And again, we all know dentists are a little slower adopters of technology than other practitioners may be. But I think we should stay very bullish on this category.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): All right. That's helpful.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would add, Jeff, that the rates of automation in the dental laboratories is accelerating a lot. And as the largest provider of products to dental labs, we're experiencing good growth in those three large business segments (56:40). So, the whole area of CAD/CAM and automation of laboratories is very, very exciting for us. And the connection between those labs and our customers through our Commit (56:54) dental program is very, very exciting.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Understood. Thanks. And then, just maybe two very quick clarifying questions. Steve, repurchases in the quarter down under $40 million, second quarter in a row, you've been kind of trending in the mid-70s for a number of quarters, just why especially with the stock having pulled in in I guess during the quarter, why the repurchases may be lower two quarters in a row, and then any comments at all on timing of the dental consumables business throughout 3Q. One of your suppliers talked about maybe entering the quarter a little stronger than they exited, but just anything you were seeing from a timing standpoint would be helpful. Thank you.
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: Sure. Yeah. In hindsight, I wish we were a little bit more aggressive in Q2 and Q3 in stock repurchase, but we'll still probably – will use the bulk of the $150 million that is approved before the year-end or slightly into next year. I'm not sure if there's any better answer to that, Jeff. On Q3 on the dental side, I think I would concur that the quarter, but don't be too much into this. The quarter was stronger at the beginning of the quarter than the end of the quarter, but many, many times, you see those variations and they really are just the ebbs and flow of purchasing patterns of practices and of the timing things and they're not indicative of really any trend, but I do agree that it started stronger for Q3 than the final month of the quarter.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): I appreciate it. Thank you.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, everybody, for calling in. I'm very pleased with the progress of the business. In each of our businesses we're gaining market share, we are executing on our strategies and are very excited about the future of the business. Thank you for calling in. If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to Carolynne Borders at 631-390-8105 or Steve Paladino at 631-843-5915, and look forward to speaking with you I think, in four months, right?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive Vice President: A little bit longer for the year-end, yes.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much and have a good holiday too everyone. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude Henry Schein's third quarter conference call. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Vice President-Investor Relations Stanley Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Director
Analysts: Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird and Company John Kreger - William Blair and Company Jon Block - Stifel Nicolaus and Company Michael Cherny - Evercore ISI David Larsen - Leerink Partners Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray and Co Dave Francis - RBC Capital Markets Steven Valiquette - UBS
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Second Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders : Thank you. And my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the second quarter of 2015. With me on the call are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein, Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who are participating in this call from different locations. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including growth rates and market-share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, July 29, 2015. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call, you limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour that we have allotted. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman : Thank you, Carolynne and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Our second quarter financial results were solid with internal sales growth in local currencies in each of our four business groups doing well. As it was also the case during the previous quarter, the strength of the U.S. dollar impacted all of our international operation and of course those particularly in Europe. For the second quarter changes in currency exchange rates reduced our total sales growth by 7% and reduced diluted earnings per share by $0.07, that's $0.07 compared to the last year. Overall, the global markets we serve were healthy during the quarter and we believe we continue to gain market share. We are pleased to reaffirm our guidance range for 2015 adjusted diluted EPS and expect that our restructuring activities will continue to favorably impact our ongoing results.  In a moment, I will provide some additional commentary on our recent financial performance and business accomplishments. But I just would like to give you a little flavor on two meetings I've just participated in here in Paris. I'm in Paris, and Steven is in New York. I spent seven hours with our international animal health team and would like to let the shareholders and investors know that this team is doing outstanding work as they execute on globalizing our animal health business and, of course, at the same time gaining market share and increasing the profitability of the business.  Likewise, our practice solutions software team on the international side, dental, got together in Paris, too. And this was by coincidence they were both in the same city. So I decided to come over, and I can confirm also that this group is doing very well and executing our global practice solutions plan and, of course, increasing profits in that sector, too. So in a one-day period of time I experienced some really exciting activity going on here at Henry Schein. So let me ask Steve to review our quarterly financial results with you, and then I will come back and give you some comments on performance and business accomplishments in general. So Steve?
Steven Paladino: Thank you, Stan. Good morning to all. I'm also pleased to report solid results for the second quarter of 2015. As we begin, I'd like to point out that our 2015 second quarter results include restructuring costs of $7.2 million pretax or $0.06 per diluted share. We announced this restructuring on our third-quarter 2014 conference call. As we mentioned then, this initiative is expected to continue throughout the remainder of 2015.  You could look at exhibit B to this morning's earnings news release, which reconciles our GAAP and non-GAAP income and EPS from continuing operations. I will also be discussing our results as reported and excluding these restructuring costs, as we believe the latter is more reflective of our ongoing performance.  So now turning to our Q2 results, net sales for the quarter ended June 27, 2015, were $2.6 billion, reflecting 0.5% increase compared with the second quarter of 2014. This consisted of 7.5% growth in local currencies and a 7% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies our internally generated sales increased 3.9% and acquisition growth was an additional 3.6%. You can note the details of sales growth that are contained in exhibit A of today's earnings news release. Our operating margin for the second quarter of 2015 was 7.0%, which expanded by five basis points compared to the second quarter of 2014. However, excluding the restructuring costs, which we believe is the more meaningful measure, our adjusted operating margin for the second quarter of 2015 improved by 32 basis points, 7.2%. When also excluding the impact of acquisitions completed during the past 12 months and related expenses, operating margin expanded by 45 basis points compared with the second quarter of last year.  The expansion was primarily the result of an increase in sales mix towards higher margin products. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 29.8%. This is on a non-GAAP basis excluding the restructuring costs, and this compares with 30.8% last year. The slightly lower tax rate is due to the implementation of ongoing tax strategies as well as higher earnings in countries with lower tax rates. We continue to expect that the effective tax rate for the remainder of the year to be in this 30% range. Turning to net income attributable to Henry Schein for the second quarter of 2015, it was $117.9 million or $1.40 per diluted share. This represents growth of 1.5% and 3.7%, respectively, compared with the second quarter. Again, excluding the restructuring costs in the current quarter, net income attributable to Henry Schein was $123.2 million or $1.46 per diluted share, and that represents increases of 6% and 8%, respectively, compared with last year's second quarter.  Again, as Stanley mentioned at the onset, our foreign currency exchange had a negative impact of a full $0.07 per share on the EPS for the current quarter. If we now look at some of the detail of our sales results for the second quarter, our dental sales for the second quarter of 2015 declined 3.5% to $1.3 billion, but this 3.5% decline consisted of 4.5% growth in local currency and an 8% decline related, again, to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies internally generated sales was 4.1% and acquisition growth was an additional 0.4%. Of this 4.1% internal growth in local currencies, we saw 3.7% growth in North America and 4.6% growth internationally. I will go through a little bit of detail behind each of these two figures. The 3.7% internal growth in local currencies for North America included a very strong 5.4% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise and 1.9% decline in dental equipment sales and service revenues. In looking at North American dental equipment results, you should recall that last year's second quarter internal growth in local currencies was 10.8%. That made for a difficult prior-year comparison. If we now turn to the international business, the 4.6% internal growth in local currencies included 2% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise and a strong 11.8% growth in dental equipment sales and service revenue. Of course, the growth in the international equipment business included a favorable impact on the equipment related to the IDS tradeshow. Animal health sales were $748.6 million for the quarter, down 0.8%. But this included growth of 7.9% in local currencies and an 8.7% decline related to foreign currency exchange again. If we look at the internal sales growth in local currencies, they were 0.6%. Additions contributed an additional 7.3% growth. I will split now that 0.6% growth between North America and international. The North America included a 4.1% decline and international growth was a 4.8% increase. That 4.1% decline in internal sales in local currencies in the North American market was 5.2% growth when normalizing for the results to account for the impact of certain products switching between agency and direct sales as well as the changes to our veterinary diagnostic manufacturer relationships. Again, we believe this normalized growth is a more meaningful reflection of the ongoing performance of our North American animal health business, and for the balance of the year until this annualizes we will continue to review our results both on a reported basis and on a normalized basis.  Turning to our medical sales, they were $470.5 million in the second quarter. That's an increase of 16.7%. This is 17.7% growth in local currencies and a 1% decline in foreign currency exchange. Internal sales in local currencies grew almost 10% at 9.9% while acquisitions contributed an additional 7.8% to growth.  Our 9.9% internal growth in local currencies in North America was 10.4% and was led again by large group practices and IDN networks growth, and internationally we saw an additional 1.3% growth.  Acquisition growth during the second quarter included both agency revenue as well as direct sales growth under our strategic agreement with Cardinal Health. I can say now that the majority of Cardinal Health physician business customers that have been acquired have transitioned to Henry Schein, and we are recording substantially all of those sales under this agreement as direct sales. If you look at technology and value-added service sales, they were $89.5 million in the quarter. That's an increase of 0.4% and this included 3.3% growth in local currencies and a decline of 2.9%, again related to foreign currency exchange.  In local currencies we saw internal growth of 2.9% and acquisition growth of 4%. That 2.9% growth, breaking it up between North America and international, was 2.6% growth in North America and 3.9% internationally.  If we look at our stock repurchase program, we're continuing to repurchase common stock in the open market during the quarter. We repurchased approximately 267,000 shares during the quarter at an average price of $140.58 per share. That was approximately $38 million, and that impact on our diluted EPS was immaterial. At the close of the quarter we had an additional $187 million authorized for future repurchases, and we remain committed to our goal of repurchasing between $200 million and $300 million of stock for the full year. If we look at some highlights on our balance sheet and cash flow, operating cash flow for the quarter was $207.8 million, up from $199.2 million in last year's second quarter. We continue to believe that we will have strong operating cash flow for the full year. Our accounts receivable days sales improved slightly to 39.3 days compared to 40.2 days last year, and inventory turns were slightly down, 5.8 turns this year, 6.0 turns last year. I will conclude my remarks by reaffirming our 2015 financial guidance as follows. For the year 2015 we adjusted diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein Inc. to be $5.90 to $6 per share, which represents growth of 8% to 10% compared with the 2014 results. Assuming the strength of the US dollar stays at current levels, we continue to expect that the adjusted EPS may be at the lower end of this range, as we mentioned last quarter. Keep in mind that approximately 35% of our worldwide sales are in currencies other than US dollar, and year to date, we have experienced about $0.13 or $0.14 of negative impact in EPS directly related to the foreign exchange changes. Our 2015 guidance excludes restructuring costs, which are expected to be between $0.29 and $0.33 per share, and that is related, of course, to the planned corporate initiative to rationalize the Company's operations and provide expense efficiencies. And as always, our guidance is for continuing, current continuing operations as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions, but does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions. So with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Stan.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Let me begin my review of our four business groups with dental. In North America, consumable merchandise internal sales growth in local currencies was strong at 5.4%. This growth indicates that patient traffic to dental offices continues to be solid. Indeed, for the past four quarters considerable merchandise internal sales growth in North America has been consistently in the mid-4% to 5% range. Equipment sales and service revenue in local currencies in the second quarter declined 1.9%, however, against a difficult prior-year comparison, as Stephen mentioned. We expect North American dental equipment sales and service growth to accelerate in the second half of the year with a good backlog report at this point. Looking at international dental, consumable merchandise internal sales in local currencies returned to positive growth of 2% for the quarter compared with a decline of 1.6% in the first quarter. Equipment sales and service internal growth in local currency was 11.8%, was a multiyear high and included favorable impact from the biannual International Dental Show, the IDS, which took place this past March in Germany. So now let's spend a few minutes or a minute, actually, on the animal health side. Growth in this group was aided by strategic acquisitions in North America and internationally. Our normalized internal sales growth in North America continues to be very solid. We recently announced two acquisitions in the animal health space that will expand our global direct presence while bringing market leaders to Henry Schein . First, we announced plans to acquire a majority interest in Jorgen Kruuse. Kruuse is a leading distributor of the veterinary supplies in the Nordic countries with sales in 2014 of approximately $19 million. Kruuse will extend Henry Schein 's direct presence in Denmark, Norway, and Sweden. We expect this transaction will close later in the third quarter of 2015. Kruuse offers a comprehensive portfolio of proprietary products and branded consumable merchandise as well as pet accessories, capital equipment, and pet food to veterinary clinics and retail pet stores. We plan to expand the Kruuse line of proprietary products to animal health customers across Europe, North America, Australia and New Zealand as well as Asia. Kruuse serves customers in more than 100 countries through a network of distribution partners. We are delighted to enter the Nordic animal health market with a well-recognized family company. Kruuse enjoys deep customer loyalty and satisfaction as well as a reputation for quality products and strong brand awareness. Also during the second quarter we acquired a 50% ownership investment in Maravet, a leading animal health distributor in Romania. Maravet has annual sales of $23 million. And, like Kruuse, we have purchased our interest from the founding family, which continues to own the balance of the company. Our investment in Maravet adds to our East European presence, which we established in the Czech Republic in 2009 and later expanded to Poland with their acquisition of Medivet last year. With the recent acquisition of Kruuse, Maravet and scil, our animal health business continues to thrive while gaining market-share through a combination of organic growth and, of course, through strategic transactions. When the Kruuse acquisition closes, Henry Schein animal health business will expand to 23 countries including United States, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, China, Malaysia, and 17 other countries in Europe. Now let me talk a bit about the medical business. Internal sales growth in our North American medical business continued at a double-digit pace as we made further progress with large group practices and IDNs, integrated delivery networks. During the quarter we recorded sales and our strategic agreement with Cardinal Health as agency sales and direct sales as we integrated the business. Our transaction with Cardinal continues on plan with the majority of Cardinal Health acquired customers now successfully transitioned to the Henry Schein platform. We remain optimistic about our ability to win new customers with Cardinal by being uniquely positioned to jointly serve the entire continuum of healthcare. So, let me conclude now with an overview of our technology and value-added services. Internal sales growth in this group in North America was 2.6% in local currencies and international internal growth rate was 3.9% in local currencies. So in North America 2.6% and internationally 3.9% in local currencies. The advanced technology products and services we offer supports our commit to the efficiencies of delivery of healthcare services and a platform for further enhancement of sales opportunities across the entire business. The group also serves to differentiate Henry Schein from our competitors while deepening and strengthening our relationship with our customers. The software and value-added services component on this business does very well, and we had some strong numbers that we were up against on our equipment side of this business. So overall, this business, again, continues to do very well. So before we open the call to questions, let me give some highlights of some recent news. As we continue to advance our strategic plan, we have named Peter McCarthy President of the Global Animal Health Group. Peter has provided important leadership in the growth of our international animal health operations, most recently as President of our animal health international group. In addition, Henry Schein recently appointed Francis Dirksmeier, Fran, as President of Henry Schein Animal Health North America, reporting to Peter. Fran brings more than 30 years of commercial leadership experience, most recently serving as General Manager of GE Healthcare in Global Asset Management and Hospital Operations. Fran's background, by the way, is significant distribution in healthcare and also software and the connection between distribution and software, resulting in the value-added services that have made a difference in the businesses he has supported over the years and now bringing that know-how to Henry Schein animal health as well. Now, just a key component part of Henry Schein 's success is our relationship with our constituents, our suppliers, our teams, and our customers in the social outreach area. During the second quarter Henry Schein once again stepped up to support relief efforts with several disaster situations. Together with our supplier partners we committed $0.5 million in product donations to support victims of the devastating earthquake that struck Nepal. And here in the US we were active; we activated our disaster relief hotline to support customers affected by severe storms and flooding in the South Central region of our country while also providing support to our nongovernmental organization partners and their need for healthcare products to assist in relief efforts. So these are but two examples but are key in driving morale, customer support, supplier support and, of course, morale generally in the Company and amongst all of our constituents. Educating future generations of dentists and supporting advanced technology are both ongoing commitments of Henry Schein. We combine these two passions. We are proudly announcing the creation of the Henry Schein Digital Center of Excellence at the Kornberg School of Dentistry at Temple University in Philadelphia. Expected to open in the next 12 months, this center will serve as the digital dentistry training lab for students, faculty, and alumni, and will be equipped with the latest innovations of digital technology from Henry Schein and our supplier partners. We are committed to advancing our position, our global position in digitalized dentistry and, at the same time, combining that with closer relations with our customers and educational institutions that graduate our customers in the dental, medical, and veterinary space. In late June we were honored to be selected as Corporation of the year by the Association of Hispanic Healthcare Executives, in recognition of our commitment to increase diversity and cultural competency in healthcare professions. And last, we continue to climb up the Fortune 500 list of America's largest companies. We have been named to this list for the past 11 years and now rank 287th, up from 292 a year ago. Our inclusion in this prestigious listing is testament to this shared commitment and value of the more than 18,000 Henry Schein members across the globe, all of whom are dedicated to helping practitioners improve the efficiency of the practice and provide quality care. And the fact that we were ranked and have been ranked, really, since we have been listed as a Fortune 500 company as one of the Most Admired Companies in health care distribution, being ranked number one this past year again, is really a testament to our team, our customers, and our suppliers. So with that overview of our quarterly financial operating performance, Steve and I are ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse.
Glen Santangelo: Thanks and good morning. Stan, just curious about some of your comments on the medical segment, it's clear the Company continues to post pretty impressive growth there. For a number of quarters you've highlighted a focus on large group practices and integrated delivery networks. I'm kind of curious. Can you maybe comment on the Cardinal Health relationship? And Steve, I don't know if there's any way to maybe roughly quantify how much of that added and we should think about as we think about modeling going forward, like when you may anniversary that benefit, and just some overall sense for maybe how fast the market may be growing organically.
Stanley Begrman: Steven will give you the financial aspects. But the relationship, which is really a three-pronged relationship, has done quite well for Henry Schein and, in our belief, for Cardinal as well. On the first line of the equation is the fact that we have taken over distribution of Cardinal's product line and, of course, it's sales to customers that are small practitioners. Then, on the other side is the IDNs, the large group practices, the large multiple locations managed by IDNs as well as group practices. And that has also gone very, very well for us. That business has primarily transitioned to us. But this is all built on a relationship where we are securing product, owned brand product from Cardinal and doing some joint procurement. And that is also working quite well for us. So the customers that are being serviced by Henry Schein , former Cardinal customers, I believe, are very happy with the service we are providing and at the same time will be benefiting from the Cardinal brand [products], and our pricing opportunities in this marketplace will also help our customers and help drive operating margin at the Henry Schein side. I hasten to also add that the internal growth from the Henry Schein core business, which is significantly now focused on IDN large group practices, is also performing very well when you exclude the impact of Cardinal, which in itself was also doing well.
Steven Paladino: So, Glen, just on the second part of your question, so really Q2 was the first quarter that we recorded direct sales from the transaction. At Q1 we were recording effectively agency sales, but as we started the integration process during Q2, as we integrate sales onto our platform we record direct sales. You can see that the acquisition sales growth was 4.6% for the quarter. It will annualize. We are continuing to integrate. We would expect that the integration will continue probably through the better part of Q3. At that point we should have all or virtually all of the sales on our platform. The run rate that I would use for modeling going forward is something north of maybe $250 million but I don't have a more precise number at this time. And that will get phased in, starting with Q4 we will probably be at that rate. And that's on and all direct sales basis, assuming that there's no more agency sales at that point. And there should be some growth to that, of course, as we continue to add product assortment and we continue to drive growth to those customers.
Glen Santangelo: Okay, that's helpful. Maybe if I just ask one quick follow-up on the dental equipment, obviously appreciate that you had a difficult comp this quarter. And Stan, if I heard you correctly, I think you are assuming that that business should start to get a little bit better in the back half as you focus on what your order book may look like. Then I'm kind of curious -- did you mean that you think the overall equipment business is getting stronger or you think just the growth rate will look better in the back half due to perhaps easier comparisons? So just any clarity in terms of what you were saying would be helpful.
Stanley Begrman: Yes. On Steven's comments on the growth rate per se, to the extent that we have that information, because it will be talking about a future situation -- having said that, I can comment on the fact that our backlog is up quite nicely in North America and that we also have similar view of our backlog internationally. So we are quite optimistic about the sale of equipment in the second half of the year. And I assume that some of that is because the market is good but some of it is also because of the Henry Schein operate and our effectiveness in gaining market share. 
Steven Paladino: So yes, so we feel that again, Stanley said a couple of the key points. Our backlog at the end of the quarter both domestically and internationally is up very nicely, so we feel good about that for future growth. Remember, that backlog covers primarily traditional equipment, not the high tech equipment. But that's a good indicator of the traditional equipment. Remember we are going through a little bit of transition. We added the A-dec line, so there is a learning curve. And there is that that we're focusing on in the U.S. I would say that if you look at the components in North America, I think the bright spot of the equipment was traditional equipment, was the bright spot for us. We were a little bit soft on technology, in large part because PlanScan had upgrades last year but still soft in technology despite that. But we are feeling good, like equipment is going to be a good driver for us for the second half of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeff Johnson: Steve, just one or two quick follow-ups on the equipment comments you just made -- I guess one with A-dec. Is that driving kind of upside to your equipment numbers right now? Is it drawing out purchase decisions as your sales reps go and take that line in front of clients? Just wondering kind of any color on how that's working into your portfolio at this point?
Steven Paladino: Well, it's really very early on. We just started, we just got access to the line, as I think you know, late in Q2. So we went through a training program with our sales force. I would say that we would expect a net improvement in overall traditional equipment sales by adding this line. But it's really too early to really try to quantify it at this point. Maybe in Q3 or certainly in Q4 we can give a little bit more color on that.
Jeff Johnson: All right, and then just one question on the European dental comments or on the international dental business. The recovery on the consumable side that you saw the plus 2% last quarter it was down some. I mean as you kind of look in hindsight now over a trailing six-month period, is market getting a little bit better there? Was there just something weird going on in the first quarter? I mean what do you think contributed to that first quarter decline, a little recovery now? Is there really any change in end market dynamics going on, or was there just some funky timing issues in there, anything like that?
Steven Paladino: Well, I think the market is slowly improving in Europe, not quite as quickly, obviously, as the U.S. If you recall last quarter, we specifically called out three markets that saw declines in the international dental market -- Germany, Australia and the UK. And we did say at that time we don't believe they are trends; it's a little bit, as you said, that kind of funky, quirky ebbs and flows. And for the current quarter we have positive sales growth in each of those markets, so our estimate was correct that we talked about last quarter. And I think we’re expecting -- again, European markets are not doing as well, again, as the U.S. But we do think they are very slightly improving year-over-year.
Operator: Next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger: Stan, since you have been spending a lot of time with your international group, can you just give us your sense how many countries are you in at this point? And of those, maybe what the top three or four opportunities are that you think are most substantial over the next, say, three years?
Stanley Bergman: So first of all, with the closing of Kruuse we will be in 33 countries now. And of course we do service, especially on the dental side, dentists throughout the world through, as I mentioned, 33 -- we are actually on the ground in distribution centers, call centers, and fuel sales people in 33 countries. I will say to you that Europe presents a good opportunity for us. We are going to be going against lower comps as the year progresses and I think we will be seeing some good growth in a couple of markets as the year progresses and I think, going into next year. So in Europe as a basket, which took a bit of a hit last year, is, I think, recovering as you saw, the German equipment numbers and the equipment numbers in general were pretty good, driven largely by Germany but not exclusively by Germany. So I think equipment appetite is good. I think there is a growing demand for digitalized dentistry both in the dentist's office, chair side dentistry, chair side digitalized prosthetics, and in the laboratory, which is not only interested in ensuring that the customers have scanners to submit the prosthetics but also, within the lab, where there is a lot of opportunity for digitalized equipment. We are seeing this quite nicely coming out of the Arseus acquisition but not only out of that acquisition, which in itself leads to block sales, where we see good margin and some unique opportunities for Henry Schein in that space. So that leaves, of course, into consumables. And I think it is fair to say that, although the markets in Europe are a little bit anemic, they are getting stronger. And Henry Schein , I think, will continue to gain market share. There is nice opportunity in Australia and New Zealand on the dental side, and I would say on the animal health side too. And let me just go back. I think our European animal health business is also in very good shape. We've got good products, great management, and some really good opportunity. And if you go around the world, I have to say that the dental business in Australia presents Australia and Brazil presents really nice opportunity as well. If you go out the longer I think we are quite optimistic about our business in Asia, although there's a lot more work to be done in establishing the platform. And we are hopeful that over time we will be able to extend our presence in Japan and China. So we are quite optimistic about our international business.
John Kreger: Thanks very much, maybe one quick follow-up. If you look at the order flow that you got out of IDS, were there any surprises in that, any categories that did better or worse than what you might have anticipated?
Stanley Bergman : No. I think the order book was good, traditional business, CAD CAM. And I think the halo of IDS is continuing to drive some of our CAD CAM business around the world both in terms of sensors and when I say around the world, I mean in Europe, in Germany particularly that I would say the whole of Europe, in terms of sensors and mills and related software. So I think this was more or less all the areas that usually we expect to grow, the traditional and CAD CAM. But I think we will see extra momentum during the rest of the year from the CAD CAM side.
John Kreger: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Block with Stifel.
Jon Block: Great, thanks and good morning. Well, if I can just start maybe on the vet side, Steven, I think I've got these numbers correct. Obviously there's a lot of adjustments but I think you said the adjusted North American vet sales was, I believe, 5.2%. It's a solid number but it is a notable step down versus, I think, what was it, 13.6% adjustment last quarter. And clearly, the overall industry momentum seems to be continuing. So is there anything to call out in North American vet? I just bring it up because we've heard chatter of overall in-clinic pricing pressure. Are you guys seeing that? Is that reflected in the step-down in the growth rate? Or is this just more bouncing around and the volatility in the near-term?
Steven Paladino: So we don't think it's a change in, A, market conditions; B, any unusual or significant pricing issues in the market. As I think, in the animal health market with weather, when people or when the veterinarian is buying certain products, there are always a little bit of fluctuations there. So we are not reading anything into I agree it is a step down. We are not reading anything into the overall change. We still think the markets are healthy. We still think that we can see acceleration of the markets as the flea and tick season continues. So we are feeling like there's no major similar to what we talked about just a minute or two on dental. And I said we saw Q1, where a couple of markets in Europe were down. We didn't think it was something market related, and the consumable merchandise in those three markets were up in Q2. So hopefully that's clear.
Jon Block : Okay. No, that's very helpful. And just to shift gears, Stanley, I might be asking this a different way than Glen earlier. But you called out the solid consumable growth in North America now for a number of quarters, maybe arguably four quarters plus. It seems like you need some decent growth in the back half of the year to get to the low to mid-single digits. But can you just reflect, in the past when that better consumable growth starts to seep into the mind of the dentists, they feel better, want some better efficiency in their practice and then you see that reflected in the equipment numbers, what sort of lag has that been historically? And can we see as a result of that a step up in equipment in North America in 2016 and beyond? Thanks, guys.
Stanley Bergman : Yes, good question. I think the psychology in the down markets in North America specially U.S. I was going to say the US; I am referring to the whole of North America is a positive one. And I think dentists are realizing it's a good place, their practice is a good place to invest. So if you look at some of the technology out there, which helps increase the efficiency of the practice, improves on the workflow, resulting in a better experience for the customer and better productivity, you put the mindset together, the optimism that technology can bring to the practice and the ultimate efficiency and productivity, it leads to a good mindset in technology-driven products. And so, I think that's where we will see quite a bit of upside. In addition, I think dentists are feeling pretty good and should be in a position, we think, for the remainder of the year to invest in some of the traditional equipment. I think our expanded line will help us in that regard from a pure Henry Schein point of view. So I think it's less to do with a specific uptick, couple of basis points here or there, and more to do with the mindset, which is pretty good right now in dentistry. Having said that, the traffic is improving and I think from a pure Henry Schein point of view we are gaining market share as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cherny with Evercore ISI.
Michael Cherny: Good morning, guys. I want to follow up a little bit on the animal health questions. I know it's not your protocol to give revenue guidance, by any means. But in terms of the headwinds you saw relative to the agency change and also the diagnostic shift, is there any way to give a sense on a next six-month basis how those headwinds, roughly, do you think will impact you? I know you reiterated guidance, so clearly that's baked into the numbers. But just trying to understand, again from a modeling perspective, how should we think about that area within North American animal health on a go-forward basis?
Steven Paladino: Well, again, we would prefer not to give specific revenue guidance on that. But I think we are comfortable enough to say that we do think that we will see some degree of improvement for the second half of the year in North American animal health as adjusted for the normalized growth. But save that comment, I don't think we really want to give a specific metric on growth there. 
Michael Cherny: No, that's fine, Steve. Figured I'd try. And then just relative to the M&A landscape, as crazy as this sounds, by my count it seems like you have actually slowed down on the total number of deals you have been executing on. Have you seen any changes in terms of the dynamics, in terms of what types of valuations or what types of opportunities that these sellers are looking for in terms of the type of assets that you are pursuing?
Steven Paladino: Well, one, I'm not sure I would characterize it as a slowdown at all. You know the way acquisitions work. They have a timeline all their own and they bunch up sometimes, and they take a little bit more time sometimes. So I would say our pipeline is as full as it's ever been. I would say that I know the market has seen some very unusual pricing, very, very high pricing in a couple of properties. But that's not indicative of the overall market. The overall market the pricing is much more stable. So I would say that, no, there is no slowdown, A. And there is no major change in pricing. 
Michael Cherny: Got it, just timing related. Understood, thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from David Larsen with Leerink. 
David Larsen: Congratulations on a very good quarter. Steve, can you talk about the pipeline for animal health deals? It looks like maybe an 11% contribution there this quarter. It has been very high for the past four quarters. Just any thoughts on what that is going to look like going forward?
Steven Paladino: Well, there's a lot of activity. I don't like to really predict what's going to close and when it's going to close because it's absolutely very difficult and maybe not even possible. But we haven't closed the Kruuse deal, as Stanley mentioned. We expect to close later in the current quarter. There is activity with other animal health, also dental and medical acquisitions. So as I just said, I think the acquisition pipeline is good, is strong. It's probably as strong as it's ever been. But again, it's hard really to say, okay, add X million dollars of revenue for next quarter when the timing is really not predictable.
David Larsen: Okay, great. And then with North America, again a very good number, I think it is 10% internal sales growth this quarter, 12% last quarter. These are very robust growth rates, significantly higher than 1Q of 2014. Just, Stanley, any thoughts on what is driving that? Is it the Affordable Care Act, increases in coverage? Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, so I think we've discussed this in past calls, and let me reemphasize it because it's working. Six or seven years ago we commissioned two studies. One is the area that is likely, the part of healthcare that is likely to be moving the most rapidly, and we determined that to be the alternate site, and the physician provider, because of the anticipated healthcare reform implications, namely wellness and prevention. So we decided to focus on the physician side of healthcare. And we said to ourselves as part of that, what kind of physician providers? And we determined it's likely to be larger groups, so consolidation of practices into larger groups and, at the same time, IDN, integrated delivery networks would be expanding their presence into this large group arena. So we set up our healthcare services group, I think it's seven years ago, to focus on this part of the medical business. And we focused very deeply on it. We were not distracted with acquisitions. There were some very large properties available that service the smaller practitioner groups or some of the single practitioners and one, two, three practitioner. We focused on the large group practices and the IDNs through our healthcare services group. And that has done very well. At the same time we said to ourselves, what are the specialties that are going to be the most productive from sales point of view and more importantly from a margin point of view? And we determined which specialties we wanted to focus on. And we did that as well. If you take the two together, it's resulting in top-line growth, internal growth and of course operating margin expansion in our medical group. You put that together with our cardinal alignment, and it's an acquisition of their sales in the space. But then you add to that the procurement opportunities that we had to procure costs under their brand and to jointly advance better procurement between our two businesses, and the net result is top-line growth and margin expansion for our medical business.
Operator: Next question comes from Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin Ellich: Steve, just wanted to see if you could give us some more color on how the diagnostic change in animal health is going. I think your sales reps are selling both Abaxis and Heska, wondering which products are doing better, how are the sales reps doing in terms of getting traction with those products?
Steven Paladino: Sure. Well, I'd rather not say which one is doing better or not better; they are both actually doing well. We feel that both product lines are very strong product lines. My understanding is the sales force has quickly moved and understands the product lines. Compared to what our goals are internally, we feel very good about this whole transition. But I just want to be clear. This is not a one or two quarter transition. Remember, as people, especially with the diagnostic equipment, as people replace diagnostic equipment and as leases and other things come up over a multiple year period, that's when you have an opportunity to convert customers. So only this is the second quarter out of the box, and when this initially came to light I immediately said this is not a one or two quarter process, this is a one or two-year process. So right now, in the early innings, if you will, we feel good about what we have accomplished. But there is still a lot more activity, and there is still a lot more that we need to accomplish.
Kevin Ellich: And then just another one, for Stan, we've seen some good M&A activity out of you guys in Europe for animal health, but in the U.S. one of your competitors made a big move into the livestock distribution business. From a strategic standpoint, is the production animal market something that you want to get bigger in? Just wondering what your thoughts are on livestock?
Stanley Bergman: So we believe the animal health business is a good business because of demographics. The elderly, the baby boomers spending more money on their pets. So that's one. And the middle class in the rest of the world, the developing world, et cetera is growing. And that results also in pet advancements. But within there lies the demand for protein as well. So we believe that is an opportunity. Not sure if distribution of branded pharmaceuticals is necessarily the best play in that space. It may be. But there is opportunity for niche products with high margin. And so, for example, I think the Kruuse opportunity will be very, very good for us. The scil opportunity will be very, very good for us on the equipment side. And the veterinary instrumentation offering in the instruments side will be very good for us. We're adding resource in that space, expect to add more products over time, getting more margin, and have a very profitable business that will be focused on the large animal side as well. But I'm just not sure if the tonnage, lots and lots of sales in branded pharmaceutical, is the way to go and whether that's the place to put capital. And certainly not the place, in our view, to put capital at a very expensive cost to put that capital to work. But we do see opportunity in the space and we do business in a number of countries in the large animal space and dairy space and the various other areas and remain quite optimistic about that. But I think our play will be a little bit different, given our strengths in the business today and the opportunities ahead of us. Going back to the question on the diagnostics, we were of course taken by surprise in this space. But I believe that our team has come together quite quickly in putting together an excellent offering, a global offering of diagnostics. We are working very well with Abaxis and Heska. And in combination with our practice solutions business, the software business here in the United States and abroad, and our big data opportunity will, I think, have some really exciting opportunities for our customers and our suppliers going forward. So, although we were quite surprised by what happened, considering that we had what we thought was a good relationship with the supplier, we remain very, very optimistic, specifically with our Axis-Q bidirectional integrated solution that improves workflow and reduces missed patient opportunities in the practice. So, we have added good resources in that area, have really good management, good team in the diagnostics space, more to follow and remain very, very excited both in the equipment arena and with the rapid test. It's amazing how many suppliers have come to us from around the world to say, now we see an opportunity for you in the space. But our anchor, of course, in the model is Abaxis and Heska.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dave Francis with RBC Capital Markets.
Dave Francis: Hi. Good morning. Stanley actually walked into the area I wanted to ask about. You guys have talked in the past about the opportunities that you have in terms of the data that you have collected relative to your customers' ordering patterns and tying that in with some of the technology offerings that you have as well. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about where you guys stand in terms of accelerating some higher-level marketing activities and being able to lever some of those data assets into higher revenue growth rates in the near to intermediate term.
Stanley Bergman: Right, very good question. We have had database marketing really going back to almost 25 years ago when we launched our mail-order business. And really we have, in the markets we serve, the finest database relative to products, customer specialty, etcetera, and have done good with that opportunity, leveraged it quite nicely for the benefit of our suppliers and our customers over the last 25 years. It's a key driver in our success. We combine that data, of course, with tele sales and field sales consultants and e-commerce marketing. Having said that, about a month ago we actually launched our big data division to capitalize on the opportunity of the data we had in our practice management world but also in the Henry Schein databank, our products and related services that we sell.  So we have brought on a very senior executive to manage that for us and are very excited with that opportunity on the general medical and vet side. And it will, of course, be a division that is focused on driving stickiness with our customers. But actually we expect this to be a business that will generate profits as well to the bottom line, positioning us to capitalize on our data but also, of course, to drive growth, effective growth through ecommerce and other ways in which we sell.
Q - Dave Francis: That's very helpful. As a quick follow-up, Steve, I want to turn it back to the animal side. You specifically called out in the press release, talking about the North American business, shifts between agency salesand direct sales.Can you peel back the onion there a little bit and just talk a little bit more about the dynamics there? What are the shifts one way or the other, and how that might be impacting revenue growth rates in that line of business and how we ought to think about that over the next few quarters?
Steven Paladino: Sure. Well, so that was just part of two comments. Right? We normalized for the shift in agency as well as the diagnostic manufacturer change, as well as the, those two items. The smaller of the two was the agency to direct sales. The impact on animal health was about 1% because of the shift in the second quarter. So the bigger impact, obviously, for the normalization was the diagnostic manufacturer change.  So we don't expect going forward, we don't expect really it's hard, really, to predict. But we don't really expect that to change that much. It will still be a small, maybe 1% or less than 1% impact to our normalized sales growth.
Dave Francis : Understood. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from Steven Valiquette with UBS.
Steven Valiquette: Hello. Thanks good morning. Stan and Steve. So I guess, as you guys touched on earlier, the internal growth in medical obviously is very strong. But just curious, without naming any names, are there any key competitors that might he losing share for any specific reasons that you are capitalizing on? Or is it just generalized market share gains for Schein within these larger group practices?
Stanley Bergman : Well, I'm not sure about who is losing business or who is not because what we are seeing is a massive consolidation amongst solo practitioners going to three, four, five in the practice, the 5s to 10s, the 10s to bigger. And so, bigger business is coming from all over. And we see even further consolidation in this marketplace with fewer distributors, stronger distributors, and distributors that have the software, the intelligence, information intelligence to service these accounts. And so, I would imagine in the future as we go forward, and also in the animal health and dental space, economies of competency will drive the business and, in order to have competency specialization you need large sales basis to amortize this competency. So I think I can leave it up to your imagination where the business is coming from. But I would say we are getting it across the board.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. And then for what it's worth, obviously we hear about some of the medical distributors to the hospital and/or IDN market expanding into distribution of more sophisticated SKUs that previously may have been marketed directly by some of the manufacturers or suppliers. I'm just curious; is there any sort of dynamic at play within the IDNs that you service where you may be expanding to categories or products that you distribute that might be driving extra growth? Or is that not really a factor for you guys in your medical programs? 
Stanley Bergman: I would say that to take any five-year period and I would expect us to go forward in our dental, medical, or vet business, you will see the movement from direct manufacturers to distribution. And this is -- we have had one particular example in vet where it went the other way. But generally, I think the smarter manufacturers understand the value that distribution brings, of course, in the logistics. But that's not the area; it's in the value-added services. And in our particular cases, we have 4,000 field sales consultants around the world that are specialists in practice management, understand how a practice should be run, and help our customers operate a more efficient business so that they can provide better clinical care. And that drives manufacturers moving towards us, and I believe that's the case in all three businesses. 
Steven Valiquette: Okay, great. Okay, thanks. 
Stanley Bergman: Okay. So thank you, everyone, for calling. I think you can get a feel that we are quite excited about our business. Of course, we have challenges like every single business does. And, in particular, the biggest challenge we have right now is the relative exchange rate between the US dollar and the euro. And we are working very hard and expect to be successful in mitigating that conversion risk with other areas of increased profitability in the business. We are advancing our strategies in geographic expansion, market share growth, margin expansions through advancing product that present greater value to our customers, greater margin, and are managing our expenses, expecting to reap some benefits from the restructuring that we announced last year. So we remain optimistic about the business. And so thank you for calling. Again, if you have any questions you can call Steven Paladino at 631-843-5915, or Carolynne Borders at 631-843
Carolynne Borders: It's actually 390-8105.
Stanley Bergman: 390-
Carolynne Borders: 8105. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you for joining today's Henry Schein second quarter conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Vice President-Investor Relations Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Director
Analysts: Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Michael A. Cherny - Evercore ISI Glen J. Santangelo - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Nathan A. Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co. Roberto V. Fatta - William Blair & Co. LLC Jon D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steven J. Valiquette - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein First Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. And my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the first quarter of 2015. With me on the call today is Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who are in different locations. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, May 4, 2015. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call, you limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for this call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our first quarter financial results were solid with a quite strong internal growth in local currencies as we continue to gain market share in each of our four business groups. As detailed in the news release we issued this morning, the strength of the U.S. dollar impacted all of our international operations, and in particular those in Europe. Changes in currency exchange rates reduced our consolidated sales growth by 6% and reduced diluted EPS by $0.06 compared to last year. Steven will speak about this in greater detail during the call. Yet, looking beyond currency exchange factors, the global market we serve, we believe, continues to be healthy this quarter, and we saw that the previous quarter. And despite some challenges in our International Dental business – and this is quite selective, it's not a general issue, our bottom line results also were solid despite the impact of the strengthened U.S. dollar. And we were pleased today – we're again pleased today to be reaffirming our guidance range for the 2015 diluted EPS. So, in a moment, I'll provide some additional commentary on our recent financial performance and business accomplishments. But first, Steven, can you review the quarterly financial results? Thank you.
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Director: Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to all. I am also pleased to report solid results for the first quarter of 2015. Before we begin, I'd like to point out that our 2015 first quarter results include restructuring costs of $6.9 million pre-tax, or approximately $0.06 per diluted share. We announced this restructuring on our third quarter 2014 conference call. Exhibit B to this morning's earnings news release, reconciles our GAAP and non-GAAP income and EPS from continuing operations. I will be discussing our results as reported, and also excluding these structuring costs, as we believe the latter is more reflective of our performance. Turning now to our Q1 results, the net sales for the quarter ended March 28, 2015 were $2.5 billion, reflecting a 1.4% increase compared with the first quarter of 2014. This consisted of 7.4% growth in local currencies, and as Stanley just mentioned, a 6.0% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, internally generated sales increased 4.8% and acquisition growth contributed 2.6%. Again, you can see the details of our sales growth in Exhibit A of our news release. Operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2015 was 6.6% and expanded by 8 basis points compared with the first quarter of 2014. However, excluding the restructuring costs, which we believe is the most appropriate measure, our adjusted operating margin for the first quarter of 2015 improved by 36 basis points to 6.8%. If you also exclude the impact of acquisitions completed in the past 12 months and related expenses, our margin expanded by 33 basis points compared with the first quarter of 2014. This expansion primarily resulted in improvement in operating expenses as a percentage of sales as we leverage our global infrastructure across growing sales. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.8%. This is also on a non-GAAP basis which excludes restructuring costs, and compares with 31.2% for the first quarter of 2014. The lower tax rate is due to the implementation or continued implementation of tax planning strategies and higher earnings in countries with lower corporate tax rates. We expect that our effective tax rate continue to be in the 30% range for the remainder of the year. Net income attributable to Henry Schein for the first quarter of 2015 was $103.4 million, or $1.22 per diluted share. This represents growth of 1.3% and 3.4% compared with the first quarter of 2014. However, again excluding restructuring costs in the current quarter, net income attributable to Henry Schein was $108.4 million, or $1.28 per diluted share, and that represents 6.2% and 8.5% respective growth compared with the first quarter of 2014. Again, as Stanley mentioned, foreign currency exchange did have a negative impact to us in the quarter and it was about $0.06 of EPS for the quarter versus last year. Let me now provide some detail on our sales results for the first quarter. Our Dental sales declined by 3.6% to $1.3 billion. This 3.6% decline consisted of 3.3% growth in local currencies and a 6.9% decline again related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, internally generated sales growth increased 2.7% and our acquisition growth contributed an additional 0.6%. If we look at the 2.7% internal growth in local currencies, that consisted of 4.4% growth in North America and 0.2% internationally. If I give you some additional detail behind each of the North American and international businesses, the 4.4% growth in the North American business consisted of 4.4% growth, the same number, of dental consumable merchandise, as well as slightly higher, or 4.5% growth, in dental equipment sales and service revenue. If you look at the 0.2% internal growth in constant currency in our international business, that included a slight decline of 1.6% in dental consumable merchandise and 5.4% growth in dental equipment sales and service revenue. The 1.6% decline in our dental consumable merchandise was primarily reflected in three markets: the Australian market, the UK market and our German market. Turning to Animal Health, our Animal Health sales were $684.3 million for the first quarter, which was an increase of 4.6%. This included growth of 12.4% in local currencies and 7.8% decline related to foreign currency. Our internal sales growth in local currencies was 4.5%, and acquisitions contributed 7.9% to the growth. If we look at that 4.5% total worldwide growth, it included 1.3% growth in North America and 7.4% growth internationally. The Animal Health growth rates reflect the impact of certain products that switch between agency and standard sales. This quarter, however, it was not material. It was less than a 1% impact. But it also reflects changes in manufacturer relationships in the veterinary diagnostic category, which we've discussed on previous conference calls. We normalize for both of those two situations. And when you normalize for that, the group's internal growth rate was 4.5% and in constant currencies was 10.1% and the internal growth rate in North America goes to 13.6%. So we believe that these growth rates more accurately reflect the ongoing strength of the Animal Health business and we will continue to report results of our Animal Health business on the same basis, again, to show the performance on a clearer basis. Our Medical sales were $443.5 million for the first quarter, an increase of 11.6%. This consisted of 12.5% growth in local currencies and a 0.9% decline related to foreign currency exchange. Internal sales growth in local currencies was 11.6%, and acquisitions contributed 0.9% to growth. The 11.6% internal growth in local currencies included North American growth of a strong 12.2%, led by large group practices and integrated delivery networks and growth of 1.5% internationally. This is our first quarter that we have results that include a full quarter of agency revenue resulting from our strategic agreement with Cardinal Health. And you should note that agency revenue under this agreement is running approximately $1.5 million per month, so approximately $4.5 million for the quarter. If we turn to our Technology and Value-Added Services sales, they were $85.7 million in the quarter, which was an increase of 5.4%. This included 8% growth in local currencies and a 2.6% decline related to foreign currency. In local currencies, we had internally generated sales growth of 7.9% and acquisition growth of 0.1%. That 7.9% internal growth in local currencies included 5.9% growth in North America and 17.3% growth internationally. We continued to repurchase common stock in the open market during the first quarter. Specifically, we repurchased approximately 542,000 shares during the quarter at an average price of $139.67 per share, which translated to approximately $75.7 million. The impact of this repurchase in the first quarter was not material. At the close of the quarter, we had approximately $224 million still authorized for future repurchases of common stock, and we remain committed to our goal of repurchasing between $200 million and $300 million of stock for 2015. If we take a brief look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow for the quarter, the operating cash flow for the quarter was negative by $26.7 million, but that compares to a negative $55.2 million in the prior year's first quarter, and as most people know, our first quarter is typically negative because of working capital movements. We continue to believe, though, for a full year, we will have strong operating cash flow. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding was 41.2 days. That compared to 40.8 days in last year's first quarter. And inventory turns was 5.3 turns, which compares to 5.6 turns last year. So, finally, I'll conclude my remarks by affirming our 2015 financial guidance as follows. For 2015, we expect adjusted diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein to be $5.90 to $6 per share, which represents growth of 8% to 10% compared with our 2014 results. Again, assuming the strength of the U.S. dollar stays at current levels, we expect 2015 adjusted EPS to be towards the lower end of that range. Keep in mind that approximately 35% of our worldwide sales are based on currencies other than the U.S. dollar. And, as you may know, we do not hedge against that exposure. Also, our 2015 guidance excludes restructuring costs related to the planned initiative to rationalize the company's operations and provide expense efficiencies. And it is also, as always, includes completed acquisitions or previously announced acquisitions but does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions. So with that, let me turn the call back over to Stan.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much, Steven. So, let me review our core business groups starting with Dental. In North America, consumable merchandise sales growth of more than 4% in local currencies indicates that patient traffic to dental offices continues to be strong, although we do believe that we did pick up market share. Importantly, equipment sales and service revenue returned to healthy growth during the quarter, up 4.5%. Looking at International Dental, internal equipment sales and service remained solid at more than 5% in local currencies. And by the way, the full impact of IDS is expected in the next quarter. As Steven mentioned, we saw a decline in consumable merchandise sales in our international businesses, but we remain confident about the long-term success of our international dental strategy. The IDS the biannual International Dental Show in Cologne in March, we did experience the typical slowdown of purchases before the show, leading up to the show, and that softness was offset by gains in other countries including France and Spain. As always, IDS 2015 was an exciting gathering of dental professionals from across Europe, and many equipment manufacturers used the occasion to launch new products. We look forward to the positive impact of IDS during the next few quarters. During the first quarter, we entered into a multinational distribution agreement to bring the latest 3D printers from 3D Systems to our laboratory customers. The two products we'll be selling are leaders in the high-fidelity precision 3D printing arena and will be part of our digital dental laboratory offering, which includes 3D scanners, software, installation and post-sales support. This agreement is yet another example of our commitment to complete an integrated digital dental solution in the operatory and, of course, in the lab. Now, on the Animal Health side, once again this group posted double-digit growth in local currencies in both North America and internationally. We saw particular strength in the United Kingdom and Australia, as well as North America, except in the diagnostic category in North America. Just after the close of the quarter, we completed our acquisition of scil animal care, which I discussed at some length during our last quarterly conference call. In addition to fortifying our animal health equipment capabilities in North America and Europe, the scil animal care professionals will be expanding our diagnostic products category and working to gain market share for our animal health diagnostics partners, including, of course, Abaxis and Heska. We are pleased thus far with the Abaxis and Heska product lines, and we look forward to further market penetration and success with both of these excellent manufacturers. During last quarter's call, I mentioned a new software product called Axis-Q, which automates the workflow of diagnostic tests, eliminating the manual input of codes and automatically returning results to the electronic medical record in the vet office. We've made good progress here. There is good advance awareness of this product, and we are on track to launch during the current quarter. So, again, just like our Dental business, we are very excited about the progress that is unfolding in our Animal Health business both in the United States and abroad. So, on the Medical side, sales growth in this group was excellent and exceeded 12% in local currencies. This reflects continued progress with large group practices and the IDNs, the integrated delivery networks, our up-market, that's the very large accounts, and our mid-market, the midsize accounts. Growth also includes a full quarter of agency sales under our strategic agreement with Cardinal Health. Our collaboration with Cardinal Health is proceeding well. Our sales teams have continued to make customer presentations as a combined selling organization and the reception has been very good generally. We just had our national sales meeting of the combined sales forces and it was really – the morale, the excitement, the enthusiasm was quite remarkable. And we expect to have the integration substantially completed this quarter now, the second quarter, as we originally planned. So, let me conclude my business overview with some remarks on the Technology and the Value-Added Services groups. This group of businesses continues to perform very well. International Technology and Value-Added Services posted double-digit internal sales growth in local currencies as has actually been the case every quarter for more than two years. The advanced technology, products and services sold by this group, of course, also provide a platform for further enhancing sales opportunity to customers across all businesses. Very profitable sector of Schein, but also lends enormous stickiness to our relationship with customers on the consumable, equipment, financial services and other business opportunities. So before we open the call to questions, I'd like to highlight a few awards and rankings we recently received and really as a recognition to the terrific work our team has done. In February, Henry Schein ranked number one on the Fortune List of the World's Most Admired Companies in the wholesalers section for healthcare, that's the healthcare industry category. This is the second consecutive number one ranking for Henry Schein and the 14th consecutive year we have been named to this list. We also ranked first in all nine subcategories within our industry. In March, we were named as the 2015 World's Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere Institute. This was the fourth consecutive year Henry Schein has been chosen by Ethisphere and we are one of only 132 companies honored this year and the only honoree in the healthcare products category. In April, we were named as one of America's best employers by Forbes Magazine with a rank of 203 out of more than 3,500 companies considered. This is the first such list from Forbes with the rankings based on independent and anonymous employee surveys. We take great pride in this ranking as it is based on the fieldwork with employees responding candidly about the employer. And yet perhaps from a financial point of view, the most exciting of all, effective March 17, Henry Schein was added to the S&P 500 Index. Inclusion in this iconic index is recognition of every Team Schein member's unwavering commitment to helping healthcare practitioners operate more efficient, successful practices while delivering the highest quality of care. Collectively, I think these four prestigious, yet very different recognitions send a powerful message to our team and our customers about the strength, integrity and accomplishments of Henry Schein and no doubt will continue to result in good returns to our investors. So, with that overview of our quarterly financial operating performance, I'd like to thank you for your attention this morning. I would also like to thank our over 18,000 Team Schein members across the globe for the hard work and diligent efforts during this quarter and the quarters before. And now, operator, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: This question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson of Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Good morning, guys. Steve, I was wanting to start maybe with you on the International Dental business and the consumables softness there, just any more color you can provide as far as what may have caused that and how we should be thinking about those three markets you called out, specifically over the next several quarters.
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Director: Well, I'm not sure there's a lot of detail. The three markets that caused the decline were Germany, Australia and the UK markets. Germany was just a little bit of sluggishness during the quarter. There was some product movements in Australia, the UK that maybe also contributed. I think that what we believe is that there's no trend here, that we're looking for a bit of a pickup in International Dental merchandise for the balance of the year. And I'd just like to be cautious for a bit of a pickup, so it'll be a modest improvement I think. But I think what we're really also happy with is the equipment side. Equipment despite an IDS year was very strong at a little over 5%, 5.4% growth. And while the typical markets, including Germany, is definitely impacted by the IDS market, we did see strong equipment growth in France, in the UK, in the Netherlands as well as Spain and Portugal. And at least the pipeline shows that it was a good IDS year and we should expect good growth of equipment across the board in International for Q2 and beyond. So, I don't think, Jeff, there's something that's a trend here. I just think sometimes you see a quarter that's particularly soft or strong and it's just kind of the ebbs and flows of the markets.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Fair enough. And then, also news today on one of your larger competitors doing a pretty sizable deal here in the North American vet market. Just any takes there on – was that a competitive deal that was out there in the market, kind of how you may or may not have looked at it and any thoughts on the changing landscape that exists as of today?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Jeff, it didn't come as a surprise. We're aware of it, and we, at this point, don't think we should comment on the financial aspects of the transaction, but we're aware of it. Obviously, our business, I think you know, is companion animal center focused primarily. In the U.S., it's really a companion animal business and an equine business. Australia, New Zealand, it was split, both businesses, both – sorry, both sectors, companion animal and the large animal. And generally in Europe, it's primarily a companion animal with some large animal. But essentially our business is slightly different to the business that Patterson acquired today.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny of Evercore ISI.
Michael A. Cherny - Evercore ISI: Good morning, guys, and nice job on the quarter given a lot of the headwinds you faced. So I just want to dive in a bit to the Medical business. If my model is correct, this looks like the best organic growth quarter you've put up in North American Medical in a long period of time. As you think about those underlying trends there, obviously partnering with Cardinal and their business can help. But can you just talk about maybe some other nuances that you may be seeing relative to both underlying market growth versus where you think are areas for potential share gain that may be showing up in numbers now?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think we may have discussed this on previous calls, but to refresh those callers who have not really participated in our previous calls, about a half a dozen years ago or so, we commissioned two studies, two strategic reviews. One, to take a look at the specialties that would be important for our business, those specialties likely to grow and would fit in well with our model. And at the same time, also conducted a study on the organizational methodology that will be used for delivering healthcare. And so out of those studies, we decided to focus on certain sectors in the medical arena and also formed our healthcare services group, which was focused on IDNs, large group practices and these multiple locations under common management type entities. And I think our work has been recognized. I think it's clear in the marketplace that we are delivering well on our commitments with regard to these newer kinds of entities. And so we are picking up business and have been picking up business, but now actually fulfilling the orders. From the time we pick up a large account to the time we actually fulfill the orders, it could be as much as a year or so. So we have been speaking for a while about us doing well with these larger accounts, the IDNs, the – as I mentioned, these different kinds of practices, and I think this is where the underlying growth is coming from, as well as a focus on certain specialties.
Michael A. Cherny - Evercore ISI: Thanks, Stanley. That's helpful. And then just on the private label approach, can you talk about maybe across the three major segments where you're seeing the greatest areas of traction on private label? What type of customers really prefer that product versus more of the traditional branded, and what are the kind of qualitative growth areas you're seeing and opportunities in that front?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. First of all, Henry Schein's philosophy has been one of being committed to national branded manufacturers. So essentially – I don't know the number today, Steven may have it – but well over 90% of our business is in branded products. Generally, we will come out with a private brand when the product is commoditized. Rarely are we the first to come out with a private brand; we'd rather work with the branded manufacturer. But I would say some of these group practices on the commodity-type sales, the less technique-sensitive type products in Dental are looking at the private brand. But I think our percentage of private brand sales in Dental has been quite static for a long time. The Medical side – there was a greater movement specifically on the commodity, the infection control type products, to the private brand. In this case, I think we're also a bit of a follower in the marketplace. We generally work with the branded manufacturers until there is no option. And on the Animal Health side, there's some advancement in the area of generic drugs. But again, we tend to have very close relationships with the branded pharmaceutical companies, and the areas we're making progress are on surgical-type products, instruments, et cetera. At the same time, I think you know that we do have a number of exclusive products, whether it's the Colgate relationship in the U.S. and a few other countries, and these products are driving our – these relationships are driving our sales quite nicely, although we work with all the branded manufacturers generally in every market.
Michael A. Cherny - Evercore ISI: Those details are very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo of Credit Suisse.
Glen J. Santangelo - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah, thanks and good morning. Stan, I just wanted to follow up on the Animal Health question for a second. I mean, I understand your business is largely much more companion based versus large production animal. But I'm just kind of curious, do you have a preference for companion versus large production? I think you do, and maybe if that's the case, could you maybe discuss some of the differences between those two customer classes as you see it and why one may be more attractive versus the other?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. First of all, Glen, the makeup of the businesses we've owned to-date have been largely companion animal, except, as I mentioned, the countries – Australia and a couple of other countries, New Zealand, Ireland, a few others. So that's where we've been. That book of business is generally very similar to our existing customers. These are practices, generally SME, small, medium-sized enterprises, namely our customers. But there are a growing group of consolidators. But the consolidators generally are multiple locations, multiple smallish practices under common management. So that group of customers has all of that in common. Generally, on the agricultural side, it's not the small practitioner or the midsize practitioners buying the products. To a large extent it is businesses that are buying the products, of course pursuant very often to a prescription issued by a veterinarian. It's a different business. I'm not saying it's a bad business, it's a good business. I could tell you the business we're in, we're very happy with and we see lots of runway. I think there are opportunities in the large animal space. Obviously, from a strategic point of view, we all know that there's going to be a greater demand for protein over time. Whether the demand will be in this country or abroad, different people have ideas. Obviously, the developing world presents the biggest opportunity. So I would say there are opportunities in both markets, and we are very confident that we can continue to grow our companion animal business and make some entry into equine but also into select markets in the large animal production area. I think we do quite well outside the U.S., for example, in the dairy space. Go ahead. Sorry?
Glen J. Santangelo - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah. I'm sorry to cut you off, Stan. Maybe just as a follow-up to that, could you maybe give me some broader thoughts with respect to the acquisition outlook across your three businesses, because, I mean, obviously part of the growth has been acquisition-driven and the company has done a great job sort of integrating those. But now that you have like, for example, in the animal health space players like Patterson and AmerisourceBergen out there very aggressively looking for acquisitions, is it impacting multiples at all? And maybe if you could just wrap that answer into just an M&A outlook answer a little bit more broadly.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I mean, short of being precise, which we try not to do, our pipeline remains quite constant. Mark and his business development team have much more in their pipeline than they could possibly execute on, not because of capital needs, but purely because of integration challenges. Always – it doesn't matter, you can buy the most perfect company, great management, great systems, great outlook, there's still work in integrating. And I think that's what we've done so well over the last couple of decades. So we have a robust pipeline. We generally do not participate in books that are put out by banks. We have, we've bought companies, but generally the deals we do are where there's a personal relationship, where things have been worked out well in advance because a family would like us to buy out a percentage of the business, they want to keep one family member engaged, they want to keep some management engaged, they want to remain in the community. These kinds of deals are the kinds of deals we're the most comfortable with. We have no shortage. I think the pricing on some of these book deals that have been put out have been very, very high and there's no need to participate in that sector. We have, and when prices become very high, I think you'll see Henry Schein not participate. Having said that, when we do participate, generally, I think the community knows that we close on the deal. So I don't know if I can be any clearer than that. Steven, I'm not sure if you can be any clearer or say anything more.
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Director: Yeah. No, I think you covered it well. Certainly, acquisitions will continue for us. We have completed acquisitions our whole history as a public company, for 20 years, and as Stanley said, the pipeline is very full. Without commenting on any specific ones, we also are disciplined in our approach because there is so many opportunities, so we don't want to pay multiples that we consider to be, even if it's a good company, not a good transaction if you pay too much for it. So we feel good about our acquisition strategy going forward.
Glen J. Santangelo - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks for the comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs.
Nathan A. Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. This is Nathan Rich on for Bob today. Steve, I think you said in your prepared remarks that organic or the same-store operating margin metric that you give was up 33 basis points in the quarter. I think that's one of your better performances in quite some time. I was just wondering if you could give a little bit more color on what drove the operating expense performance in the quarter and how much of it might have been the result of some of the earlier restructuring actions that you've taken?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Director: Well, as everyone knows, it's a key metric for us that we look at internally, as well as report on externally to shareholders. We do believe that there's more opportunity for margin expansion. Certainly, the restructuring activities will help that and did help that a bit in Q1. And this was – if you look at operating expenses, operating expenses, when you back out again the acquisitions and the restructuring costs, drove most of it, operating expenses as a percentage of sales. So it's something we want to keep pushing on because it's very important to us. It's very important to our model. And we think there's lots of opportunity to continue to improve that. So, we're going to keep pushing for the balance of the year and thereafter to continue to get that margin expansion.
Nathan A. Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks. And then I just wanted to go back to the Medical segment performance for a second. I understand you're obviously still working on completing the integration with Cardinal, but have you had time to get a sense of where you could potentially leverage Cardinal's scale and maybe purchase products more efficiently? And any kind of update on what the synergies from this partnership might ultimately be?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Director: Well, maybe I'll start. So, we're still in the early stages of the procurement agreement with Cardinal Health. I think both organizations feel very good that there's a lot of opportunity. We do believe that there's a win-win, that we'll be able to buy product at lower cost than we could buy from third parties because of Cardinal's scale on certain products. But to quantify right now, we're still trading. We could not trade some detailed information before the deal close because of legal restrictions. So we're just starting that. We've bought a little bit of product so far from them. But best I could say is we're very optimistic that there are benefits there. And as the year progresses, hopefully we can give you a little bit more detail on that.
Nathan A. Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Appreciate the update. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kreger of William Blair.
Roberto V. Fatta - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys. This is actually Robbie Fatta in for John today. Just a question on the dental equipment growth. I may have missed it, but could you breakout for us what the high-tech growth was versus basic equipment in the U.S., and internationally if possible, and maybe within high-tech, how the CAD/CAM strategy is working so far?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Director: Sure. This quarter, if we look at dental equipment growth, it really was pretty much across the board our growth. We did not see a particular bump from any particular product category. I think part of that is, when we look at CAD/CAM, we had such a strong Q4. We're also up against, this quarter, a very difficult comp on CAD/CAM because of upgrades that happened last year. So really, it was across-the-board growth. It really wasn't any particular category that stood out. And we still feel very good about PlanScan E4D. And when you look at internationally, I would say the same is true. I think it was weighted a little bit more towards traditional equipment in the international markets rather than high-tech, which is a good sign for the overall market too, because if people are buying traditional equipment, they generally are feeling good about how their practice is doing going forward.
Roberto V. Fatta - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. That's helpful. And just a follow-up on the specialty categories. Could you give you us an update on some of the ortho and implant categories?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Director: Sure. From a financial perspective, our dental specialty sales did grow faster than the overall consumable category. We feel like implants are growing nicely, the market, and we're taking market share there. As well as on the orthodontics side, I think we're taking some market share there also. So, the strategy is working. It is improving our overall consumable sales growth. I don't know if you have a specific comment that you're looking for, Robbie, on that, but that would be the overview comment.
Roberto V. Fatta - William Blair & Co. LLC: No, that's great. Thanks very much.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I can add a little bit more to that. We are, Robbie, believe that our – we've had solid year-over-year sales growth in CAMLOG and BioHorizons. And we really believe that we have two very good platforms that will continue to grow, specifically in the markets that they each are strong in, and will expand beyond that. And we believe that generally the implant market around the world, both in the premium and the value segment, will do okay. And so, we have two good properties which are now working well together under one common management structure will, over time, help us grow our business within the sector and the sector in itself is doing well.
Roberto V. Fatta - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Block of Stifel.
Jon D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks. And good morning, guys. I'll stick to two questions as well. Maybe for Stanley, the North American consumable, it was a third straight quarter of over 4% growth there. But the year-ago comp was a little bit easier due to weather. So, if you looked at it on that stacked basis, it stepped down quite a bit. I'm just trying to get your opinion of what we're seeing in the North American market. Is it strengthening even further or do you think the market's taking a little bit of a pause up here after some of the reacceleration we saw in 2H 2014? Just would love to get your thoughts and commentary there.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We did have a tough winter the previous year and this year wasn't perfect. But I think the comps were a little bit weaker. And so I think there is some of that that can be brought to bear when you look at our growth for the quarter. Having said that, we do believe that in each one of our businesses we have great momentum on so many fronts and remain quite confident. Of course, there's no guarantees that we'll be able to continue with this momentum, not only in North America, by the way, but around the world. So, yeah, I think there's something in the fact that the comps were a little bit easier, but overall, I think in North America the markets are getting stronger and we are in a position to pick up a little bit of market share as well. So you add those two things together and we believe the momentum for the next quarters out looks pretty good.
Jon D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks for that. And then, Steven, just a quick on vet, more the numbers. You mentioned the adjusted, I think it was 13.6% North American vet growth that you gave versus the 1.3% reported. I just want to make sure, was that, call it, net for IDEXX? In other words, did it take into account the sales you got from a Abaxis and/or Heska, or is it just making the adjustment on the gross from IDEXX?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Director: Yes, so just to clear – it's a good question. We excluded all diagnostic category sales. So we excluded both the IDEXX in the prior year and the Abaxis and Heska in the current year to show, excluding IDEXX – excluding diagnostics, sorry, what the growth is.
Jon D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Perfect. And you'll do that for you think all four quarters of 2015?
Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Director: Yeah. We will do that because I think it is a performance metric that's very meaningful to shareholders.
Jon D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Absolutely. Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill of JPMorgan.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. I just wanted to follow back up on a question around Cardinal Health and the relationship. Stanley, I just want to understand this a little bit better. When you talked about marketing together with Cardinal, now that you finally have the relationship. Can you talk about which of their products, if any, you're helping to promote with the new relationship? Are you pushing some of their private-label products? And as it's still early days, it sounds to me like if we look at the hospital market versus what you're saying in the physician and outpatient market, that your side of the market is growing much faster. Can you just give us any color as to what you're seeing for the underlying trends maybe on the utilization side?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So, Lisa, first of all, we would not view their products, at least in the Schein context, as a private brand. It is a brand, and we're bringing in an extensive offering, thousands of products. I'd be happy to give you the exact number; I don't have it in front of me. But I know it's thousands – or Steven can give you the exact number. So we will be promoting their brand, of course, not only in the medical arena, but also in the dental and the vet space. And we will be doing some purchasing from them on the generic drug side, on the generic pharma side. So I think there's going to be quite a bit of opportunity for them to grow in sales to us and us to gain synergies on the purchasing side. The physician space, it's hard to get specific utilization data, because it's not really broken out and where does the hospital begin and where does it end and where does the ASC begin and end. But generally, we believe we are well positioned to gain business in the alternate care sector, the physician space, the smaller ambulatory care space and even the larger ambulatory care space, and also areas such as the retail clinics and community centers, et cetera. So they, of course, will help us with the IDNs. They have many IDNs that they are either exclusive or relatively exclusive and I think they will bring us in over time. Having said that, we have a number of IDNs that we are active in unrelated to Cardinal. So I think our view that the physician space, the alternate space presents runway for us is reaffirmed as we get more and more into our relationship with Cardinal. And at the same time, we are really excited about the entry they give us into IDNs that probably had never heard of us or, if they had heard of us, didn't understand our capabilities. What I can tell you is the enthusiasm at our national sales meeting of the combined sales force was something I'd not seen at Schein in a while. The Cardinal representatives, of course, love the company, but the company was really more focused on the acute care side, and we are focused on the physician side, and we have tools that they didn't have available to them. So, generally, I think this has been an outstanding start. We actually go live this week actually and hope to have the integration completed this quarter. So we're very excited about the momentum, and I think the customer base is as well and obviously the salespeople.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then just as a follow-up, how do you view that market from an acquisition standpoint at this point, Stanley? Is there still acquisition opportunities there?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: There are opportunities for us in that space. The specialty products to be purchased, we were at one time looking at the software side. Prices went so high in the electronic medical record arena that we decided not to continue. We do own a company in that space. We have relationship with Athena that is working actually very well. But there of course are opportunities on the specialty side. I'm not saying specialty pharma, because we exited that space. But in product categories that focus on specialists, lots of opportunities, actually some very high margin opportunities. And, yes, there's some space – opportunities with some small distributors, but the opportunity rests largely I think in higher-margin type products.
Lisa C. Gill - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks for the comments.
Operator: At this time, we have time for one more question. And that is from the line of Steven Valiquette of UBS.
Steven J. Valiquette - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning, Stan and Steve. Yeah, for me I guess my question was – you sort of half answered it there, but just a follow-up on the North American Medical, how much health reform and incremental ACA enrollment in early 2015 might be helping to drive the acceleration in sales growth? And I think, also, we didn't really see that really help that much in early 2014 – maybe it took a while for the enrollment to get going. But I think in the back half of 2014, that probably helped. Does that create maybe a little bit tougher comps, thinking about Medical over the next few quarters? Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I can't give you direct information on the correlation between enrollment and our sales, but it is clear that what healthcare reform is all about is prevention and wellness. Middle class and above have access to primary care physicians, very poor had it through the – primary care physicians through general insurance and through Medicare, and the elderly of course, and then the very poor had access to primary care physicians through Medicaid. But there's a whole group of people in the middle that didn't have access to a primary care physician. If these people were sick, they would go to the emergency room, but there was no real preventative programs for these people. Healthcare reform is about providing primary care. Of course, the debate is who's going to pay for it. Is it the taxpayer, is it the government, is it reducing costs at certain areas, et cetera? But that's not as important to us as more primary care will be practiced in this country, in the United States, and so that is good for our business and we can see that the primary care side is gearing up. Obviously, the cost per procedure, reimbursement per procedure, will go down because it's more about the outcomes as we move from sick-care to healthcare. And we believe that this presents a huge opportunity for our Medical business; this is why we're focused in this space. And we believe that some of those opportunities are already being harvested and we expect that to continue in the future as wellness, prevention becomes a bigger part of the whole healthcare focus. So I can't give you specifics, but I can tell you why we are so enthusiastic about our Medical group.
Steven J. Valiquette - UBS Securities LLC: And by the way, was there any change at all in medical pricing trends or is it still overwhelmingly driven by volume demand, just to confirm that as well?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would have to say that there's probably deflation a little bit. Firstly, I think you've got bigger customers, so the pricing is going down. Remember, it's also easier for us to service these bigger customers. They are less expensive to service than the smaller ones. So I would think because the growing pie of these larger practices and these larger entities, there's price pressure – they can make a decision on moving to generic and then the branded manufacturers have to often meet the generic price. So to some extent, there is deflation, but I think our business growth is really a market share growth that's cushioning also some of this deflation.
Steven J. Valiquette - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's great. Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So thank you all for calling. We remain very excited about the businesses that we're in. We're very pleased with the progress being made by each of our four business units, actually in the U.S. and abroad. Our Value-Added Services continues to pay off both from a sales and profit point of view and from a connectivity and the stickiness with our customers. So we remain quite bullish about our business. And so if you have any questions, please feel free to give Carolynne Borders a call. Carolynne, what's your extension?
Carolynne Borders - Vice President-Investor Relations: I'll be on my phone which is 631-662-4317.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. And/or Steven Paladino at extension 5915 at Henry Schein. So thank you and we look forward to speaking again in 90 days and/or seeing you at conferences. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Henry Schein First Quarter Conference Call. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Vice President of Investor Relations Stanley Bergman - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - EVP, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bob Jones - Goldman Sachs Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse John Kreger - William Blair & Company Jeff Johnson - Robert Baird Jon Block - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Fourth Quarter Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein’s Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, Natalya, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein’s results for the fourth quarter of 2014. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company’s performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including growth rates and market share, are based upon the company’s internal analysis and estimates. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, February 11, 2015. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. [Operator Instructions]. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Good morning everyone. Thank you, Carol. And thank you for joining us. We closed our 2014 year with strong fourth quarter financial results that once again included market share gains in each of our business groups. The global markets we serve remain generally healthy highlighted by of course continued strong patient traffic in North America. And we are particularly pleased with the solid internal sales growth in local currencies in our international businesses too. We achieved adjusted EPS growth for the year of 10% and are firming our guidance range for 2015 diluted EPS. I’m also pleased to mention that in 2014, for the first time, the Henry Schein exceeded the $10 billion sales mark on an annual basis. In a moment I’ll provide some additional commentary on our performance along with a review of some of our key accomplishments during 2014. Needless to say, we completed our three-year strategic plan for the period 2012 to ‘14 and did very well from our point of view on of course planning and executing on that plan. We feel that our business units are in good shape, we have a great management team in each of our business units. And at the corporate level, and are well positioned for a good 2015 and beyond. So, before I give you further comments and highlights on the company per-say, Steven will review our quarterly financial results. Steven?
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stan, and good morning to all. I’m also pleased to report strong results for the fourth quarter of 2014 as well as the full year. If you look at our Q4 results, our net sales for the quarter ended December 27, 2014 were $2.7 billion reflecting a 7% increase compared with the fourth quarter of 2013. This consisted of 9.9% growth in local currencies and 2.9% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, internally generated sales increased 4.9% and acquisition growth contributed an additional 5%. You could see additional details of our sales growth in Exhibit A of our earnings news release that was issued this morning. Our operating margin for the fourth quarter was 7.5% and expanded by 11 basis points compared with the fourth quarter of last year. And, even if you exclude the impact of acquisitions completed during the past 12 months, our margin also expanded by 6 basis points compared with last year’s fourth quarter. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 29.7% and this compares with 29.8% in the fourth quarter of 2013. The slightly lower tax rate is due to implementation of our ongoing tax plan strategies as well as high earnings in countries with lower corporate income tax rates. Going forward for 2015, we believe our effective tax rate will continue at a similar rate and be in the 30% range. Our net income attributable to Henry Schein for the fourth quarter of 2014 was $133 million or $1.56 per diluted share. This represents growth of 7% and 9.1%, respectively, compared with the fourth quarter of 2013. I think it’s important to note that foreign currency exchange had a negative impact of approximately $0.04 on the current quarter’s EPS for the quarter. So, $0.04 negative impact is included in our numbers. Looking to the results for the full year, there were a number of highlights. Sales increased 8.5% exceeding $10 billion for the first time as Stan just mentioned. Our cash flow was very strong at $593 million and exceeded net income by over $126 million. Diluted EPS increased almost 10% at 9.9% to $5.44, and that’s the increases after adjusting non-GAAP items in the prior year. And we believe overall 2014 was an excellent year from a financial perspective. You can see a reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP income and EPS in Exhibit D of our news release. If you look at some additional detail on our sales results for the quarter, Dental sales for the quarter, for the fourth quarter of 2014 increased 3.9% to $1.4 billion, this 3.9% growth consisted of 7.5% growth in local currencies and a 3.6% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, internally generated sales increased 2.3% and acquisition growth contributed an additional 5.2%, primarily related to the acquisitions of BioHorizons and Arseus. If we look at the 2.3% internal growth in local currencies, the components are 1.9% in the North American market and 2.9% in the international market. If you look at the components within each of North America and international, the 1.9% internal growth in constant currencies in North America included very strong growth in Dental consumable merchandize of 4.9% and a decline in Dental equipment sales and service revenue of 4.7%. We believe that the equipment sales declined in North America substantially due to this late reinstatement of tax incentives for the U.S. market in 2004. These tax incentives were reduced to $25,000 at the end of 2013 and were not returned to the previous level of $500,000 until December 19, 2014. And we believe it was really too late for our customers really to take advantage of that increased benefit in the fourth quarter to impact sales growth. If you look at the 2.9% growth in the international market we have 3.1% in consumable merchandize and 2.6% growth in equipment sales and service revenue. Turning to animal health, our sales was $731.6 million in the quarter, an increase of 12.3%, which included growth in local currencies of 15.9% offset by a decline again in foreign currency but of 3.6%. The internal sales in local currencies grew 7.8% while acquisitions included an additional 8.1%. That 7.8% internal growth in constant currencies included 6.9% growth in North America and 8.6% growth in our international animal health sales. If you normalize our North American animal health sales for the impact of certain products that switch from agency sales to standard sales, North American internal sales growth was a little bit less at 5.9%. Turning to medical, our medical sales were $461.7 million for the quarter, an increase of 9.4% that 9.4% consisted of local currency growth of 9.9% offset by foreign exchange currency declines of 0.5%. And the internal sales in local currencies, was 9.4% and 0.5% related to acquisitions. That 9.4% growth consisted of 9.5% slightly higher in North America and that was led by up-market and mid-market customers and growth also strong in international of 8.4%. During the quarter, we sold seasonal influenza vaccines at the rate of $26 million for the quarter and that’s up slightly from the $23.8 million in last year’s quarter. I’ll also point out that our fourth quarter results include about 1.5 months of agency revenue resulting from the strategic agreement with Cardinal Health and Stanley will discuss a little bit more details on this agreement later on in the call. We remain confident that our strategy of focusing on large group practices and IDNs, resulted in continued market share gains. Technology and value-added service sales were $91.3 million in the quarter, an increase of 3.3% and that includes 4.4% growth in local currencies offset by 1.1% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, the internally generated sales growth was 1.5% and acquisition growth was an additional 2.9%. That 1.5% growth was of slight decline in North America of 0.7% and 15% growth international. But remember, in the North American market, we also have a shift in sales from standard sales to agency sales. And if you adjust for that and normalize for that, our internal growth in local currencies, were 6% and included 4.6% growth in North America. This would be the last quarter for this normalizing adjustment in technology since that shift is now annualized. We continue to repurchase common stock in the open market during the quarter specifically we repurchased 595,000 shares at an average of $124 per share, approximately $74 million. The impact of these repurchases in the fourth quarter was not material to our EPS. And looking forward, we still have $300 million available for 2015, repurchases and for 2014 we did achieve our stated goal of repurchasing about $300 million for the year. If you look at our balance sheet and cash flow, we had strong operating cash flow for the quarter, $274 million which is substantially the same as the $274.6 million last year. Our operating cash flow for the year was $592.5 million and free cash flow was $510.4 million. Again, we’re pleased that we exceeded our goals related to cash flow and free cash flow for the year. Looking at accounts receivables days outstanding, really not much changed there, we improved a little bit from 40 days last year to 39.9 days. And inventory turns were pretty much consistent at 5.9 turns this year versus 6.2 turns last year. Let me conclude my remarks by affirming our 2015 financial guidance, as follows. For 2015, we expect adjusted diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein to be in the range of $5.90 to $6. That represents growth of 8% to 10% compared to our 2014 actual results. The U.S. dollar as I think everyone knows has strengthened. And assuming it stays at its current level, we would expect adjusted EPS to be toward the lower end of the range for the year. Keep in mind that approximately 35% of our sales are based in currencies other than U.S. dollar and primarily the Euro is our largest currency. And we do not hedge against the translation exposure for foreign exchange. I think it’s also important to point out that we expect adjusted EPS growth to accelerate during the year. This is typical for us as we typically make investments at the beginning of the year that will pay off later in the year. And this acceleration reflects continued leveraging of our infrastructure and controlling of expenses, as well as realizing efficiencies from recently acquired acquisitions. The 2015 guidance excludes restructuring costs related to a planned corporate initiative to rationalize some of the company’s operations and provide significant expense efficiencies. We believe it’s important to reduce our cost structure so we can invest further in new initiatives to drive future long-term growth. This initiative is expected to continue throughout 2015 and the costs are estimated at between $35 million and $40 million pre-tax or $0.29 to $0.33 per diluted share. As always, our guidance is to continuing operations as well as completed or previously announced acquisitions but does not include the impact of any future acquisitions. Let me now turn the call back to Stan.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much, Steven. So, let’s begin a discussion on our four business groups with Dental. In North America, internal consumable merchandise sales growth in local currencies remained strong at nearly 5%. Equipment sales and service revenue as Steven noted, declined in North America, due to the issues surrounding the timing of tax incentives in 2014 that Steve mentioned. We of course had a lot of purchases in the fourth quarter of 2013 that were driven by the large amount of accelerated depreciation that was available to customers. And of course, advising customers on December 19 that was now available for a window of 10 days or so, was just not practical to have, and had no real impact. Our International Dental growth was solid for both consumable merchandise and for the equipment side, with internal growth bolstered by strategic acquisitions made earlier in the year, especially on the Dental equipment side. In early January, we announced that during the year’s second quarter, we will be expanding our Dental equipment product offering in North America by adding the tag-line of A-dec equipment. Our commitment to our dental customers has always been to provide the widest possible selection of products equipment and value added services to create customized solutions that meet our customer’s needs. Products from A-dec along with those from our other valued equipment supplier partners, firm this commitment by providing greater access to the broadest range of Dental equipment from industry leaders. Let me just confirm that, we will only be adding A-dec line around the middle of the second quarter. We also recently announced the Acquisition of ADS Florida, which is one of the largest Dental Practice Transition and Brokerage Company serving the State of Florida. Although this transaction represents only a few million dollars in revenue, it is very important strategically for several reasons. It expands the geographic reach of our practice transitions offering to dental practice owners looking to buy a cell their practices to build upon, and builds upon last year’s acquisition of the Maddox Practice Group in California. This transaction also adds to our practice transitions footprint, a large market where the dental industry is flourishing and incorporates ADS into the professional practice transitions group of Henry Schein Financial Services. Our goal is not only to provide national coverage on brokerage services, which I think we by in large had but to add depth in key markets around the country. And although these acquisitions are not huge from a capital commitment point of view, they are adding a strategic importance to the Henry Schein value-added service offering such that we can now help put a practitioner into practice, and when the practitioner is ready to sell the practice, help the practitioner exit. So, overall, on the animal, on the Dental side, we are comfortable, more than comfortable actually quite happy with the progress we’ve made. We have an outstanding management team across the board. We’ve added to that, we’ve added young people to the team as well. And we believe that we are on the solid footing to execute on our major strategies there ranging from advancing our specialty business to our practice management software business and of course most importantly to advancing the digitalization of prosthetics on a global basis. So, overall, happy with the animal health -- with the Dental business, now let me turn the animal health business for a few minutes. With sales growth in the fourth quarter featured double-digit gains in local currencies in North America, and international with international internal sales growth in local currencies at a multiyear high. Internationally we saw particular strength in the U.K. as well as Australia, the Netherlands and Belgium. We currently, we recently expanded our animal health equipment capabilities with additional capabilities and capacities, and particularly through the recent announced acquisition of scil animal care. Scil will bring to Henry Schein new value-added services offering while deepening our relationship with veterinary practices in the technical -- from a technical point of view in the equipment area specifically, and of course the software area too building on our installed base of practice management software which we believe is the largest installed base of its kind. The Scil animal health professionals will enhance the equipment sales and support capabilities of our animal health business, representing our key supplier partners and introducing veterinaries the important diagnostic options. We believe strongly that diagnostics are critical elements to help veterinarians provide high quality care and increased practice revenue. We furthermore believe this will significantly -- that Scil will significantly expand our diagnostic products category. Not only do we have a very good offering of diagnostic equipment but it’s a value-added service on the connection between the value-added services and our practice management software and the electronic medical records that is so important. And Scil will add a very, very important element connecting the hardware and the software. And enable us to gain market share for our animal health diagnostic partners which of course include amongst others Abaxis and Heska but there are others as well. But these are the cornerstones in our mould. And of course the Scil software and the professional’s knowledge will tighten the ability of Abaxis, Heska and others to work with Henry Schein. We are pleased with our progress to date in representing the product lines from both of these companies. Let me remind our investors that we really only added these lines towards the end of the fourth quarter and are now up and running with our suppliers in the diagnostic space. Scil hasn’t closed yet but will close soon. And once this is done, we will really have very good momentum in the equipment of diagnostic space as well as the software space. Scil is based in Germany. Self-services and supports, laboratories and imaging diagnostic product and services to veterinarians of course in Germany but in the United States, in Canada, France, Italy, Netherlands and Spain with a distribution presence in 25 additional countries. With the skill we are adding Canada and Italy to the list of countries where Henry Schein animal health service veterinarians, we also are gaining more than 200 employees including 32 veterinarians. And I would like to stress this, 32 veterinarians, of course 26 equipment specialists and more than 70 sales representatives. Scil had sales for the 12 months ended September 30, 2014 of approximately $17 million. We do expect this transaction to close in the second quarter of 2015. Of course subject to standard regulatory approval but we don’t expect any real concerns over here. The sales are not hugely material from a Henry Schein corporate point of view but the know-how knowledge of the Scil Group together with the know-how knowledge of the Henry Schein group not only in the animal health space but generally in the equipment space in medical and of course dental will put us in an excellent position to advance our sales in this regard. At the 2015 North American Veterinary Conference in late January, we showcased the choices we offer veterinarians in diagnostics from software to equipment to business solutions. We introduced a new software product called Axis-Q, a biodirectional important - biodirectional integrated solution that improves workflow and reduces miss-patient charges. Axis-Q operates between the practice management software such as important -- such as the important offering of software that we offer such as AVImark, Infinity and Triple Crown, and the clinics’ Abaxis and Heska diagnostic equipment. Axis-Q automates the workflow of diagnostic tests so the clinician does not have to manually input codes. And it automatically returns the results to the electronic medical record. Feedback from the show was very positive. We worked on the system rather rapidly. And you can expect a lot more features and functions to be unfolded in the near future. We are committed to the practice management arena in animal health as internal software, electronic medical records, counting systems on the cornerstone. But what differentiates Henry Schein in the dental space, the physician space is the ability to offer a complete integrated system integrating key machinery, diagnostic, other equipment in the office and software in the office to our software. We will now further advance this in the animal health space as well. We expect to formally launch Axis-Q in the second quarter of 2015. Let me now turn to the medical group. Medical sales growth accelerated in the fourth quarter compared with the third. And while it’s a multiyear high, as we made continued progress with large group practices and IDNs, the integrated delivery networks. This progress will be significantly enhanced under our strategic agreement with Cardinal Health. The agreement is designed to provide one of the most comprehensive service and product offerings to office-based medical practitioners. As we announced in late November, the agreement combines Cardinal Health’s product-line and extensive touch-points across the healthcare system with our outstanding service capabilities and our history of servicing the office-based practice. And when we talk about the office-based practice, we’re not talking only of the independent or the large group practices, but we’re talking about the practices owned by IDNs we have shown a track record now of being in a position to deliver outstanding service. Together with Cardinal, we believe we will deliver to our integrated network customers, the IDN customers and individual physicians, small practices and multi-specialty, solo-specialty practices, vastly improved efficiency, wider breadth of product, world-class service and a value for the ultimate benefit of the patient. In essence, there are three components of this new agreement. First, we acquired Cardinal’s physician office focused commercial organization and will integrate it into Henry Schein’s medical business. This will add more than 25,000 physician office locations and more than $300 million in revenue to our medical business and will be slightly accretive to 2015 earnings. Of course the second component includes a multiyear supply agreement where Henry Schein will purchase Cardinal branded products and utilize Cardinal Health as a source for various other medical products. We view this as a real win-win relationship as we expect to have lower or comparable pricing on a wide range of products. And of course Cardinal also benefit from increasing their sales into the sector through our focused approach. And then there is the third component of the agreement. We are excited about providing a unique combined solution to integrated delivery networks. The timing is ideal as IDN seek to improve the coordination of care, increase efficiency and drive consistency and standardization across their networks. Of note, more than half of the U.S. physician practices interact with an IDN and that percentage of course continues to increase. The cooperation to date between Henry Schein and Cardinal Health has been excellent. And the teams are really off to a great start. We are working to transition customers and the sales team and expect to complete the integration of this business towards the end of the second quarter. At that time we look forward to welcoming more than 200 Cardinal Health employees to team Schein, we will keep you apprised of course of the progress of this strategic alliance on future calls. So, I think you get a sense for how much progress it made in our three verticals, dental, medical, animal health. This progress was really all chartered out in our strategic plan, the last few strategic plans. But I believe we’ve made terrific progress in the 2012 to ‘14 plan to advance the needs and the market share and the profitability of these three global verticals. As investors are aware, we have a horizontal as well and that’s in the technology and value-added services arena. We’re also delighted to report that our internal international technology of value-added services sales growth and local currencies grew by double-digits for the eight-consecutive quarter. The growth rate more than doubled when including the impact of strategic acquisitions. Of course this is a business that has some good sales but more importantly good profits. But what is more important here is the stickiness and the value added service that we provide to our customers such that it keeps our customers bound to us when they view us, this is our competition. And the options are driven the answers to that, the options are driven towards us as people understand, as our customers understand our value-added services specifically around the technology and value-added services group. We believe that equipment financing as well as lower software sales in North America were both negatively impacted by the late reinstatement of tax incentives in the U.S. Having said that, our reoccurring revenue continues to grow and this is a great, great business for us. So, before taking questions, Steven and I, I’d like to reflect back a moment on a few highlights of the year from overall point of view. We are extremely pleased to have met and even exceeded many significant goals while advancing our strategic plan. We reported diluted earnings per share for the year of $5.44, which exceeded the top of our EPS guidance range established in November of 2013 by $0.05 per diluted share. We achieved operating cash flow of close to $600 million and free cash flow of over $500 million both well in excess of net income. So it’s not only good enough to have good earnings per share on accrual basis, but it is important to turn that accrual based earnings into cash flow which we have done now for several years. And we also repurchased about $300 million of stock which is aligned with our stated annual goal. And we also entered three new geographies during this period, three critical markets, Japan, Brazil and Poland. And that was on the heels of entering the South Africa market just before the beginning of the year. We became a significant participant in the U.S. equine market via an acquisition and enhanced domestic group via the strategic transaction of Cardinal as we discussed. We strengthened our corporate governance with two appointments of outstanding Board of Directors members, Dianne Rekow, the Dean of King’s College and formerly of NYU is a materials expert and an orthodontic expert and Dr. Larry Bacow, former president of Tufts University, who also serves on several other boards. And these are just simply outstanding directors. Our commitment to advance in technology and of course the digital dental office was evidenced by opening our new headquarters for our domestic dental practice solutions business and hosting the first international symposium on digital dentistry. We are of course undertaking similar activities in Europe, invested in terrific new facility in the U.K. with similar kinds of capabilities to the one we now have in Utah. And lastly, we received a number of awards and recognitions including being named the Fortune Magazine’s list of world’s most admired companies, being named among the year’s most ethical companies but it is an institute and climbing a few notches of the Fortune 500 list of America’s largest companies. During the last quarter call, I discussed some of the key pillars of our 2015 to ‘17 strategic plan. These most recent accomplishments from 2014 were an excellent foundation for us to go into the 2015 plans. We have our priorities lined up as we always do. We will focus on them but we will remain nimble enough to take advantage of additional opportunities that come our way. But we as we have been for years, actually foundation of the company’s and our history is to be a very focused company. We know what we have to do over the next three years, particularly as it relates to new product categories, more product exclusives, new geographies, enhanced margins of course, very important, new clients, specialty customers, new technology solutions and above all in 2015 it’s about human capital talent investment, management. And you can be sure that team Schein is focused on this great succession at all levels of the company. So, with that overview of our quarterly financial and operating performance and the summary of the year, I’d like to thank you for your attention this morning. For those that are our investors thank you for your confidence. And we’re open for questions.
Carolynne Borders: Natalya, we’d like to start taking questions please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Bob Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Jones: Great, thanks for the questions. I guess if there was a soft spot in the quarter, you guys called out dental equipment, and I understand you believe that a lot of that was from Section 179 and the timing there. Any sense you could give us on what you would have expected to see in equipment had it not been for that change in timing? And then, maybe more helpful even than that, could you maybe just talk about what you are seeing in your equipment backlog as we move into year 2015?
Steven Paladino: Sure, Bob. On the first part of your question, I don’t know if I want to give a specific number because it’s really difficult to quantify what customers would have bought because of tax incentives that ultimately didn’t buy. But we certainly believe we would have had good growth, if I peel the onion on the equipment categories in North America, I think it’s important to note that our CAD/CAM sales growth was strong, traditional equipment was down a little bit but not as much as the overall category. And really I think people, on some of the discretionary digital solutions that’s really where we saw people hold back. In my opinion a lot of that really is timing that people would have accelerated their purchases in Q4. They will ultimately buy some time in 2015 not necessarily in Q1 but sometime in 2015. Right now the tax incentives, the way that U.S. government did it, they reinstated them December 19, but the re-expired on January 1, 2015. So, no one knows whether they’ll reinstate them again and at what time. But right now they are the tax incentives are only at the $25,000 level. The second part of your question really, again, I gave color on the components, I’m not sure there is a lot more to add there other than, again, we feel like with the addition of additional equipment lines, including A-dec, we feel like we’re going to have a good equipment year in 2015. And I think most people realize that the consumables sales growth which was strong just under 5% really is a better indicator of how the market is doing than this one quarter of equipment sales.
Bob Jones: That’s very helpful, Steve. I guess just switching gears to medical, I believe the guidance that you are reaffirming today was actually given prior to the Cardinal announcement, so as we think about the ramp of the expected synergies and savings from that arrangement, which I know -- I think is expected to close in 2Q, anything you can add just as part of how we should think about how additive that deal could be in your 2015?
Steven Paladino: Yes. So, we did say at the time of the announcement it was slightly accretive. That’s somewhere, couple of pennies or so of accretion for 2015. Remember that’s net of all integration costs and one-time costs. So we’re not expecting to complete the integration until Q2. So, really in Q1 there is really mostly expenses and not a lot of benefit. So, it is slightly accretive but we do expect increased accretion. And really we’re being very conservative on the potential for procurement and buying at better prices because we really don’t know the impact of that yet, so that could be an additional upside on certain products. Obviously we would think that Cardinal Health buys at better prices than we could do on our own, especially on the pharma side. So, hopefully that will be benefit. But it’s too early really to quantify what that benefit will be.
Bob Jones: Okay, got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse.
Glen Santangelo: Hi guys, thanks for taking the question. Steve, I just wanted to follow-up on the medical segment. I mean, you obviously reported some decent organic growth in there, but could you maybe talk about the Cardinal revenues that you booked? You booked them on an agency basis. How should we think about that transition and when you’ll book them as regular revenues? And were there any incremental revenues that augmented that internal number or did that fall at acquisition, how do I think about all that?
Steven Paladino: Okay, yes, Glen, good question. So, because right now, Cardinal is continuing to service customers they are taking orders, they are shipping, they’re billing, they’re collecting, they’re really doing all of the functions until integration. U.S. GAAP doesn’t allow us to record that revenue gross with all of the expenses. So we get a fee based on sales from Cardinal which is designed to represent the estimated profitability of those sales that they’re collecting on our behalf. And that number is what we included in the acquisition growth. So, the organic growth does not include any impact from the Cardinal agency fee that we are receiving, once integrated, so sometime during Q2 is the plan. We’ll shift over to having those sales fulfilled through our distribution network and we’ll be taking the orders and doing all of the traditional distribution work. And at that time we’ll record the gross revenues again which should be north of $300 million on a full-year basis going forward.
Glen Santangelo: All right, that’s helpful. Stan, maybe if I can just follow-up with you on what you are seeing on the M&A landscape, essentially, there was a pretty interesting animal health deal announced in the sector with one of your, obviously, closest competitors being acquired here recently. Your closest dental competitor has made inroads across the pond on the animal health side as well. And so, are you starting to see any changes in the competitive landscape as some of these other companies maybe start to look more globally from a competitive perspective, any rise in prices or anything we should be aware of?
Stanley Bergman: No, I don’t think our competitors changes in ownership or expansion of broad or impact much. Our pipeline on acquisitions is as full as ever, which we could close all the deals in the pipeline, it’s not a matter of capital it’s a matter of capacity because integrations are something that goes along with every acquisition. So we don’t have an issue finding acquisitions, I think we will have no issue in putting the capital to work that we’ve outlined. I think something like, certainly between 45% and 50% of our cash flow will go into acquisitions. We will continue with our formula of accretive acquisitions. And in fact, I think we’re on a better position today to make acquisitions than ever before. Our track record is outstanding for keeping management where we make commitments upfront. Our suppliers are generally supportive of us because they’ve seen us enter markets and not disrupt markets. But in fact add to the distribution capability and the value added services in the market which generally gets better after we enter from the competitive landscape point of view. So, I don’t think there is any issue from that point of view. We have no problem in keeping the pipeline full. We will expand our geographic presence in our dental and our animal health business. We will probably do that in medical again, at some point but we want to get the Cardinal integration behind us. That’s a big opportunity, we have the right to sell the Cardinal products abroad and we will do that. And I think you’ll see us adding much more in the value added service area, continues to be important to us across the board, all countries. And of course the specialty area, there is lots and lots of opportunity. Meanwhile we’ve become an important player in the specialty only products we’re always an important player in selling general products equipment consumables to specialists. But it was the specialty products, the implants, and the bone regeneration, the wires and brackets and related products and the endodontic type specific products we are doing well growing that throughout the world inorganically and of course organically. So, I don’t think we have any issue in continuing to expand and I don’t think we’ll be paying a penny more than we used to pay. We have a very good reputation in this area and very good integrating businesses once we acquire them.
Glen Santangelo: Okay, thanks for the details.
Operator: Next question is from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger: Hi, thanks very much. Stan, towards the end of your remarks, you listed off some of the newer countries that you’ve entered in recent years. Can you just expand a little bit upon how that portfolio, of countries are doing? Are they generating higher levels of growth than your more mature markets? How does the profitability in that portfolio compare to your more mature markets? And should we expect more of these types of entries as we move through ‘15?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. First of all that’s a very good question, John. It’s something that’s very important for us. It’s clear that Asia and the developing world are growing at a much faster rate than the developed world and certainly faster than Europe. So, and that there is a big market, there is at least a third of the world’s dental business that’s available in these developing world markets/Asia. And of course Japan is not a developing, or Korea is not a developing world country. So, we continue to expect to increase our presence. Having said that at the moment it’s relatively small, and the entry into Japanese market for example is not a consolidated entry acquisition nor is the one in Brazil, nor is the one in South Africa. We are doing well in all of these businesses, but they’re not material. China, we are not material, we are growing but it’s not profitable, the others are all profitable. And Thailand is profitable although there was an issue for a couple of quarters because of the coup. But I think it’s quite balanced today. We think we’re going to have is from an economic point of view things are looking better. So, overall, I think these markets are all markets that are growing faster on even if you take into account some of the losses in China where it was, have a team much bigger than we need much more sophisticated team and outstanding team actually. We believe we have the best professional team in China or anyone really in our space. So, overall I think you’ll see that from a profitability point of view it’s pretty good. We’re particularly pleased by the way with Brazil, where our growth is really fantastic and South Africa too. And so, I would say that these are opportunities that are doing very well for us, except for China which is growing nicely on the top line but at this stage still requiring quite a bit of an investment.
John Kreger: Great, thank you. Then, similar question on your dental chain business how is that going versus dental overall? And should we view that as being additive to margins over time or maybe a little bit below the average?
Stanley Bergman: Yes. First of all, our corporate accounts business not only in this country in the U.S. but throughout the world is growing. And it’s gaining a greater market share of our total business, number one. Number two, it’s not dilutive to our general gross profit because there is, this is incremental business. We don’t need to put new catalogues. We have a different compensation structure for our team. It’s quite complex because of the very large accounts, we don’t really pay commission. It’s a customer service type bonus. But in for the mid-mark and for the middle market customers we do have compensation but it is modified. So, overall its profitable business. These customers are working with us to advance the purchases with specific manufacturers that are interested in this sector and supporting us. So, overall this is not dilutive to our gross margin - operating margin sorry, thank you Steven. But I wouldn’t want to go beyond that for competitive reasons. But this is good business for us. And we have a real good market share.
John Kreger: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you, good morning guys. I wanted to start maybe on the A-dec news from a few weeks ago. Steve or Stanley, how do we think about that as far as the incremental impact this year? We’ve talked in a couple of our notes about some low-hanging fruit we believe you will be able to capitalize on in the near term here once that contract goes live. But the basic equipment market growth as a whole market probably doesn’t change a whole lot. So, do you lose a little bit somewhere else or do you take share this year because of A-dec? How should we just think about the pie versus your part of that pie this year with A-dec in there?
Stanley Bergman: Yes, it’s a very good question. The goal here obviously is try to expand the market a bit, which I think we can because we have customers that have older units of A-dec chairs that like to replace them. And they don’t replace them necessarily with another brand, so that’s a good place to start. But our goal is not to be disruptive in the marketplace because we are in the sort of long-rule. There are certain customers that the A-dec line naturally fits in with. And there are customers that are happy with the products we’ve been offering. Our goal is to expand the A-dec business together with ours. But at the same time not in any way distract from our loyal suppliers over the years. So, we will go carefully, I think A-dec is aware of this. And we hope to add to the marketplace in general, the A-dec chairs are slightly more expensive than chairs that we have been offering today. Overall, we think we have an outstanding offering A-dec adds to that. But we also believe that the offering we have from our existing suppliers is a good one, it’s been an outstanding one. It allows us to become a very significant player in the equipment business. In fact, we believe we’re the largest provider of equipment in the world, general equipment. So we just have to be careful not to disrupt the market and make sure that we’re additive. And I think that over time we will do well for A-dec as well as for our existing suppliers and more importantly for our customers and our sales team.
Jeff Johnson: Great, that’s helpful. Thank you, Stanley. And then, Steve, just as my follow-up, the A-dec is maybe slightly, the A-dec deal may be slightly accretive this year or additive this year, Cardinal obviously. But what I haven’t heard is how much currency since you last provided guidance, maybe how much do you think currency is going to take from the year relative to the last time you provided guidance or the first time you provided guidance back last quarter, and even on a year-over-year basis if you can kind of give us the total impact you’d expect from currencies?
Steven Paladino: Sure, Jeff. So when we issued guidance and I’ll just focus on the dollar to the Euro because that’s our major currency although, now there was a little bit of impact on some of the other currencies too. But Euro to the dollar was a $1.24 when we issued guidance. Right now as of yesterday or today, it’s probably $1.13. So, assuming that the $1.13 stays for the entire year which I’m not sure is it good or bad assumption but we have to start with an assumption. That would have anywhere versus our previous guidance, anywhere between $0.08 to $0.10 EPS impact. And that’s why on the conference call we said while we’re still comfortable with our range, we’re really at this point saying the lower end of the range. Yes, there are a few offsets Cardinal is a little bit of an offset. Actually fuel prices are a little bit of an offset to it also but not significant. And again, we don’t know which way fuel prices are going to go over the next 8 or 9 months. But I think we still feel like achieving our full year guidance is very doable. And obviously if the dollar continues to strengthen, we’ll look to see if we can continue to achieve the guidance by doing some other activities or not. But again it’s so hard to predict and I really don’t want to predict but I think the full year impact will be, because I think it’s too difficult and there are too many variables.
Jeff Johnson: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Stanley Bergman: Jeff, I think Steven’s view is quite correct. It’s much too early in the year to change guidance. And we have to remember that on the one side our earnings don’t translate any U.S. dollars and European earnings as before. On the other hand, we’re hopeful that because of a low Euro, we will see a stimulation of the economies in Europe. That will happen right away, but I think my sense is having spent some time in Europe now, in the last couple of weeks, last month or so that we will seize some recovery in some of the markets in Europe from an export point of view which then in the end, trickles into some of our business. So, I think and at the same time, if Euro stays low, our imports or products go down in price, not only in terms of products from Europe but also from Asia. So, it’s much too early and I think Steven is correct to signal lower end but there is so many variables that can move in a positive direction as well. So, but it’s much too early to go much further than that.
Jeff Johnson: Understood, thank you.
Operator: Your final question is from the line of John Block with Stifel.
Jon Block: Great, thanks. Good morning. I’ve got one dental and one vet. Maybe I will start with vet. The North American vet internal number was certainly solid, but it was a slight step down from the 3Q levels and we are hearing through the market, overall market remains pretty strong. So was that North American number hit a little bit as you terminated the IDEXX deal before year-end? And then, can you also comment on your experience in the early days trying to convert IDEXX accounts to either Abaxis or Heska? And then I’ve got a follow-up on dental. Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: So, I don’t know exactly the impact. I’m sure Steve would be happy to get back to you on IDEXX on our fourth quarter 2014 versus ‘13. But clearly it was distraction as it was to others in the marketplace. I don’t know whether this quarter is indicative of the trends or not, but I will tell you that our animal health business is solid. We will do well in the diagnostic field I’m quite convinced about that. We’ve had this type of issues so many times in our history. And we’ve always come out in the end quite strong, to welcome wake-up call because I think you will see us investing much heavier in our software businesses. And so we will move towards despite bidirectional integration that improves the quality of our systems. The use of the system shall we say. And I think overall in the end, Henry Schein will be a better investment for our shareholders from this point of view. So, I will say that also then I think you’ve seen this from others who have reported traffic into the animal health space is okay. It’s a great market we’re seeing lots of capital coming into this market. And we remain very bullish we’ve invested heavily from a management point of view in Europe and Australia and New Zealand. Our CEO of animal health business in the U.S. retired, he’s still a consultant to the company. We’ve replaced Kevin with an outstanding new president, who’s presiding over an outstanding team. So, we remain extremely excited about the third leg to Henry Schein that we added really about four or five years ago in a material way. It’s a great investment. And you’ll see us making more investments not only on expanding our distribution but in value-added services and in advancing unique products in this area. A great market and I think we should have, it’s hard to give you precise numbers but we should have a very good 2015 in the animal health space.
Jon Block: Okay. And then the dental is two parts. Stanley, the first one is for you. About a year ago, I think it was around then, you laid out what looked like some aggressive goals to move from sort of one out of every three new North American CAD/CAM users to one out of every two. How are you tracking against that now nine or 12 months later? And then, Steven, to an earlier question, I just want to make sure I’m thinking about this correctly. If I estimate about a $40 million shortfall in North American dental equipment because of the 179 delay, we should view that largely as a pickup from 4Q ‘14 to 4Q ‘15 as those accounts await the reimplementation of 179, rather than trickling in throughout 2015? Thanks, guys, for your time.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. So, it’s hard to give you in one quarter whether we are at 50% or a third of the new systems. What I can tell you is that we’re continuing to do well in CAD/CAM in the U.S., in Canada, in other markets where we have E4D, and in the markets where we have CEREC, we’re doing well. And our global category or CAD/CAM the hardware, the entry devices, the materials is doing well and is growing. We have a team in place it’s been in place for four years now. And really are doing very, very well. So, I think this category is probably the -- at least from the big categories, the fastest growing category. I believe that overall we’re doing quite well. But in fact we’re gaining market-share globally. But to give you precise number of new units sold in the fourth quarter versus what our competitors sold, or competitors with similar influence, it’s very hard to tell. We’ll track that in a much longer period of time.
Steven Paladino: Yes, I’ll pick up on the second part of your question, John. But I’ll add to Stanley’s first part. Q4 I think when you look at how much market share we grew on CAD/CAM, because of the reduced sales were tax incentives, I don’t know if it’s really indicative. But while saying that, we still had something in the high-teens sales growth in CAD/CAM in North America. So we still had very strong growth, probably it would have been a lot stronger if the tax incentives were available. But they just weren’t. With respect to the second part of your question, if nothing changes from where we are, we’ll kind of have a normal year I believe for equipment because we did not get pull-forward in 2014, in Q4 2014 from 2015. And if nothing changes, the tax incentives aren’t increased, we probably won’t get much pull-forward in at the end of 2015 pulling forward from 2016. So it would be kind of a normal year, which would be good I think. We’re still hopeful and I think there is, still possibilities that the tax incentives could be reinstated at some point. But right now we have to go with whatever the tax logos that exist. And it’s only for the first $25,000 of capital expenditures, which is a relatively small amount. As you know CAD/CAM is over $100,000, a lot of other equipment is expensive. So without that tax incentive, it doesn’t give people the incentive to buy now and they’ll still buy but they’ll buy in due course rather than trying to accelerate it. So, hopefully that answers your question.
Jon Block: It does. Thanks for your time guys.
Steven Paladino: Okay.
Stanley Bergman: So, thank you all for your interest. The questions actually were as usual very good. If you have additional questions, please feel free to call Steven Paladino or Carolynne Borders at 631-843-5500 and the operator would put you through. And so, as we finish off the reporting for 2014 and go into 2015, we are extremely excited as a company. There is so much going on and we just have an outstanding team. Our brand is doing well in the marketplace and we’re excited to be implementing our strategies for the, in connection with 2015 - 2017 Strat Plan, I think it’s well thought out. The team is galvanized behind it. And we’re excited going forward. Thank you for calling in. And I guess we speak to you in six days’ time. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s Henry Schein fourth quarter conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Vice President of Investor Relations Stanley M. Bergman - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Executive Director
Analysts: Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein third quarter conference call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, Chantal, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the third quarter of 2014. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, November 6, 2014. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. [Operator Instructions] With that, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Carol. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our third quarter financial results were excellent. And I'm delighted to report we gained market share in our 4 business groups. In fact, each group posted strong sales growth both in North America as well as internationally. So our gains were broad-based, and again, I would like to thank the team for doing such a good job. Growth in net sales for the quarter was at the highest level we reported in more than 3 years. And looking at the important metric of internal growth -- internal sales growth in local currencies, that figure was at a 7-year high. So we really are pleased with the performance this quarter. Today, we are also pleased to be raising the low end of the 2014 financial guidance, while introducing guidance for 2015 diluted EPS that represents growth in the range of 10% to 12%. In a moment, I'll provide some additional commentary on our performance and a couple of recently announced developments. But first, Steven will review our quarterly financial results. So Steven, please provide the details.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to all. I'm also very pleased to report excellent results for the third quarter of 2014. As we begin, I'd like to note that the prior year results for the third quarter included certain onetime items that have a net positive impact on our GAAP results of $0.01 per diluted share. And when we exclude those items from our commentary in order to provide better analytics, we'll refer to non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP EPS. So turning to our Q3 results. Our net sales for the quarter ended September 27, 2014, were $2.6 billion, reflecting an 11.7% increase compared with the third quarter of 2013. This consisted of 10.9% growth in local currencies and 0.8% growth related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internally generated sales increased 6.4%, and acquisition growth contributed an additional 4.5%. You could find all of the details on our sales growth contained in Exhibit A of our earnings news release that was issued earlier this morning. Our operating margin for the third quarter of 2014 was 6.6%. That's a decline of 20 basis points compared with the prior year. However, when excluding the impact of acquisitions completed during the past 12 months and related expenses, our operating margin was essentially unchanged or flat compared to the prior year. We look at our effective tax rate for the quarter, it was 30.0%, and that compares slightly down from 30.1% in the third quarter of 2013. Note that, that excludes the benefit -- the onetime benefit of the overseas tax adjustment in the prior year. The lower tax rate is due to continued implementation of tax planning strategies as well as higher earnings in countries with lower corporate tax rates. We expect fourth quarter effective tax rate to be similar in that 30% range for fourth quarter. Our net income attributable to Henry Schein for the third quarter was $114.8 million or $1.34 per diluted share. This represents growth of 7.8% and 9.8%, respectively, compared with the third quarter of 2013 on a non-GAAP basis. Again, you could see details to this on Exhibit B of our news release that was issued this morning. Foreign currency exchange rates did not have any material impact on EPS for us during the quarter. In fact, the rates were relatively consistent for the Q3 last year on an average basis versus Q3 this year. Let me now provide some detail on sales results for the third quarter. Dental sales for the third quarter of 2014 increased 9.7% to $1.3 billion. This 9.7% growth consisted of 9.4% growth in local currencies and a 0.3% gain related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, the internally generated sales growth was 4.8%, and acquisition growth contributed an additional 4.6%, and that's primarily related to the BioHorizons acquisition and the Arseus acquisition. If we look at that 4.8% internal growth in local currencies, 5.5% was in North America and 3.7% was in International Dental sales. I'll give you now some additional detail behind each of the North American and International numbers. The 5.5% internal growth in local currencies for North America included 5.6% growth in Dental consumable merchandise and 5.2% growth in Dental equipment sales and service revenues. The 3.7% constant currency internal growth in International consisted of 3.2% growth in Dental consumable merchandise and 4.9% growth in Dental equipment sales and service revenue. So you can see both domestically and internationally on consumables and equipment, we had very strong sales growth across the board. Animal Health sales were $758 million in the third quarter, which was an increase of 18%. This included growth of 15.9% in local currencies and 2.1% related to foreign currency exchange. Our internal sales in constant currencies grew 8.1%, and acquisitions contributed an additional 7.8%, and that's primarily related to the SmartPak acquisition in the United States and Medivet in Poland. Of that 8.1% internal growth in local currencies, North America contributed 10.9% growth and International contributed 5.6% growth. We still have the normalizing impact in the U.S. Animal Health business. And if you normalize for the impact of certain products switching from agency sales to standard sales, our North American sales growth was slightly less than the reported sales growth and was 9.6%, still a very strong number. Medical sales were $480.3 million in the third quarter, an increase of 8.0%. Foreign exchange did not have any impact on our sales growth for the quarter. And the sales growth was pretty consistent with 8% growth in North America and 8.1% growth internationally, both in constant currencies. We did have good sales of the seasonal influenza vaccines that we sell. For the quarter, we sold $62 million. That compares to $52 million in the prior year's third quarter. That's about 6.8 million doses of flu vaccine that we sold. And through yesterday, we have sold approximately or just about 9 million doses, which represents essentially all of the season's supply. If you exclude sales of flu vaccines from both periods, we still have very strong medical sales growth for the quarter, and that growth was 6.8% and 6.7% in constant currencies. So we continue to remain confident that our strategy of focusing on large group practices continue to result in market share gains. If you look at Technology and Value-Added sales, they were $87.1 million for the quarter, which was an increase of 10.4%. That includes 9.5% growth in local currencies and 0.9% growth related to foreign exchange. And the internal growth of that constant currency growth was 6.5%; and acquisition, an additional 3%. If we break out between North America and International, that 6.5% constant currency internal growth was 5.4% in North America and 13.4% internationally. Remember that we also have a normalization adjustment related to a switch of a dental software product to agency sales. This occurred at the beginning of the first quarter, so we'll annualize by the end of this year. But if you adjust for that, the normalized sales growth in North America was 11.4% in our Technology and Value-Added Services business. So we're very pleased with this double-digit normalized sales growth in Technology, and we saw particular strength both in new software sales and financial services. We continue to repurchase common stock in the open market during the quarter. Specifically, we repurchased 633,000 shares at an average price of $118.32, which translated to approximately $75 million of purchase price. This current repurchase of shares in the third quarter was not material to our EPS. At the close of the quarter, we have about $74 million remaining authorized on our share repurchase program. And we remain committed to our goal of somewhere between $200 million and $300 million of stock repurchases for the full calendar year 2014. If you look at our balance sheet and cash flow, we had very strong cash flow for the quarter, $174.5 million, up from $152.8 million last year. We believe we'll continue to get good strength -- strong cash flow in the fourth quarter. Some metrics on our working capital. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding was 41.2 days, which is a slight improvement over the 41.6 days last year. And inventory turns were relatively constant, 6.0 turns in the current year, down a little bit from the 6.2 turns in the prior year's quarter. I'll also point out that as we previously announced, we have taken advantage of some favorable market conditions in the credit markets and we extended several of our credit facilities at attractive rates. So this, in combination with our strong cash flow, provides us with additional flexibility to take advantage of both acquisition as well as share repurchase opportunities and any other corporate opportunities that may arise. So we feel these facilities will continue to support our long-term internal and acquisition growth and continue to maintain a strong capital structure. So I'll conclude my remarks by discussing our 2014 and '15 financial guidance. For 2014, we are again raising the low end of our guidance range and now expect diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. to be in the range of $5.36 to $5.39. On a full year basis, this represents growth of 8% to 9% versus the prior year, which excludes certain onetime items and compares to the previously issued guidance, which the low end of the range was $5.33. So we raised the low end of the range by $0.03 per share. And as always, our guidance is for continuing operations as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions, but not any potential future acquisitions. Turning to next year. We did introduce 2015 financial guidance as follows: we expect diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein to be in the range of $5.90 to $6 per share. That represents 10% to 12% growth compared with the midpoint of our newly issued 2014 guidance. I think it's important to note that the 2015 guidance excludes certain restructuring costs related to a planned cost corporate initiative regarding rationalizing some of the company's operations that will provide significant expense efficiencies. So we believe it's important to reduce some of our cost structure at this time so we can continue to invest in new initiatives to drive future growth going forward. And as you know, Henry Schein has had a history of innovation and change, and this is just another continuation of that theme. We expect that this initiative, although it's still in the planning stage, to continue through most of 2015. And we expect the onetime cost related to this to be in the range of $35 million to $40 million pretax or $0.29 to $0.33 per diluted share. And as we have done in the past, we will show these items as restructuring costs on the face of our P&L. And when we report results, we'll show adjusted EPS excluding that because that's the way our guidance was developed. 2015 guidance, as is all of our guidance again is for continuing operations, but not any future acquisitions or other activities. And I'd also like to point out a couple of things related to our guidance. We have incorporated the continued strength of the U.S. dollar especially versus the euro. As you know, about 20% of our sales are euro-denominated, and we don't hedge any foreign currency translation impact. And of course, given where the euro is today to the dollar, we do expect next year that this will be a headwind and we have incorporated that into our 2015 guidance that we introduced today. So let me now turn the call back over to Stan.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you very much, Steven. I'm sure -- quite sure our investors understand that this is a time of rapid change in the markets that we serve, whether related to health care reform and indeed, the reform of the health care reform that we expect to see with the change in the Senate, demographic shifts or customer consolidation. It is important that we position ourselves as a company to serve our markets through these transitions. Henry Schein has a long history of reinvention, and we know from our experience that companies adapting to market changes are the ones that thrive. As we look back on our 2012 -- January 2012 to 2014, December 2014 strategic plan, which sunsets at the end of this quarter, our accomplishments, we believe, are quite clear. We expanded our operations to 5 new countries. We successfully integrated 30 companies and added more than 2,000 Team Schein Members. We reorganized to align our interests among our 3 global vertical groups. Going into the strategic plan, we were globally or geographically organized. We are now organized into a Dental group, a Global Dental group, a Global Medical group, which is primarily U.S.-based, and a Global Animal Health group with a strong horizontal-factor solutions business, in other words, software business and a strong horizontal Technology business. In addition to the strong vertical Technology business, we have a strong financial services horizontal. Both the practice solutions and the financial services horizontal service 3: Dental; Medical; and Animal Health verticals. This was accomplished during this 3-year period. We expect that our EPS will have grown by 11% on a compounded annual basis over the 2012-'14 period, assuming, of course, the midpoint of our 2014 guidance. We have taken into account the fourth quarter, which is not done yet. By these measures, it has been a very good 3 years, particularly when viewed in the context of challenging global economic times. But we must, of course, continue to look ahead. Our vision continues to focus on helping practitioners improve the efficiency of their practices so that they can focus on providing the best care to their patients. As we enter 2015 and the 2015-2017 strategic planning period, the next period being January 1, 2015 and ending in December 2017, we recognize that we need to optimize our operations in order to fund new initiatives to drive future growth. We believe that the planned restructuring that Steven discussed earlier will provide the impetus to achieve the strategic priorities we have identified for 2015 to 2017. These priorities include: investing in growth opportunities that allow us to enter new product categories, all related to our customer businesses. In other words, we will remain focused on dental, the physician marketplace and the veterinary marketplace and at the same time, we plan on expanding into additional geographic markets. We will work on enhancing operating margin by improved operational inefficiencies and establishing a sustainable optimization process. We will also be identifying and investing in up- and mid-market clients, these are the midsized practices that are rapidly emerging and, of course, the very large practices, through targeted cross-platform products and services. We will be strengthening our competitive position by securing more exclusive products that are a strategic fit. And we will be targeting specialists and practitioners in alternate care settings. Developing new technology solutions as well as other value-added services that improve the customer experience and expand our position in the marketplace will also be a priority and need funding. And finally, we will continue to invest in the development of our #1 asset, Team Schein. I'm confident that we have the right plans in place to lay the foundation for continued business execution, which in turn will allow us to continue to deliver the value that our shareholders have come to expect from Henry Schein. This program that we've had in place, really for decades now and, of course, quite transparent to our investors since we went public exactly 19 years ago, has worked well for us. 3-year strategic plans, realigning our resources, we have done this successfully in all but 1 year when we delayed it because of the 2008 beginning of the recession. But other than that 1 year, we have had this process in place, and it has worked very, very successfully for the company. Before I begin my review on the business groups, I note that there has been some concern recently voiced about the slowing growth in certain European markets and challenges in others. As I'll discuss in a moment, each of our groups has significant overseas presence, namely Dental, Animal Health, the 2 verticals, and of course, Technology, the horizontal. Medical is not that significant in Europe, and we don't have Medical in Asia or Australia, New Zealand. Each supported strong growth from the International operations during the third quarter and indeed for the year. And within International, we've posted steady growth in all of our major European markets. The markets are relatively stable, although a few, like Germany and the U.K., are more in the positive column, and Italy and Spain are more on the negative side, although we think from our point of view, are stable. And France is -- has been a little bit up-and-down. But I think we are well positioned in that market to continue to gain market share. And now let me turn to Dental. We gained market share in our Dental group during the third quarter, with growth of approximately 10% both in North America and International. In addition, internal growth in local currencies was at a multiyear high for North American merchandise, for International Dental as a whole and for the group in its entirety. North America patient traffic in dental offices was quite good, we believe, as reflected by internal merchandise growth in local currency of nearly 6%. I don't think we can conclude from that, that if you adjust for inflation, say, 2%, 2.5%, that the dental market is growing at 3-plus percent from a visitors point of view. But we can't conclude that the visits to dentists is growing and at the same time, Henry Schein is gaining market share in terms of units. Our International Dental results reflect balanced growth between merchandise and equipment, with equipment growth, in particular, bolstered by strategic acquisitions, including the Arseus and Sirona transactions in Europe. We saw particular strength in Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium and Italy. As we continue to expand our global footprint, we were delighted to recently announce our entry into Japan, which is the world's second-largest dental market. With our noncontrolling investment in Iwase Dental Supply, Henry Schein now operates in 28 countries. Iwase is the #3 dental dealer in Japan, primarily services the Tokyo region with dental consumables, implants and equipment. Sales for the year 2013 were about $190 million. Iwase is a family-run business that is led by Kenichiro Iwase, Ken, the third-generation family member to run the company. Mr. Iwase has been named Managing Director of Henry Schein Japan, and under his leadership, we look forward to pursuing additional partnerships in the Japanese market. The model we are following in Japan is similar to all the other markets that we've entered into over the years, where we've always sought top-notch professionals that understand the particular market -- dental, medical, or vet -- and have an entrepreneurial bent and would work well with our senior management. And this is definitely the case with Ken. We are excited about the opportunities in Japan, which has about 68,000 dentists serving a market being fueled by an aging population and, of course, increasing demand for elective procedures. Let me now turn to the Animal Health side, where we also gained market share in this group, with strong internal growth in local currencies bolstered by strategic acquisitions. Internal sales growth in local currencies was at a 7-quarter high for this group. Internationally, we saw particular strength in the U.K., Spain and Austria. During last quarter's call, there was some discussion about the decision of IDEXX Laboratories to change from a distributor sales model to a direct sales model for its veterinary diagnostic instruments in the United States. Recently, we were pleased to announce new strategic relationships with Abaxis and with Heska, whereby Henry Schein Animal Health is now offering great solutions, we believe, and even better solutions to come of a full line of veterinary diagnostic products. Henry Schein is committed to helping our customers run efficient, profitable practices, while delivering high-quality care to our patients who are our customers' patients. Our companion Animal Health business is the largest in North America. And our customers consistently rely on us for a comprehensive line of products and services, including the full range of veterinary diagnostic products such as instruments, consumables and rapid assays. The Abaxis and Heska products we now represent are excellent, and we have just announced these new agreements. And our goal is to increase market share for each of these suppliers and, indeed, for the whole category. This is not the first time we've had to switch from a distributor-friendly or distributor-modeled manufacturer to one that goes direct. And I'm sure that over time, we will do very well, considering the fact that we have an outstanding sales force. And importantly, Henry Schein healthcare's Practice Management Software offers robust clinical integration features to connect with both companies' diagnostic systems and more to come. We are very pleased with the plans that have been made by our Technology group to advance the integration of diagnostics into our software systems. And we're also pleased to be able to hit the ground running with these products and look forward to continued success in the veterinary diagnostic market, not only in the U.S., but globally. We have some good plans, as I said, and have total confidence in our Global Animal Health team to execute on these plans and continue to provide terrific value-added services to our Animal Health customers. So now let me turn to the Medical business. Quarterly Medical sales was at the highest level in 1.5 years as we made continued progress with large group practices and the IDNs, the integrated delivery networks. As I've said in previous conference calls, the onboarding process with these large customers generally is longer than it is for the small practices or the solo practitioner. Yet, while it may take longer to secure these new relationships, it's actually a little easier to secure them, but to bring them on board is the challenge. Once the business has been secured, the size of the opportunity makes the effort all very worthwhile, and we are pleased with our efforts and progress to date. This was a decision we made in the strategic plan of 2011, '12, '13 -- well, sorry, no, '09, '10, '11, the one before the plan we're in, to establish our healthcare services group, focused on the large practices in the medical arena, and that investment, switching resources particularly into that part of the business, has paid off very well as, of course, it has for almost 2 decades in the dental arena where we believe we are the largest provider of products to group practices and to dental schools. So let me now turn to the Technology and the Value-Added Services businesses. Our sales growth this quarter reflects particular strength in software sales and financial services as well as strategic acquisitions overseas. We are delighted to report the continuation of double-digit internal sales growth in local currencies in International Technology and Value-Added Services. During the quarter, there were 2 developments in particular that underscore our commitment to digital dentistry and its importance to the future of the dental profession. First in early August, we opened new headquarters for our domestic Dental Practice Solutions business. The new facility in Utah features an innovative Center of Excellence, which is outfitted with high-quality digital dental equipment technology from a number of our value-added suppliers. The Center of Excellence not only shows -- is not only a showcase for innovative products, but also provides local dental professionals with a modern facility to offer free high-quality oral care to a community's underserved, fitting very well with Henry Schein's culture and business model of doing well by doing good. And in late October, along with the publisher, Quintessence, we hosted the first International Symposium on Digital Dentistry. The 3-day event held in Orlando provided in-depth educational experiences for dentists and dental laboratory technicians on the clinical benefits of digital technologies and our philosophy of open platform workflows. The symposium focused on procedure planning and treatment, including the clinical and aesthetic results of tooth restoration implants. Attendees left with a better understanding of significant patient benefits that digital technology provides in terms of accuracy, speed, comfort and appearance. So let me conclude. And before I open the call to -- for questions, I'd like to call your attention to just a few of the many activities that Henry Schein -- at Henry Schein that we do not drive -- that do not necessarily drive top line growth, but are integral to our business practices and reflect our commitment to corporate social responsibility. In late August, we hosted our annual Back to School program at 28 company locations, reflecting our growing footprint. We expanded this program to include Europe for the first time with an event in Madrid. This year, a record number of children, more than 5,000, actually returned to the classroom with essentials ranging from new clothing to backpacks filled with books and supplies. Since inception 17 years ago, more than 27,000 children had benefited from our Back to School program. In early September, we partnered with the Large Urology Group Practice Association to raise awareness about the importance of prostate cancer checkups. In recognition of National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month, we relaunched the educational plan to increase public awareness about the importance of early detection in saving men's lives. And in October, we opened the Henry Schein Ebola Relief Fund to support relief efforts related to the Ebola outbreak in Western Africa. This is the latest in the long history of relief programs we have sponsored around the world. As a company and an executive team, we have strong ties to the African continent. And through the newest fund, we will be matching the contributions of Team Schein Members to support direct efforts through the CDC Foundation. The money raised will augment the nation's personal protective equipment that we're making through Henry Schein Cares and to help healthcare workers in West Africa. So I mentioned these 3 social outreach programs because we're often asked why is Henry Schein a company that produces steady results. And the simple answer is that Henry Schein is a company that values our team. It's a company with a team philosophy, the team spirit, the intrapreneurship/entrepreneurship in a large business, has been very, very successful for us. This includes our team actively being -- being actively engaged in social responsibility together with our suppliers and our customers. All of this leading to good rates of return. And so I thought it was important for us to cover this with our shareholders as well. So with that overview of our quarterly financial operating performance, I'd like to thank you for your attention this morning. And now operator, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question will come from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Well, 2 quick ones here for me, if I could. Steve, I was wondering, qualitatively maybe you could break out on the North American Dental consumable side or maybe even worldwide Dental consumables what you're seeing on the general consumable side versus maybe on the equipment -- on the, I'm sorry, on the Dental implants side, some of the other specialty business lines.
Steven Paladino: Sure. So I guess, the good news is really, as I said in the prepared remarks, across really all of Dental, we had a bit of an acceleration of sales growth. And Stanley talked about that we do believe that's somewhat related to increased patient traffic, but we do think we're continuing to gain market share. Both -- we had really very good growth on the implants side. Both BioHorizons, which as you know is primarily in the U.S., had stronger growth than the consumable average growth. And Camlog, on primarily the International side, the same thing is true, had stronger growth than the overall. So we also believe that the implant market is improving a little bit, continues to be good. But those specialty products did perform a bit better than the core consumable products.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: All right. Helpful. And then just in my follow-up. On the equipment side of the business, you have some tough comps upcoming even in the fourth quarter. I know it doesn't look like a tough comp, but from a revenue dollar basis, I think it is. With Section 179 kind of coming down this year pretty hard and you're going to start coming up against some PlanScan upgrades, things like that, just how should we conceptually be thinking about the Dental equipment business over the next, call it, 3 to 4 quarters, something like that?
Steven Paladino: Well, I think it's a good point. It's really impossible to determine that Section 179 has less tax benefit this year than last year. And what will the impact be? My personal view is it will be a little bit of headwind certainly in Q4. But longer-term, if you go out a quarter or 2 or 3 or more, I think the tax benefits accelerate people's decisions, but they're going to make those decisions anyway. So it might be a little bit of -- more difficult in Q4, but we're still expecting strong mid- to high single-digit growth in Dental equipment going forward into Q4. You're right, we do have a little bit more of a difficult comp with PlanScan and upgrades and all of that. But there is life in the equipment market, so we feel good about it. We certainly have all of that baked into our guidance for 2014 and 2015. We really had a very strong traditional equipment sales growth in North America in Q3. So that's always a good sign, an indicator of how the practice is feeling. And so while -- it always could be better and I think we feel pretty good about the equipment sales going forward. And as you know, next year is an IDS year. So that could, from a timing perspective, slow sales in Q1 and accelerate sales in Q2 and Q3. So that's just normal stuff for us at this point, but we should -- you should expect that in your estimates for 2015.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Stan, could you maybe just talk a little bit more about your strategic plan for the next 3 years? There were interesting comments. Number one, just to be clear, should we assume you're really going to stay focused on your kind of 3 key vertical markets that you're already in? And if we think about geographically, what sort of criteria do you use to figure out what countries you enter next?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, John, a very good question. I'm glad you asked it. First of all, we have no intention of leaving the 3 verticals. In fact, we're on -- the strategic plan for us, the whole process, of course, it will expect us to look at all opportunities available to us. But the process reconfirmed our commitment to the dental marketplace globally, not only, of course, for the GP but to the specialist, not only with consumables and equipment but with specialty products, pharmaceutical, med-surg products, software and a plethora of value-added services. So that is clear, Dental. On the medical side, our focus on the domestic market here is clear. And the opportunities are, we believe, are huge. As we advance consolidation, large group practices, multi-specialty, single-specialty and as the IDNs enter the space, we -- the more -- the professionally -- the more professional supply chain management focuses on this field, the more they realize that Henry Schein is an ideal model. And so that's an area to focus on in the medical world, plus we believe advancing our specialty business in the medical world is another huge opportunity. We have done a little bit of that, but nowhere near as far as we have done in Dental, lots and lots of opportunity. And on the Animal Health side, we are committed to that business, lots and lots of opportunity. And in particular, in the non-pharma segment, where we see equipment, med-surg products, diagnostic equipment, we think there's a large opportunity here for us. Yes, we believe that in the U.S. we had a setback, but we've had these setbacks before in the Henry Schein history. And at the end of the day, our model that contemplates a wide variety of products backed up by services has been very good for us, and we will, I think, execute on that very well on the global diagnostic side of dentistry as well. We will continue -- of course, the diagnostic side of Animal Health too. We will, of course, continue to invest heavily in the software businesses, primarily focused in Dental and Animal Health. The new markets, well -- and I think to a large extent, we're focused on Dental and Animal Health. I would not rule out something on Medical, but our Medical team is very busy right now. Literally, the amount of business that's available out there -- the market, of course, is not growing in terms of units that much, and there is price deflation in our sector. But the opportunity to garner market share is really good as well as to bring out new products to our offering. So I don't think that's an area globally that we'll focus on, but you never know. It's certainly not in our plan. Although we have some nice businesses and we're going to put medical products through those businesses, I don't think we'll expand geographies. So the geographies, I think there's lots of opportunities still to expand in the United States, North America, shall we say; in the verticals that I just described; globally, yes; also in the developed world. But I think there are opportunities in the developing world, for example, our business in -- businesses both in South Africa and in Brazil, which really would put out our toes in the water, are doing quite well. And I think we will do more there. It's amazing how well we were received by customers and suppliers. And of course, there's Asia. So new product categories, tons of stuff, digitalization of dentistry, digitalization of the medical world, of the veterinary office. We want to do things to expand our operating margin and particularly, our gross profits, and at the same time, investing in efficiencies and optimizing our business processes. The up-market and the mid-market, huge opportunities, all of our businesses are in -- are moving into the up-markets. And the mid-market is becoming important, and we're setting our teams to focus even more on these areas, the up- and the mid-market separate teams. Of course, we would like to see more exclusives so we can perhaps control our own destiny a little bit better. And I think you'll see that we have dialogue with a number of manufacturers going on. And of course, we want to expand our offering so that we really offer everything a practitioner may need. There are parts of our offering where maybe we can add a higher-quality product, other parts of the equation where we could add a lower-priced product. All the stuff is in the plan. The specialists and practitioners are important all in alternate care setting. The technology, technology, technology, we're going to invest in this. We've got great platforms. We've got to do more in that regard. We already have a lot of work done in the cloud on the Dental side. We need to expand that. And of course, we will continue to invest heavily in the education of our team, bringing young managers on board, advancing our succession plans in all of our businesses. So there's a lot to do here, but those are the essential highlights. And we will focus as we have in the past. We have huge opportunities and we just can't do -- as our president, Jim Breslawski, always reminds us, we can do anything but we can't do everything, and we, I think, have a very tight list of things we want to do and will execute on them as we have in other strategic planning periods.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Maybe just one quick follow-up for Steve. Steve, given the strong top line that you had in the quarter, can you just talk a bit about why you didn't see EBIT margin leverage? And should we -- could we expect more margin leverage as we move through '15?
Steven Paladino: So I'll take the second half of the answer first. I think we absolutely expect to see more margin expansion going forward. This was really a case -- the margin decline really was all related to new acquisitions. As you know, when they come on board, until we could integrate, until we can get some synergies, they typically have a dilutive impact to margins without that. We were relatively flat, but we did make investments in a number of areas. We did have sales mix issues working against us. But again, as I started with, I do think that we're doing good about getting the margin expansion going forward. Some of the restructuring activities will help that going forward. But most of the restructuring activities really are designed to allow us to invest in new initiatives to grow the business, to have that sustainable growth model like we have always strived for since going public almost 20 years ago.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Jon Block with Stifel.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Maybe just the first one. If you could speak to how the trends in the quarter played out in North America and International within Dental. And have you seen momentum as we entered the fourth quarter? And then Stanley, specifically for you, in your opinion, what do you think is allowing International Dental to be what seems like more resilient than one may expect if you just sat here and looked at all the headline risk? And then I've got a follow-up.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. So first of all, I think our view is relatively consistent for the last several quarters. On balance, the developed world economies are leaning in the positive. Yes, there are particular challenges in Europe, but our anchor, of course, in Europe is Germany, and I wouldn't be able to represent it's the best economy we've ever had in Germany, but it's pretty good. And the U.K. is not bad. I mean, there are some -- within our businesses, there are some movements between different classes of customers. In the U.K., a customer bought a distributor, so that caused a bit of disruption. I doubt that will work long-term. It certainly has backfired, and we've been able to pick up a lot of other business. So you have those kinds of things that happen. But overall, I think the businesses are leaning in the positive. So we just need to make sure that the world stays stable from a political point of view. And I think we'll continue to see good solid progress. It's not 2008 numbers, but we are in the positive column. And then we continue to gain market share. And why do we do that? I think our model works well, our model, which is a model of database marketing, telesales-driven, with heavy e-commerce. And then the umbrella over all of this is our field sales consultants. So we have gradually, over the years, moved our sales force from a sales force of order-takers to a sales force of consultants, helping the practitioners with consulting advice. Now it's not absolute. Not every business works using this model perfectly each day, but it's a gradual movement. And I think the investments have paid off. If we didn't have those investments, our operating margin could jump up quite quickly. But we continue to believe we need to put money aside to advance our model, whether it's in the database marketing area, in the telesales area or advising our -- or educating our consultants to be better advisers. And this is all an investment that I believe will pay off well over the years to come. And of course, it's our culture, and our culture drives it as well. So there's very few products in Henry Schein that are patented. And why are we more successful than our competition? It's because of the culture in the company. So you put all this together, and I think it works here and it works in Europe. Of course, being abroad and of course, being in Europe, of course, being in China, even Australia and Canada are slightly different cultures to the way we do things in this country. So we have invested in management over the years in all of the countries we're in. You take a look at both Brazil and South Africa, we had young MBAs that we brought on board a decade ago to prepare us for entry into those 2 markets. And so we make these investments to invest. And the shareholders do well in the long run. The investments are now continuing in other markets. So I think it's the model, and it works for us.
Steven Paladino: Just to tackle real quickly the other part of your question. If you look within the quarter, the good news is that on a month-by-month basis, and I'll focus on the nonequipment, nontechnology because nonequipment -- equipment and technology, there's always a little bit lumpiness where the strength is always in the third month of the quarter just because of the way we promote and the way commissions work and things. But if you look at the consumables, very steady month-to-month, no major, just general -- of course, there's always an exception here or there, but strong growth for each of the 3 months of the quarter. And the good news is, going to date in Q4, we've seen some of that strength continue. So we feel pretty good about the end markets. We feel pretty good that we're seeing a little bit of improvement in patient traffic on a general basis and hopefully, that will continue even to a larger extent.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And the follow-up, which admittedly may have 2 parts to it. Steven, you mentioned that North American Dental equipment was up 5.2%. I think you said basic was particularly good. Did high-tech actually lag basic in the quarter? And do you have the growth specific to the PlanScan division? And the last one, Stanley, you mentioned the integration opportunity with Practice Management on the vet side. And clearly, that's a big opportunity. I think you guys are literally the #1 in 3 players on PMS. How long will that take to integrate with Abaxis and Heska? I'm just trying to get my arms around it. Is it a 3-month initiative? Is it a year initiative?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, I'll answer, then Steven will get his specifics for you. So we have been investing in the clinical integration, big data side of the Practice Management Animal Health side for years. And when I say years, I think we've owned these businesses now for -- this is the third year. So from the day we actually made the investment in ImproMed and, of course, on the various systems we've been selling, although that we were selling that we didn't own, including AVImark, and then we made the investment in AVImark, we've been -- I guess it's been a 3-year process. And we've been investing and more importantly, bringing the distribution side and the technology side closer together. We have, of course, had experience on the Dental side. It took us a decade to get it right in Dental. Distributors and technology companies are very different. They think different, and they're both responsible, in our case, for their own bottom line, but it's the synergies that they move to work on together. Never, never easy, but I think we've figured this out quite well. And it paid off in Dental. And in the last few years, we've worked well in that area. As it relates to the specific systems, there will be pieces of the integration brought together, some already done, some will be done even better. But there will be new products coming out all the time. And I suspect that by the January -- end of the January dental meeting in Orlando, we'll have a lot more to show. And then we'll have more to show as the year goes by. And I'm not only talking about in the U.S., but globally. And I think it's an exciting time. Sometimes, you need a little bit of a wake-up call to get you to move a little faster. Our strategies were unfolding, perhaps they were delayed. We were hoping that we would benefit by perhaps even an alliance with IDEXX. But at the end of the day, we've got our team very focused. I happened to meet yesterday with our Animal Health team in Kentucky. There's a big horse show, auctions down there, and I was there with our equine team. And I've got to tell you, the team is so motivated and they're ready to, in particular, to go after this diagnostic market. So we are very, very excited about the whole Value-Added Service, Practice Management solution opportunity in Animal Health. And I think you will see a good plan unfolding a piece at a time over the next couple of years.
Steven Paladino: Yes, just to answer the other part of your question. So yes, as I said, if you look at our overall growth in equipment, we did see a little bit stronger growth in traditional equipment this quarter than the average and a little bit less than the average in the high-tech equipment. I don't think there's really a trend there. I think what we saw was when we looked at Q2, we really pulled, I think, maybe a little bit forward in Q2, which just the timing of when installation and sales occur. And I think when we look at Q3, it's just because of the timing of the closing. I think some slipped into Q4. So again, I don't think it's a trend, but the facts are that traditional did outperform high-tech during the quarter.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I actually just wanted to go back to the restructuring and thinking about the potential for organic margin expansion. I know you guys had reset the goal at the Analyst Day for organic margin expansion on an annual basis to 20 basis points. If I look at the numbers to date, Steve, it seems like you're slightly down year-to-date on the organic margin expansion despite pretty nice top line growth and particularly in this quarter. I'm just wondering if you could go back and talk a little bit more about the restructuring. Is it needed at this point to drive margin expansion as we look out into 2015?
Steven Paladino: Well, is it needed? It will certainly be helpful to it, but it's not the main driver for the restructuring. The main driver is, as you're planning and as you're looking forward, given as Stanley said in his comments, given the changing dynamics in the market and in the world at large, we need to deploy resources in different ways than we did over the last few years. So it's a way of us saying, "Okay. We need to do more of this and we need to do less of something else." And that's how we can balance. But it will have a positive impact on margins. We don't have detailed plans yet, so you won't see anything early in the year -- or not you won't see anything. You'll see some, but it will be more weighted towards the middle of the year and towards the end of the year. And we feel like this is something that's just so important for us to do because we talk internally a lot that we need to invest in the future, but all of our investments can't be incremental. We need to find ways of redeploying our resources, and this is really how we're doing it. Margins, look, we also are very good at, during the quarter, looking at how we're tracking and deciding whether we want to make more or less investments. Sometimes, like in the current quarter, where we saw that sales were doing well, we did a little bit more investment, and you're just seeing the impact of that, which is a little -- not much margin expansion. But that's by design because we are very good at tracking during the quarter and making tweaks in what we're doing along the way. It's just something that we've developed over the years and will hope to continue to do well.
Stanley M. Bergman: The opportunity in our markets, opportunity for preventative care and the growing middle class throughout the world that understands this is just endless in the opportunities. And I think it is very important that we continue to invest. And with a boost in sales, I'd rather take some of that profit and invest it than to show increased operating margin and really mortgage some of the phenomenal opportunities that exist. You put out selling in the market as an example in South Africa and Brazil. Why not expand in those markets? We have -- there's no one providing our kind of service. Why not bring software to different markets? So we could slow down on that, or we could be aggressive on that. And we're investing. And that's the idea behind this restructuring is to move assets from one side of the house to another. It doesn't mean that, that number of people are going to leave the company because we may move people from one side of the house to the other. But at the end of the day, the opportunity exists for us to reposition the company for greater return going forward in a very exciting market.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: No, I appreciate that. I guess just to push back a little bit, Stanley and Steve, it does seem like differentiating between investing and cost-cutting here, maybe a little bit semantics. But I guess I'm just curious how -- as you think about this restructuring, how are you differentiating between kind of normal course of business, things you probably would be doing on an ongoing basis to better position the business, reinvest in certain geographies, move resources around versus kind of a wholesale onetime restructuring where quite a big chunk of cost gets excluded from the operating results.
Steven Paladino: Okay. So the restructuring costs really loosely fall into 3 buckets, and they're all under the theme of onetime costs. So -- and again, we're not prepared at this time, nor do we really want to at this time, to go into extreme detail, but the 3 buckets fall into 3 areas as follows. One is we do expect to have some facility consolidations in our total worldwide network. So really the cost in order to consolidate facilities, to exit leases or whatever are part of the restructuring costs. The second is related to headcount. And we do expect to see somewhere on average between 2% and 3% of our global workforce. So it's a small percentage, a 2% to 3% net reduction in people. And the third is we've done a lot of acquisitions over the years. And as we look through some of those acquisitions, there are certain redundancies that in order to get to those redundancies, we do need to complete some integration activities at a onetime cost. So again, they're truly not normal activities. We will show them as a 1-line item as restructuring costs. And again, we feel it's important to do now because, again, there's a little bit of margin expansion built into that. But the bulk of it really is to try to redeploy resources, as I said, a little bit earlier in the future initiatives. So hopefully, that's helpful to you.
Operator: We have time for one last question coming from the line of Glen Santangelo with Crédit Suisse.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Stan, I'm just wanting to follow up on some of your comments. I mean, obviously, the company, when you look in the Dental division, posted obviously very strong organic growth this quarter, particularly in the wake of what we heard from the 2 big consumable manufacturers that was obviously a lot less inspiring. And so you mentioned that the company seemingly is taking share. Is there anything other than just solid execution that you could point to? Is there anything going on in the competitive landscape in either North America or International that's kind of worth calling out? Like I'm just kind of curious to see where this share is coming from and if it's sustainable.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, I don't think there's any particular change in our major competitors. Actually, even some of the smaller ones are getting better, but they don't move much in terms of volume. But I think we were executing on our plans. We haven't changed our plans. We're just doing them a little better, I think. And I'm not sure if our market share growth is that different to what it has been in the past. We've always grown at -- at least for quite a while, maybe 1 or 2 quarters it has not been, but we've always grown at the GDP plus a few hundred basis points. And I think the GDP is a little bit better in North America now and maybe we grew a little bit faster this quarter. But our plans are solid, the same plans. It's educating our sales force. It's better use of database marketing. It's a more effective collaboration between telesales and field sales. We have unique assets, and no one has a telesales business like we do and a field sales force like we do. And the software is working well, lots of good things going on there, both in terms of our catalog software, our Internet capabilities, the connection between that and our Practice Management Software, the specialty businesses, the whole CAD/CAM initiative. And I don't think you can look at any 1 quarter, but that carries momentum throughout the business. So it's thousands of little things that make up the whole.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's helpful. Maybe if I could just ask one follow-up question at Steve. Steve, as you look at the guidance for fiscal '15, obviously this quarter, I mean, you saw multiyear highs in some of your divisions in terms of your organic growth rates. I mean, how should we think about the sustainability of that trend in those growth rates embedded within fiscal '15 guidance? And I know you probably don't want to get pinned down to talking about any specifics, but any sort of additional color in terms of the trend, the underlying trend or the strength of the businesses that you're assuming within that fiscal '15 guidance would be helpful.
Steven Paladino: Sure. So we are assuming that if you look at on-average 2015 versus on-average 2014, that there's a slight improvement in end markets because we have seen that. We do believe it is -- it has occurred and we don't see any reason why we should see a pullback to that. But it is only a slight improvement. As we always do when we introduce guidance, we try to be a little bit conservative because really, that's the right thing to do. There's a lot of time between now and the end of next year, and a lot of big different things could happen. But we feel pretty good that the end markets are doing better and we'll capitalize on that. So hopefully, that provides the color you're looking for.
Stanley M. Bergman: So everyone, thank you very much for calling in. I appreciate all the interest, the good questions. And we will be back, I think, this time, it's 4 months, right, because the next year -- so this will be in February. As I concluded many of these calls, actually usually conclude, we're very comfortable with the business. The morale in the company is good. We've got good strategies in place. We're executing well. And I think we will just continue to focus on steady growth in terms of sales and in terms of the bottom line, while turning our profits into cash, which really is the ultimate goal of our management team and so providing increased shareholder value. If you have any questions, please feel free to call Carolynne, our Head of Investor Relations at...
Carolynne Borders: (631) 390-8105.
Stanley M. Bergman: Or Steven at the same number, except the 5915 are the last 4 digits. So thank you very much. And I guess, have a good holiday season.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - VP of Investor Relations Stanley Bergman - Executive Chairman and CEO Steven Paladino - CFO, Principal Accounting Officer, EVP and Executive Director
Analysts: Michael Cherny - ISI Group Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffrey Jeff Bailin - Crédit Suisse Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird John Kreger - William Blair 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Second Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the second quarter of 2014. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, August 4, 2014. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. (Operator Instructions) With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our sales for the second quarter was solid as we posted broad based gains on a global basis. In fact, internal sales growth in local currencies of 4.3% was the highest we have reported since the fourth quarter of 2012. Our domestic sales rebounded from the effects of the severe winter weather in the preceding quarter. And also this is the quarter that should be compared to the IDS sales of 2013, which was a very good quarter from a Dental equipment and specifically an International Dental equipment growth point of view. Having achieved year -to-date diluted EPS ahead of our expectations, we are also pleased to be raising the lower end of 2014 financial guidance range by $0.04. So overall we are pleased with our performance in the quarter, a steady growth in market share in all of our business units, and we'll provide further comments as the call goes on. So, let me start by asking Steven to provide comments on the financial results, and then I'll come back with some comments on the business in general. Thank you.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stan, and good morning to all. I am also pleased to report solid results for the second quarter of 2014. As we begin, I'd like to point out that in 2014 both Easter and Passover holidays occurred in the second quarter, whereas in 2013 they both fell in the first quarter. The Easter holiday in particular has a more pronounced effect in certain international markets resulting in one less selling day because Good Friday is a national holiday in Canada and many European countries. So, now turning to our Q2 results, our net sales for the quarter ended June 28, 2014, were $2.6 billion, reflecting a 9.3% increase compared with the second quarter of 2013. This consisted of 7.9% growth in local currencies and 1.4% growth related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internally generated sales increased 4.3% and acquisition growth contributed 3.6%. You can see the details of our sales growth that are contained in Exhibit A of our earnings news release that was issued this morning. Our operating margin for the second quarter of 2014 was 6.9%, that's a decline of 45 basis points compared with the second quarter of 2013. When excluding the impact of acquisitions completed during the past 12 months and related expenses, our operating margin contracted by 27 basis points, and that 27-basis-point contraction includes an improvement in operating expenses as a percent of sales of 32 basis points, offset by a contraction in gross margin of 59 basis points. The gross margin decline is primarily related to changes in sales mix in our businesses across all of our four groups of businesses. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.8%, which is down from 31.4% in the second quarter of 2013 and is in line with the guidance that we previously gave. The lower tax rate is due to continued implementation of tax planning strategies and also higher earnings in countries with lower corporate tax rate. We expect the effective tax rate for the remainder of the year to be in the 30% to 31% range. Net income attributable to Henry Schein for the second quarter of 2014 was $116.2 million or $1.35 per diluted share. This represents growth of 7.2% and 9.8% respectively, compared with the second quarter of 2013. Our foreign currency exchange did not have any material impact on our EPS for the quarter. Let me provide some detail for our sales results for the second quarter. Dental sales for the second quarter of 2014 increased 8.6% to $1.4 billion. This 8.6% growth consisted of 7.5% growth in local currencies and 1.1% gain related to foreign currency exchange. If you look at local currencies, internally generated locally currency sales growth was 2.6% and acquisition growth contributed 4.9%, and that's primarily related to both BioHorizons and Arseus acquisitions that were completed. The 2.6% internal growth in local currencies consisted of 4.3% growth in North America, while international sales were flat. If you look at some detail behind each of North American International, the 4.3% internal growth in local currencies in North America included 2.5% growth in sales of Dental consumable merchandise and 10.8% growth in Dental equipment sales and service revenue. The internal international growth in local currencies included 2.1% growth in consumable merchandize, but a decline in equipment sales and service revenue of 5.5%. That's again due to the timing of the biennial IDS trade show in Germany, which made for a difficult comparison in the prior year as well as some impact of the Easter and Passover holidays. If we look at Animal Health sales, there were $754.5 million in the second quarter, an increase of 13.2%, that included growth of 10.7% in local currencies and 2.5% related to foreign currency. Our internal sales growth and local currencies were 7.3% and acquisitions contributed an additional 3.4%. If we look at the component of that 7.3% internal growth in local currencies, it included 7.9% growth in North America and 6.8% growth internationally. If you also normalize for the impact of business switching from agency sales to standard or normal sales, our North American sales growth was 5.6%. Medical sales were $403.3 million in the second quarter, an increase of 4.0%, and that is represented by 3.7% growth in local currencies and a 0.3% growth related to foreign currency. The 3.7% internal growth in local currencies included 3.9% in North America and a slight decline of 1.4% International. We remain confident that our strategy of focusing on large group practices continue to result in market share growth this quarter in the Medical segment. Turning to Technology and Value-Added Services sales, they were $89.1 million in the quarter, an increase of 14.2%, and this included 13.2% growth in local currencies and an additional 1.0% growth related to foreign currency. The local currency internally generated sales increased by 9.3% and acquisition growth was 3.9%. The 9.3% growth internally included 8.5% in North America growth and 14.4% growth in international. If you again normalize for sales results to account for a switch to agency sales, our internal growth in local currencies was 14.4% in the technology business. We're really very pleased with that double-digit normalized sales growth in the Technology and Value-Added Services businesses, and we had strong growth also in financial services sub-segment of that category. Related to stock repurchase, we continue to repurchase our common stock in the open market during the second quarter. Specifically, we repurchased 654,000 shares during the quarter at an average price of $116.43, or about $76 million. The impact of this repurchase on the second quarter diluted EPS was not material. And we continue to have money authorized for future repurchases. At the close of the second quarter, we had $148 million authorized and available for future repurchases and we remain committed to our goal of continuing to repurchase and to repurchase somewhere between $200 and $300 million of our stock for the full year. If we take a brief look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet, operating cash flow for the quarter was $199.2 million that compares to $274.8 million in 2013 second quarter. We believe our full year operating cash flow will continue to be strong. Some components, accounts receivable days sales outstanding was about 40.2 days compared to 39.5 days last year and inventory returns was 6.0 turns compared to 6.2 turns last year. I'll conclude my remarks by discussing our 2014 financial guidance. For 2014, we now expect diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein to be $5.33 to $5.39, and as Stanley said earlier this represents a $0.04 increase in the low-end of our range and our guidance now reflects growth of 8% to 9% compared with 2013 results, when you exclude that onetime item in 2013 and that again compares with our previously issued guidance of 5.29 to 5.39. As always our current year guidance is for continuing operations as well as completed or previously announced acquisitions, but does not include any potential new acquisitions. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Let me begin my review of business groups with the Dental group. We gained market share in our Dental group with total U.S. dollar growth in North America exceeding 8% and above 9% internationally. North America internal merchandize sales growth was bolstered by strategic acquisitions and equipment sales of service revenue growth in local currency was quite good, was nearly 11%. While sales of traditional equipment was strong, growth was even stronger in the high-tech equipment arena and was led by our PlanScan/E4D CAD/CAM product. International Dental growth also reflects a strategic acquisitions while internal equipment sales and service revenue in local currency declined by few percentage point from a stronger play comparison that of course was driven by the biennial IDS show in Congress and Germany as Steven mentioned earlier on. During the quarter, we entered into the Brazilian Dental market by a 50% ownership investment in Dental Speed Graph. This is our first operation in South America and bring a number of countries where Henry Schein has operations affiliates on the ground to 27%. Dental Speed Graph is the largest direct marketing provider of Dental consumable merchandize in Brazil with a robust e-commerce platform, 2013 sales of approximately $28 million. Dental Speed Graph has 170 team members and approximately 55, 000 customers in Brazil. We have long sort to establish a presence in Brazil which is Latin America's largest economy and the seventh largest economy in the world. Brazil has an estimate 150,000 [assistant] (ph) dentist who serve a market, whose growth is being filled by aging population and extending middle class. That is also a keen awareness in Brazil of the importance of ROK and we're very, very excited about our entry into the Brazilian market and a quite optimistic about opportunities in Brazil in general. During the quarter we also completed a notable Dental transaction in Europe. In early June we acquired Sirona Direct which is the Dental distribution business of Serino Dental Systems in France. Sirona Direct is exclusive distributor of Dental equipment for Serino Dental Systems in Paris and Normandy, and has annual sales of approximately $14 million. We also entered into an exclusive distribution agreement with Serino for the promotion and distribution of the full line of Dental equipment to practitioners in most of France including of the CEREC CAD/CAM system. We finished it by thus other businesses in France with the exclusive regional distribution agreements of products manufacturing in Barcelona. Today, Henry Schein is established as Serino's exclusive distributor to practitioner across most of the France which is one of the largest European markets for Dental products, approximately 36,000 dentists serving a population of almost 66 million people. We are committed to providing the French Dental community as we are throughout the world actually with the comprehensive offering to meet all of its practise needs. Serino's innovative products are an important part of our connected Dental platform which is designed to bring the latest digital Dental solutions to practitioners we serve in this quickly changing Dental marketplace. Very pleased that we now have a rounded offering throughout the French market and this is a market that's been good for Henry Schein for well over a decade and half, very, very exciting. Now on the Animal Health side. We also gained market share in this group in the quarter with internal sales growth in local currencies at its highest level in six quarters. There was a late start to the parasiticide season in the U.S. this year. Of course we know this was in winter but domestic sales growth returned to normal in the second quarter. On the international front, internal Animal debt sales growth in local currencies was at a multi record high. We also significantly strengthened our position in the U.S. acquiring products and market with the acquisitions of approximately 60% ownership in SmartPak which is completed early in the third quarter. SmartPak is the leading domestic provided equine supplements and horse suppliers with sales of 2013 of approximately $105 million and 325 team members [indiscernible]. A really fantastic company, a lot of energy, a lot of sales activity and of course the market leader in its segment. The primary product is patented SmartPak supplement feeding system which provides equine supplements in customized ready dose packaging. The company offers more than 250 branded equine supplements including its proprietary smart supplements brand. SmartPak also offers a broad range of equestrian supplies and accessories, like a power and lighting equipment, pharmaceutical and other equine and canine focused products. We are fortunate to have acquired a majority ownership position in this fast growing company with a deep-deep commitment to equine health and a keen expertise in sales and unique expertise in the digital marketing arena too. So that's the wholesales and digital marketing arena, plus the equine offering that makes us feel excited about those business which has a fantastic management team and organization in general. In fact, SmartPak is a leading company in this e-commerce environment. SmartPak at Henry Schein share a strong commitment to supporting Animal nutrition and raising awareness of nutrition's, viral impact on overall horse health. Let me now turn to our Medical business. North America as I think most of our shareholders know represents 95% of the total medical growth, - of total medical sales group – medical group sales. Sales growth accelerated sharply from the preceding quarter as we have current impacted weather, and more importantly made progress with our strategic focus on large group practises and IDN, Integrated Delivery Networks. Looking to the upcoming flu season, I'm pleased to report that pre-booking of seasonal influenza vaccines are running in-line with the prior year. We do expect to distribute 8 million to 9 million doses in the upcoming flu season. During the second quarter we announced its strategic agreement with Athenahealth. Together our two companies will help physicians operate efficient, successful practises, as well as course at using technology and other consultative service to provide high quality care through the delivery and use of athenaOne suite of services. These services include electronic health records, integrated revenue cycle management and patient communication. We will jointly market the services to Henry Schein's customers as part of our health connect offering, which helps physicians advance the digitalization of the practises. We are extremely committed to being a trusted advisor to our medical customers. And to help its practitioners operate successful practices distinguished by improved patient outcomes and patient efficiency. On a forward looking open, cloud-based platform is a great compliment – our platform is a great compliment to many technological driven solutions we currently offer. So, the arrangement with Athena in the end takes our Henry Schein know-how connections with our customers and compliments that with this arrangement we now have with Athena, we believe the leading provider of these kinds of services to the physician practice. We are very pleased with the progress in our Medical business, specifically the progress we are making with large group practices and the regular gaining recognition we are experiencing amongst IDNs and very, very excited as we move as a company forward in this arena. Now, let me conclude my business overview with the Technology and Value-Added Services. Sales growth accelerated in North America compared with the preceding quarter due to its highest level in more than a year, with particular strength in software sales and financial services. Very pleased with this Group. Of course this is a very profitable Group but more importantly our Technology and Value-Added services group provides enormous stickiness to our customers and is the key way in which we provide consultative services supporting in related technology and so to provide a lot of advice and value-added services to compliment our trusted advisor status within the practice. We continue also by the way to be very pleased with the performance of internationally group with double-digit internal in local currencies for the past six quarters. So, we'll open the call to questions in a minute. Let me just share two recent corporate developments with you here today. First the 2014 Fortune 500 ranking of America's largest corporation has recently been issued. Henry Schein is now number 292 on the list up from 296 in last year's ranking. To climb two spots on the Fortune 500 list in less than a decade, - 200 spots in the Fortune 500 list in less than a decade of course and remembering the markets that we serve are not the huge consumer markets et cetera but the office base practitioner market. So to climb this 200 spots on the Fortune 500 list in less than a decade is testament to Henry Schein's and team Schein's hard work. And to our success implementing a strategic plan that focuses on many customer needs to value added products and services in new technology coupled with our terrific culture and values in the company, putting this all those together leading in the end creates the momentum that has resulted in Henry Schein having such a good track record. By the way, this marks our 75th call as a public company and we are very pleased and proud of our track record. And let me take this opportunity to thank all of team Schein, and our Board for the tremendous support to our shareholders as well over the last 75 quarters. So let me also now just give you an update on our Board. In early June, we announced Dr. Dianne Rekow was elected to the Henry Schein Board of Directors. We are truly fortunate to have Dianne Rekow joined us as Director. Of course she is a prominent Dean, quite active in the Dental academic and clinical environment. But it was Dianne Rekow who played a key role in pioneering, key pioneering role in the field of Digital Dentistry. An expert in the development and performance of new materials and products were used in aesthetic and restorative dentistry and a global sought leader in Dental education. Dianne Rekow is Dean of Kings College London Dental Institute and a Professor of Orthodontics. She previously was the professor of Orthodontics at NYU, - who was previously an Professor of Orthodontics NYU.
 : So, with that overview of our quarterly financial operating performance, I'd like to thank you for your attention this morning. And Steven and I are now ready to answer any questions which you may have.
Carolynne Borders: And [Julie], we are ready to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Michael Cherny of ISI Group.
Michael Cherny - ISI Group: Hi, good morning, guys.
Stanley Bergman: Good morning.
Michael Cherny - ISI Group: So, I wanted to dig in a little bit -- obviously there was a release out last week from IDEX related to -- or the week before -- I guess their distribution agreement designed to go direct. You did quantify what you thought the impact would be from a -- specifically pulling that out of your arrangements, but as you think about planning to offset some of that with other items, how far in advance do you start to plan -- do you start the process of identifying partners you want to work with? And how far in advance can you start to actually move some of those additional products or replacement products through your channel?
Stanley Bergman: Thanks for your question. It's a very good question, and Henry Schein is committed and has been committed to providing a full array of products and related services to our customers in all three groups. This is not the first time at all where the manufacturer has decided to change distribution arrangements with us. We are extremely confident that we will not lose our market share in Animal Health globally. We remain confident that we will provide an outstanding offering of products, in this case products means equipment and consumables and related software to our customers. And I think in the end, Henry Schein will be a much stronger company in the Animal Health space, and I'm quite sure that our customers will be pleased with the offering. Obviously, I can't discuss today the exact plans we have, but you can remain sure we are comfortable that Henry Schein will have an outstanding offering of products for our Animal Health customers in this country and abroad.
Michael Cherny - ISI Group: Great. And then just one quick question on the CAD/CAM development. As you think about the E4D rollout, obviously you had a very big launch with that product back at the New York Dental Show, at least in December. How -- when you go into these products, are they more replacements for offices that are already doing in-office CAD/CAM, or is this you penetrating what would be more of a greenfield market?
Stanley Bergman: The market for digitalized industry is relatively underpenetrated. On a global basis, it's hard to get an exact number, but it's someway around the higher-single digits, maybe low-double digits, and it is our view and if one speaks to the experts in Dentistry that at some point within the next decade or so, this digital dentistry for prosthetics and the connection of the Dental office digitally to the Dental laboratory, this whole area will become standard of care. There's a huge amount of activity going on here from software to different forms of devices, the scanner, various kinds of software, different milling solutions, both in-office, in the lab, as well as all sorts of materials. So, this is a huge market, and one needs to look at the market not in terms of one device, one product, or a couple of devices put together or maybe even the case of chair side CAD/CAM scanner, the software, the mold, but in a much broader sense. And in that regard, we really are at the beginning of this digitalization of prosthetics. And so, we're very excited. We see a huge opportunity here, and I think you can expect to see lots of developments with many companies coming into this field on the chair side, but more importantly on the connectivity side, the implant side, the lab side, the milling of different kinds of prosthetics, customized prosthetics, it's a whole reinvention of Dentistry. Very excited. Henry Schein has been investing in this space for almost five to six years, and I'm not talking about just the chair side, but I'm talking about the whole reinvention of Dentistry through our global prosthetics group. And so, the launch of one particular product, maybe the one you referred to, is not as important. It is important as a product but not as important as the overall trends, and we believe we are very well positioned across Dentistry to help Dentists understand the opportunities that are emerging in the digitalization of prosthetics and help them to find solution. I think our role will be very, very similar to the role we played introducing the PC to Dentistry almost 18 years ago when we went to Dentists and suggested them that they put a PC in their office as there were at that time I think 800 different software companies, and together with the Dental community, the profession, we were able to create the leading brands in practice management software. So, it's no different to that or the role that Henry Schein played in bringing infection control, reports of infection control to the Dentists in the late 80s. Henry Schein, I think has a track record of helping Dentists' advance with the most important trends in Dentistry and [oral care] (ph). And I think, digitalization of prosthetics is no different. It's not a product situation, it's a whole solution and I think we are ideally positioned with our various businesses that we earn but more importantly with our talents of management in this arena to help practitioners understand the importance of digitalization of prosthetics and the way Henry Schein can help them.
Michael Cherny - ISI Group: Thanks.
Stanley Bergman: In fact, we have later this week, I think it's on Thursday or Friday, - Friday, we have the start of our Business of Dentistry conference in Vegas, which addresses just this point. And actually, tomorrow we have the opening of our new technology center in Utah, which is significantly devoted to helping practitioners understand the trends in Dentistry and helping them advance their practices taking advantage of these trends. This is a whole exciting area and Henry Schein is investing heavily in terms of talent and businesses and stringing these businesses together in a very logical way.
Operator: Your next question is from Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: Just wanted to transition over to the consumables business. It looks like it was soft in, particularly in North America. I was wondering if you guys could just give us a sense of how that business trended throughout the quarter, so April versus May versus June? And then just your thoughts on the health of dental demand in the back half of the year.
Stanley Bergman: I am not sure if one would view it soft per se , because there are lots of puts and takes. You see one number and overall I think we're gaining market share in the market. I'm not saying the market is robust, but as we have mentioned in several calls now over the last, four, five, six calls, the Dental market is leading in a positive direction, there is some deflation over the few products on the commodity side. There is production of new products. And overall I think the industry is okay. It's not the best it has been, but I would say it's leading in the positive direction and we believe we're gaining market share. Remember, sales are not that you see are, not the traditional consumable number that a distributor maybe reporting on but it's a composite of our consumables, our equipment, our specialty product. So, it's a little bit more complex and I would say again that we believe that the market is leaning towards the positive growth on balance and that we're gaining market share. As to the future, I can't really tell you exactly but we are contemplating that at this point in any event, that the GDP continuous to grow in a slightly positive way. And that Dentistry will follow the GDP in general and that Henry Schein will continue to gain market share and that's our view and that's the way we planned this year and for many years.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: That's helpful.
Steven Paladino: Hey Bob, let me just add one other things if I could please, so. We did talk a little bit about sales rebounding in Q2 and just to quote some numbers for you because we really didn't see it. If you look at the North American Dental consumable merchandise, Q1 was 0.8% growth and this is constant currency, local internal growth. But Q2 rebounded to 2.5% and similarly in Animal Health where constant currency growth in Q1 was slightly negative, it rebounded to 7.9% in Q2 of which 5.6% is the normalized number and even in medical it rebounded from 2% in Q1 to 3.9%. So, we really think that the overall market has normalized. We do think that sales growth trends as Stanley said, given the economy is continuing to improve. We're a bit optimistic that growth trends will continue but at a very gradual pace.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: No, that's actually helpful. And then Steve, actually if I could just ask you on the organic operating margin performance in the quarter, it looks like it was down about 60 basis points year-over-year. The trend hasn't been great there for a couple of quarters. Just was wondering if you could maybe share with us any sense by segment of where that margin pressures are actually coming from?
Steven Paladino: Sure. And I wouldn't really characterize it as margin pressure, but if you look at our report – I'm going to peel the onion, so starting with the reported. The reported operating margin was down 45 basis points year-over-year basis. The biggest contributor to that was acquisitions, which includes amortization and deal cost. So, if your pull-out the acquisitions as well by the way to inventory step up at the BioHorizons. If you pull all of that out, that was the biggest contributor and contributed almost half of that margin decline. The other components really are two things. One is, fastest growing businesses, the Animal Health business which was a fast growing also, is leaning as well as some other businesses leaning more towards corporate accounts. And as you know, they carry a little bit lower gross and operating margin. But still very nice profitability and returns on investment. That's a second contributor. And the third is really in our Dental equipment business. Dental equipment sales carry a little bit lower gross margin than our core dental business. We had very strong E4D/PlanScan sales growth. There was also some upgrades that occurred in that product category. But it's important to note, that even excluding the upgrades, PlanScan E4D was our fastest growing sub-category within Dental equipment. So, there's a lot of moving parts but overall it's really – I wouldn't characterize it as pressure, it is more as sales mix within business units.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: That's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: And next question comes from Kevin Ellich of Piper Jaffray.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffrey:  Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Hey, Steve, just wanted to follow up on that point. In your prepared remarks, you talked about the gross margin being affected by a change in sales mix. Was that really just the dental equipment and that mix shift in animal health growth or was there anything else that you guys saw this quarter affecting the gross margin?
Steven Paladino: No, there's a lot of moving parts but those are the only real significant ones, the rest were really smaller movements within our organic margin. So, the big ones were the two I just called out, yes.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffrey:  Okay, great. And then in the medical segment, just wondering if you guys have noticed any uptick in order growth or utilization from your customers. Are they seeing any volume increases from Medicaid expansion and healthcare reform yet?
Stanley Bergman: I don't think any major trends can be noticed. There are some accounts that are experiencing some additional traffic. Of course do believe and I've been saying this for a while now, that this is a longer trend and I think healthcare reform will in the long run have a positive impact on oral care. But, I don't think we can say that, we experience significant across the Board increase in business because our customers are seeing more younger people at this stage. So, I don't think the public is aware of this, I don't think companies are fully aware of all the provisions which are just been made clear about the administration. So, I do think this goes well for Dentistry in general and over time we will see more younger people going to see dentists. Of course dentist would experience some pressure on pricing per procedure, but that I think in the end will result in price pressure but more units. And we, I think are well-positioned to help those customers deal with practicing, practice management, most dental practitioners can take advantage of Dentrix and Easy Dental and some of other consulting services to really operate more efficient practice. And at the same time increase the quality of care. So, I think this gives us much more value to consulting one of our consultants in practice management and inevitably good for business model. But I don't think we can point to any specific immediate trends at this point other than there's a lot of buzz, I know that I'll be talking about it my address to the uses at our Business of Dentistry conference in Vegas and so this is something that is more and more important but it's not shifting any numbers in a material way at this point.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray:  Great. And then just going back to Animal Health, other than the diagnostic change you will face in 2015, are you seeing any positive impact from the new products that have been launched this year, like Apoquel, the anti-itch medication for dogs? And then there were a couple of new oral flea and tick medications that had pretty strong demand.
Stanley Bergman:  There are so many products that are puts and takes in this Animal Health business. And for us to start commenting on any one item, I think the one of the products you mentioned, we don't see [added] (ph). But suffice this to say, the market in the parasiticide will start a little bit later this year. And we believe that we continue to gain market share. It's a good market for us.
 : So, we remain very, very optimistic about our Animal Health business. We have a great global management team. I just actually on Thursday spent time with our team in Poland and our European management team, are more convinced than ever that we have a great, great team that will of course gain sales, market share and profitability for Henry Schein and some very good cash flow.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray:  Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Glen Santangelo of Crédit Suisse.
Jeff Bailin - Crédit Suisse: Morning. Thanks for the question. It's actually Jeff Bailin in for Glen. There has been a lot of discussion in the marketplace around one of the leading premium implant players potentially being for sale. I understand you are probably limited in your ability to discuss any specific properties, but given Henry Schein's investments in the lower and middle end of the implant market, could you just talk about whether a presence on the premium side of the implant market could ever make sense for you?
Stanley Bergman: Obviously we can't comment on this deal that's being touted around Wall Street or any other deal because if we do, that mean we'll have to comment on all sorts of things. So, our policy is generally not to comment on deals that have not been concluded. And so that there can be no inference, as to whether we're interested or not interested. But, inline with the question that was previously asked, we are most committed to the, the future of Dentistry and particularly the digitalization of Dentistry. And in that connection the implant is important, both the device itself and the prosthetic. And we need to be bigger players in the device and the prosthetics in all its forms, whether the prosthetics are custom milled or they're prefabricated. And there's a lot of software that's involved in this. So, one must be careful not to look at any particular part of our oral care equation ,the whole area of practice management, clinical and otherwise and pick one piece over the other. It's a whole continuum of care and we are very, very much understanding of the market today and where it's heading. And Henry Schein is committed as the largest provider of Dental products and services in the world to continue to be a place where Dentist look for guidance and the place where the Dentist can find the one stop solution. So, they will be roomed in the implant market for the high-end as people refer to more expensive implants. The middle high quality and I believe that both BioHorizons and Camlog has the best in implant systems in the marketplace that maybe less expensive. But if you look at Germany for example, we're selling more implants and may even have more dollars than anyone else in the marketplace. It is debatable how close we are to the number or whether we are the number one but the bottom-line our solution in Germany for example and some other countries is working well. BioHorizons is working well and we will add to that both in terms of the implant, the prosthetic, the software, the biologics, et cetera, so, we are interested in growing our position in the whole prosthetics field and on multiple upfront. And we believe we are well-positioned through our global prosthetics group to understand the dynamics and have excellent solutions. So, we are committed to the whole area of digital and prosthetics in general.
Jeff Bailin - Crédit Suisse: I appreciate all of that color. Maybe just one follow-up again on the dental market. Appreciate your commentary from earlier. As we look at the international performance, is there anything worth calling out in any specific geographies in terms of either accelerating or decelerating growth that are areas to watch?
Stanley Bergman: Yeah. I would say Europe in general is leaning towards a positive. You have to be very careful in shifting through what was a terrific IDS last year. I would say the market is leaning positive. There are few markets that are not so positive, few there a little bit more positive, but generally the market is positive. I would point out the one market that is doing exceptionally well at this point and that's Australia. I am not sure, yes, I think that there are probably people on this call that would recall, for sure that last year we spoke about very negative market. This previous government had withdrawn funding for oral care and that sucked out a lot of sales from the market. This government has reinstituted the support for oral care and providing excess to oral care general, to the underserved, and the mood in the Australian Dental market is exceptional. I just came back from the international sales meeting and the mood amongst our sales people, amongst our suppliers is excellent. Again, I think we are well-positioned to provide solutions. We have an outstanding consultative salesforce down there. We are the leader in software, and our well-positioned in CAD/CAM and had a number of very exciting products and exclusives that we offer them. So, I would have to say that if I think through and look around the world that is a very good market outside of Untied States and Canada.
Jeff Bailin - Crédit Suisse: Great. Thanks for the questions.
Operator: Our next question is from Jon Block of Stifel.
Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus: Great. Thanks, good morning. Maybe just to start -it was another solid quarter with North American dental equipment results. And, Steve, you mentioned a couple things before, but any color you can give specific to high-tech growth versus traditional? Then maybe if you could provide an update with where you are with the PlanScan rollout at Aspen practices? Thank you.
Steven Paladino: Sure. I'll give you some detail, the North American equipment growth, the total growth was 10.8%. Again it was across the board in both traditional and high-tech equipments, specifically traditional equipment was about 6.8% growth and high-tech was little over 17% growth. And within high-tech again, our PlanScan E4D product was the fastest growing category of all equipment traditional or otherwise. So, we're very happy with the performance there. I'll also say that equipment, the backlog continues to be strong. So, we have that strong equipment growth but we continue to have a good backlog at the end of the quarter both domestically and internationally. With related to, I don't know the particulars on the Aspen roll-out, to be honest with you. But I would say that that was not a major driver in our overall sales growth but I don't really know the particulars on that.
Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus: Okay, perfect. Fair enough. Then, secondly, just to shift gears, you started the Q&A off talking about Animal Health and specific to IDEX and you have mentioned you have seen other manufacturers go exclusive before. But can you talk to us specifically about your salesforce and your salesforce's ability to move market share and maybe what you've seen in the past when other manufacturers have gone ahead and opted to go down the direct road? Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: I want to be careful not to turn these things, but very good question, and if I were you, I'd be asking or trying to figure this out as well. But I want to be careful not to make this a negative comment. So, let me just begin with, I think you've seen in the Dental market in the past, that's one manufacturer to deciding to limit distribution, to one distributor or two. And I think you've seen our track record and our ability to respond in a professional way and in fact gain market share. I think you could see similar trends in the Animal Health space around pet food, nutritional food and I think you've seen that, we've also done okay in that regard. We've also done very well in explaining to manufacturers that broad distribution is in the interest of the customer as was the case when we made our investment in Butler Schein at the time, now Henry Schein Animal Health. With that time, Henry Schein was representing five or six manufacturers and Butler at that time was representing one because of market, the market issues, the manufacturers wouldn't allow us to, one manufacturer wouldn't allow us to carry the competitors line or all of the stuff in the end when you open up the market is better for consumer and what's better for the consumer is better for Henry Schein. So, if you look at all that history, you will see that anytime there's been a strength, generally it's inhibited the market. Any time it has opened up, it is much better for a market, any time you have competition, it's better, I'm a big fan of the free markets and this restriction business in the end doesn't pay off, I think Henry Schein has a long tradition – there are examples where it works better because you may need more resources in one way or other to advance the product. But I think Henry Schein's history as a outstanding value added distributor has shown that we've always been able to find the right balance of products with. There were restrictions on limiting us to sell dental chairs or there were restrictions at one point to limit us from selling anesthetic, because the leading anesthetic company at the time, with 70% or 80% market share decided to go direct. In the end we are the largest provider of anesthetic in the world today, with sensors at one point or another. We were restricted us from the leading brand. Today we are the largest provider in sensors. The largest provider of dental chairs. The largest provider of 3D X-ray and all of these things, they're in the end are not good for the customer. So, I would say they are always exceptions and I am quite sure that our track record if examined carefully, - Steven would be happy to take you through specifics. I don't this is the time today to name particular companies. But this is all public information and you could see that generally Henry Schein has done, okay. And these thing are sometimes a waste of time but at the end invariably Henry Schein turns out to be a better company.
Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus: Perfect. Thanks so much for the comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Johnson of Robert Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird:  Thanks. Good morning, guys. Just a couple quick follow-ups here. Steve, was hoping I could go back to maybe Bob's question on the North American dental consumables market. And I hear your answer, things getting better sequentially and obviously you can see that in the numbers, so that's good. If I adjust for selling days, it seems like you maybe even were up closer to the low end of that, the normalized historical range we think about at 4% to 6% or so. Is it fair to think then as we go through the rest of the year? I know you don't guide by segment and don't guide growth in that, but it feels like if we adjust we get back up to that kind of number. Is it fair to think about that being a reasonable target for the back half of the year?
Steven Paladino: So, again, I don't want to give specifics but I do think that the potential for our sales growth to accelerate on the merchandise, we feel like there is potential for that to occur. If you look it within the quarter, both May and June were stronger than April, so, it did accelerate within the quarter. July was also a good month for consumable merchandise, for us now one month does not make a quarter, so don't be too much into that. But it's still good directionally. So we do feel like there is potential for some slight acceleration going forward. But again Jeff, since we don't give specifics, I'd rather not be specific on that.
Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird: The May, June, July comments are helpful there, so I appreciate that. Then my only other question really is on the cash flow side; a nice rebound here this quarter, at least relative to last quarter. Year-over-year still down. I think that is a comparison issue, if I remember right, from early 2013 where there are some reversals from late 2012. But bottom line, are you still thinking cash flow both operating cash flow and even it looks like free cash flow here can grow nicely above net income this year and kind of over the next few years? Is that still a reasonable target? One. And, two, CapEx may be a little bit higher than we are thinking so far through this year. Just what should the CapEx target be this year? Thanks.
Steven Paladino: Okay. So, we do feel like if we look forward on operating cash flow, it should grow at similar rates as our bottom line net income growth. So, we do believe that that is very achievable growth for us. Remember, there's a little bit of a more difficult comparison both in Q1 and Q2 because last year on cash flow we got the reversal of the medical device excise tax, the buy-in that we did in the prior year. So, it's a little bit of a more difficult comparable related to that. And I'm just trying to remember, your second question on CapEx, yeah, this year the CapEx is a little bit higher than normal. We'll probably be something just north of $60 million of CapEx, maybe in the mid 60 something like that. So it is a little bit higher than typical this year because of some investments. But we do feel good about organic cash flow overall.
Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird:  Okay. It just sounds like the CapEx run rate can slow down then a little bit from what we have seen in the first half. That's fair?
Steven Paladino: Yeah, like I said, we should be in the mid 60s for the full year.
Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird:  Okay. That's helpful. Thanks.
Steven Paladino: Okay.
Operator: Your final question is from John Kreger of William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair:  Hi. Thanks very much. Stan, you've talked about digital restorative dentistry being a very big trend. Can you just contrast what you are seeing in the North American versus the European markets? Which region are you seeing embrace this trend more aggressively based upon the kind of order flow you are getting?
Stanley Bergman: That's a good question. Look, digital dentistry, digital prosthetic dentistry is much more than chair side, right. I think chair side gets a lot of attention because some owners of public company and Patterson and Schein are public company. But there's lot more to this. The whole digital prosthetic arena, many of the companies in that space and I forgot to mention, Dentsply and to some extent 3M as well. But for Dentsply and 3M, and particularly 3M, it is not – doesn't come out in the numbers. So, Wall Street is focused truly I think on the public sector and there's much more behind this, as the whole area of prosthetics is largely, to a very large extent in the hands of small private companies, and some actually larger companies but in the private sector. So, the area of prosthetics and if you go even further, you'll see that you have the implants. And some of those companies do have, the public companies do have an element of digital prosthetics as well. So, we have to understand this market in a very broad sense and where it's headed. As far as the chair side, I think Europe of course is little bit more advanced because CEREC was introduced in Europe over a quarter century ago, and particularly in Germany. So, the goal is of course to find new customers. And then each new customer presents an opportunity for the digital materials et cetera, et cetera. So, Europe is more advanced than the U.S. it's relatively new in the U.S. I would say primarily because it is only offered through one distributor. Now the market is being serviced by us as well. So, now you have about two-thirds of the dental distributors with digital solutions. There's another, one or two other solutions that are offered by some of our smaller competitors, but the whole awareness of digital dentistry prosthetics is going. So, I speak to you as the pick-up in this regard off, I think a smaller base per capita, per dentist than Europe. So, I think the opportunities are good in both sides, on both sides of the Atlantic and also in other markets, Australia as well. I don't want to comment on Japan because we're not in that market yet, so, but I believe that so, the whole area of digital materials is getting very, very exciting. And there are a lot of players that will enter this market and I think you'll see all sorts of exciting tools coming from different players and through Henry Schein. And I am not only, again, referring to the chair side but the whole laboratory side as well where there is a lot of activity going on. Smaller companies, lot of innovations and the labs are automating in a rather rapid way. There are going to be fewer labs, bigger labs, more capital intensive and so this whole market is very, very exciting. But I caution, Wall Street not to view this through the lands of just a few companies but to take a look at the whole market and I think for all the dental players this is going to be exciting. I think, Danaher also just announced their entry into the space. So, this whole world is getting exciting and it's far more complex then just looking at through the lanes of one or two companies.
John Kreger - William Blair:  Very helpful, thanks. Maybe just one more. Steve, would you be able to give us your organic growth rates in some of those -- your dental specialty categories? I am curious of those are growing faster or slower than your general consumable trend?
Steven Paladino: The answer is generally yes. This quarter though because of again Camlog is probably the biggest of our specialty group and because of one less selling day in Germany and that's the strongest market, you have to adjust for that. And if you adjust for that, the specialty numbers are growing at a faster rate than the basic dental consumable numbers. Again but you have to adjust for Germany because of that one less selling day.
John Kreger - William Blair: Great. Thank you.
Steven Paladino: Okay.
Stanley Bergman: Okay. So, thank you everybody for calling in. Appreciate your interest. I think we at Henry Schein are in three very, very exciting markets that are going through transformation, where they are ready to provide value added services, where they, - not only on technology offering but a whole host of value-added services. The dental market is exciting, going through transformation and we are very well-positioned, the largest provider of dental products and services in the world. Likewise on the Animal Health side, a lot of exciting developments there. I believe, strategically we're well placed. We've made some good decisions along the way and are well-positioned now to execute on those decisions. It's a global positioning. The largest distributor of Animal Health products, very, very exciting. And then the Medical business, we have been waiting for this transformation now for six, seven, eight years. We created a health care services group almost six years ago, they are doing well, they are doing well with these large accounts of the IDNs. Of course, this is all a trend and nothing materials is going to happen in one quarter or two but directionally Henry Schein is well placed. And I believe our strategies are good, the morale in the company is good and we're generating good cash flow as a company. And so, I thank you for your interest. And have a great rest of the summer. And we'll be back again in about 90 days. Thanks.
Operator: This does conclude the conference. You may all disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Vice President of Investor Relations Stanley M. Bergman - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Executive Director
Analysts: Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Michael Cherny - ISI Group Inc., Research Division John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein First Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's results for the first quarter of 2014. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. The contents of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, May 6, 2014. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. [Operator Instructions] With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased to begin 2014 with a solid first quarter financial report despite severe weather conditions throughout much of the U.S. While we believe our U.S. sales in each of our business groups adversely impacted by weather, we are pleased with our first quarter EPS performance and to be affirming our 2014 financial guidance. In a moment, I'll provide some additional commentary on our performance, and we are generally quite pleased with the performance of each of our business units and generally across the board, taking into account the weather-related issues. And so Steven will now take you through the specifics of the quarterly financial results, and I'll be back with some additional comments.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stan, and good morning. I am also pleased to report solid results for the first quarter of 2014. Before we begin, I'd like to point out that our prior year first quarter results included a onetime noncash expense related to the refinancing of the Henry Schein Animal Health debt. If you look at Exhibit B of this morning's earnings release, you can see a reconciliation of that onetime non-GAAP item to GAAP net income and EPS from continuing operations. So I'd like to begin by discussing a factor that affected our sales growth for the quarter. Our 2014 first quarter U.S. sales for Dental, Animal Health and Medical were negatively impacted by severe winter weather, as Stanley just mentioned. So while it's extremely difficult to quantify the precise impact, there are a few important comments I'd like to make about that. First, we do not believe that the weather conditions had any material impact on our equipment or our Technology sales in the quarter. Second, we estimate that the impact was in the range of 1% to 2% of our sales in both our Dental consumable and Medical businesses. Third, we believe that the Animal Health sales in the U.S. was impacted by a greater amount since the adverse weather conditions across most of the U.S., especially in the south, delayed the start of the parasiticide season. Finally, with that as a backdrop, let me also mention that we have seen all of our U.S. businesses rebound in April, giving us confidence that the weather impact in Q1 was an anomaly. So let's turn to the specific sales performance for Q1. Our net sales for the quarter ended March 29, 2014, were $2.4 billion, reflecting a 6% increase compared with the first quarter of 2013. This consists of 5.6% growth in local currency and a 0.4% growth related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, internally generated sales increased 2.9% and acquisition growth was an additional 2.7%. You can see the details of all of our sales growth contained in Exhibit A of our earnings news release. If you look at the operating margin for the quarter, it was -- 6.5% was the operating margin for first quarter 2014, and that declined by 23 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2013. However, when excluding the impact of acquisitions completed during the past 12 months and related expenses, our operating margin was relatively flat and contracted only by 4 basis points. I'd also like to point out that in the "other income" section of our P&L, included in the "other, net" line is a contractual payment of $4.2 million pretax or $0.03 per share from a European Animal Health supplier. This payment was due to a change to a nonexclusive sales model. Previously, it was an exclusive sales model. So while we continue to sell this product on a nonexclusive basis, we have also begun to distribute other brands in this product category. If you look at our effective tax rate for the quarter, it was 31.2%, which is down from 31.9% in the first quarter of 2013 and is in line with our previous guidance. The lower tax rate is due to the implementation of ongoing tax planning strategies, as well as high earnings in countries with lower corporate tax rates. We expect our effective tax rate to be in the 30% to 31% range for the remainder of the year. The net income attributable to Henry Schein for the first quarter of 2014 was $102.1 million or $1.18 per diluted share. This represented growth of 8.4% and 11.3%, respectively, compared with the first quarter of 2013 when excluding the onetime expense related to the debt refinancing that I previously mentioned. Foreign currency exchange did not have any material impact on our EPS for the quarter. If you look at some of the detail of our sales results, our Dental sales for the first quarter of 2014 increased by 8.9% to $1.3 billion. The 8.9% growth included 8.6% growth in local currencies and 0.3% gain related to foreign currency exchanges. If you look at the local currency internally generated sales growth, that was 3.5% and acquisition growth contributed an additional 5.1%, which is primarily related to the completion of the BioHorizons and Arseus acquisitions. The 3.5% internal growth in local currencies consisted of 3.6% growth in North America and 3.3% growth in International. And both of these figures are local internal growth. I'll give you some detail behind each of the North American International sales growth results. The 3.6% local internal growth in North America included 0.8% growth in sales of Dental consumable merchandise and 15.7% growth in Dental equipment sales and service revenue. Let me point out that the U.S. Dental equipment sales in the first quarter of 2013 were impacted by the medical device excise tax that accelerated sales into the fourth quarter of 2012. This resulted in a little bit of an easier comparison in the first quarter of 2014. The 3.3% local internal growth in the International Dental sales included 3.7% growth in Dental consumable merchandise and 2.4% increase in Dental equipment sales and service revenue. Remember that Easter and Passover holidays, as well as the IDS show, all occurred in Q1 2013 and that also made for a little bit of an easier comparison this year. And just to note, of course, Easter and Passover are in the second quarter this year and the IDS show is not in 2014 and scheduled for 2015. Let me comment although there were several factors including the severe weather that I previously discussed that impacted our Dental sales growth in Q1, we continue to be very pleased with the overall performance. If we look at the Animal Health sales, there were $654.5 million in the first quarter, an increase of 2.4%, and that included 2% in local currencies and 0.4% in foreign exchange. If we look at the 2% local currency growth, it included a small decline of 0.4% in North America and 4.2% growth internationally. Again, the decline in the North American sales is largely attributable to the weather, which had a larger impact on the Animal Health business since adverse weather conditions, again, also delayed the start of the parasiticide season. I'd like to mention that in previous quarters, we normalized our results for the North American Animal Health sales for the switch to agency sales. However, this quarter, it did not have any material impact on our sales for the quarter. Medical sales were $397.4 million in the first quarter, an increase of 2.2%, which includes 2% local currency growth and 0.2% foreign currency exchange growth. In that 2% internal growth at local currencies, North America grew by 2% and International grew by 0.9%. Again, sales growth in the Medical business was impacted by the adverse weather conditions also, but despite that impact in Q1, we remain confident that our strategy of focusing on large group practices resulted in market share growth. Turning to our Technology and Value-Added Services sales, they were $81.3 million in the quarter, an increase of 8.9%, and this included 8.6% local currency growth and 0.3% growth related to foreign currency exchange. The internally generated sales growth in local currencies was 6.2% and acquisitions contributed an additional 2.4%. Within that 6.2% growth, North America grew by 4.8% and International grew by 14.2%. Remember though, I mentioned last quarter that we are now selling a specific U.S. dental software product on an agency basis. Last year was a traditional sale and this year, it's now an agency sale. And while that change lowered our sales in the Technology and Value-Added Service business by about $3.8 million in the quarter, again, there was no change in the profitability of this product line. It's really just a switch to an agency sale. When you normalize results and take into account for the switch to an agency sale, our internal growth in local currencies was actually 11.2%, including 10.7% in North America. So we're really very pleased with the double-digit normalized sales growth in our Technology and Value-Added Services segment. With respect to stock repurchase, we continue to repurchase stock, common stock in the open market during the quarter. Specifically, we repurchased 647,000 shares at an average price of $116.34, which translates to about $75.3 million in cash. The impact of this repurchase in the first quarter EPS was not material. And to remind people, at the end of the quarter, we still have about $225 million authorized for future repurchases, and we remain committed to our goal of repurchasing between $200 million and $300 million of our stock for the year 2014. If you look at the balance sheet and cash flow, as is typical for us, our operating cash flow for the quarter was negative. It was negative by $55.2 million. That compares to a negative $38 million in last year's first quarter. And one of the reasons for the high negative cash flow in 2014 is that we did see the reversal last year of the inventory investments made related to the medical device excise tax that occurred last year. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding was relatively flat at a little over 40 days or 40.8 days for the quarter, and our inventory turns for the first quarter also are relatively unchanged at 5.6 turns. I'll just conclude my remarks by affirming our 2014 financial guidance as follows: for 2014, we expect diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein to be in the range of $5.29 to $5.39, and that represents a growth of 7% to 9% over the actual 2013 results, again, excluding that onetime item. And as always, the 2014 guidance is for continuing operations, as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions, but not any future acquisitions. So with that, I'll turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Let me take a few minutes to provide additional detail on each of our business units. In doing so, I'd like to underscore the theme of our 2013 annual report, which shareholders recently received in the mail. That theme is Rely on Us, and it speaks to enhancing engagement with all 5 of our constituents, namely: our customers, our supplier partners, Team Schein Members, society and, of course, our shareholders. Let me start by reviewing our Dental business. Growth in North America was highlighted by equipment sales and service revenue, which posted robust internal growth in local currencies of 16%, albeit against a somewhat easier comparison to growth of less than 1% in the same quarter in 2013. The strong growth was evident across the board in our Dental equipment business. In our International Dental business, consumable merchandise growth accelerated sequentially with internal growth in local currencies of 3.7%. This is the highest we've seen in nearly 2 years. International equipment sales and service revenue, total growth was 11.7%, including 2.4% internal growth and was bolstered by strategic acquisitions. Last December, Planmeca announced a strategic investments in E4D technologies, the manufacturer of our E4D chairside scanning and milling system. Today, the system is marketed under the PlanScan brand, and reception by the dental community to date has been quite positive. Henry Schein continues to exclusively distribute the E4D product, the PlanScan technology, in the U.S., Canada, Australia and New Zealand. Planmeca has a reputation as a well-respected innovative, multinational dental equipment manufacturer. The alignment with E4D is expected to help improve continued adoption of chairside industry, and a strong knowledge of manufacturing should open the door to greater capacity in developing new systems, primarily in the E4D facility in Texas. In addition, Planmeca is delivering benefits in terms of seamless integration with digital imaging technology used in many dental practices today, and we are very pleased with our PlanScan E4D sales growth for the first quarter of 2014, which continues to be one of our fastest categories. Let me just also add that the E4D system will integrate with many other brands as well, but we are very pleased with the progress that has been made from a manufacturing point of view and from a sales and marketing point of view with the now PlanScan system that we are selling in these specific markets for U.S., Canada, Australia and New Zealand. The first part of every year is a especially busy time for Henry Schein as we hold various national sales meetings. The Dental Special Markets meeting brought together about 125 Team Schein Members throughout the country and approximately 100 representatives from the 60 supplier partners. Our Dental Special Markets business focuses on large group -- large corporate accounts. These are the large groups, government agencies, dental schools and other institutions. As is true with all sales meetings, this event included presentations by company executives, breakout sessions, educational seminars and, of course, the supplier exhibit. Importantly, the meeting presented opportunity for Team Schein Members and our supplier partners to learn from one another. By interacting directly, we can be sure that our sales team has the best possible knowledge of the market we serve and the products we offer. Prominently featured at this year's National Sales Meeting for our corporate accounts in Dental Special Markets group was the implant product line from our recently completed acquisition, BioHorizons, and we are pleased that BioHorizons is performing slightly ahead of our expectations. And a lot going on in the Special Markets arena. In particular, very large accounts and there's a group of midsized accounts. And as you would expect, Henry Schein is breaking down these various accounts into appropriate categories and providing the appropriate specialty sales support, backed up by specialty marketing support and value-added services for these groups of accounts. Certainly, we'd be happy to answer more questions on this in the Q&A. Let me now focus on the Animal Health arena. Although we face some challenges in the quarter due to weather here in North America, it's important to note that because we operate in a leadership position in an attractive market, we look forward to continued steady growth here in North America in the mid, potentially even towards the high single-digit in future quarters. These growth expectations are consistent with our previous comments and, of course, one has to take into account adjustments as one moves from GAAP sales to agency sales and back again. Indeed, during the first quarter, we were delighted to be named as the exclusive distributor in the U.S. for Iams' therapeutic line of dog and cat food solutions. Henry Schein shares a strong commitment to supporting animal nutrition and the veterinary care, and raising awareness of its vital impact on the overall pet market and pet health care in general. Our International Animal Health internal sales growth in local currencies during the first quarter was solid and was, in fact, the highest we have reported in 1.5 years. We saw particular strength in the U.K., Belgium, Spain, Portugal and Australia. And just at the close of the quarter, we announced the completion of the acquisition of approximately 80% of the shares of Medivet with annual sales of $86 million. As we have previously discussed, Medivet is the leading distributor of Animal Health products and services in Poland and provides a strategic base for expansion into Eastern Europe's growing Animal Health market. Now in early March, we held our Animal Health National Sales Meeting. This 5-day event featured a record number of more than 600 Team Schein Members and participants from suppliers. As with Dental Special Markets Meetings -- as with the Dental Special Markets meeting, this forum included a multitude of training and educational sessions along with opportunities to learn about new products and services offerings from suppliers and a sharing of best practices. Really, another very, very good meeting. If we look forward to the fall, we recently announced we will be hosting the second annual Veterinary Technology Summit in early September. This is a particularly exciting industry event that combines practice management courses with training on our cutting-edge software for veterinarians and their staff and more. We take pride in the technology leadership for many reasons, not the least of which is that it strengthens the bond between Henry Schein and our customers and allows veterinarians to run efficient practices while providing the highest level of clinical care. We are proud to have a leading market position in the U.S. for installed systems and believe that more than 50% of companion animal clinics are using one of our many software systems, 2 major systems and other 3 or 4 other systems. Continuing with our commitment to advanced technology and practice efficiency, early in the second quarter, we launched a free iPad app for our U.S. Animal Health customers. This app includes features such as product search capability and purchase history and ability to browse and select from more than 17,000 products available on the Henry Schein website in Animal Health space. Our new mobile ordering app raises the bar for flexibility and convenience, and coupled with expert advice and tailored solutions we provide makes Henry Schein Animal Health a unique resource to our veterinary customers. Let me now turn briefly to our Medical group. As I think everyone knows, North America represents 94%, about 94% of group sales. So it's primarily a U.S. business. Our strategic sales force for the past several years has been focused on large group practices and the IDN methodology, the IDN, integrated delivery networks. We are making solid progress with this strategy and are seeing positive results. Yet, I note that onboarding of these new accounts, these large accounts, generally takes longer than is for the small accounts or solo practitioners, so we're quite optimistic that this program, which has generated good interest amongst these larger accounts, specifically IDNs, will yield good sales results as the year goes by. At our annual Medical National Sales Meeting, more than 700 Team Schein Members, along with representatives from 145 exhibiting companies, gathered together to ensure our continued success in serving our physician customers. There's a lot of change occurring in this marketplace, and we believe we're still the fastest-growing provider of products to physician offices and alternate care sites. And we look forward to benefiting from the trends being driven by public policy as manifested by the Affordable Care Act, that are changing business models and deliveries of health care and as the movement towards wellness, the movements toward preventative care and the movement from the hospital to the alternate care sites, all we believe play well into our focus in the medical arena. So let me conclude my business overview with some discussion on Technology and the Value-Added Services group. Growth in this unit was driven by software sales, which were good, and Value-Added Services. More if anyone has any questions. But generally, sales performance in this area was heavily driven by recurring revenue as we leverage and expand our relationship with our software customers. This group remains a very, very good contributor to profits, but, more importantly, to providing value-added services and stickiness in terms of relationship building with our customers. So let me conclude. Some very good news, which I think many of our shareholders may be aware of. And I think these 2 points that I want to stress run to the success of Henry Schein, run to our corporate culture, which in the end has been the driver of success. The markets -- many of the businesses that we're in have lots and lots of competitors, and barriers to entry are relatively easy, but what has resulted in us being, we believe, so successful is our culture. We were recently recognized as 2014 World's Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere Institute, which is an independent center of research promoting best practices and corporate ethics and governance. We're 1 of only 144 companies awarded this honor across 41 industries, 22 countries and 5 continents. This is the third consecutive year Henry Schein has received this award, which recognizes organizations that continue to raise the bar on ethical leadership and corporate behavior. Also, we were ranked first on Fortune's World's Most Admired Companies list for 2014 in the wholesale health care industry. According to Fortune Magazine, the World's Most Admired Companies list is the definitive report card on corporate reputations. We also are first in each of 9 subcategories of ranking, an accomplishment we never achieved before. This year marks the 13th consecutive year that Henry Schein was named on the Fortune Most Admired Companies list. I think we became a Fortune company 13 years ago. So with that overview on our quarterly financial and operating performance, thank you for your attention. There's so much to talk about Henry Schein, so we'd be happy if shareholders or investors would like to ask specific questions about specific areas. So I'll turn the call over to the operator now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robert Jones, Goldman Sachs.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just on the North American sales. You guys highlighted equipment and clearly, some very strong growth there in what I imagine was a fairly tough environment in North America. You also, Stanley, highlighted the relationship with Planmeca and the satisfaction you guys have there around E4D product. I was wondering if maybe you could spend a little time discussing within equipment, what drove the significant growth in Q1. Just trying to get a better sense for how much of it was market-driven versus share gains.
Stanley M. Bergman: It's a very good question. There's no IMS data that is that accurate on the equipment side. But we believe that overall, the equipment market in the U.S. is doing better. We believe that we are much better positioned today than we've ever been to offer every kind of system that a practitioner may need. We believe we have an outstanding offering. Major suppliers are working quite well with us generally. Always room for improvement here or there. But overall, I think we are -- we've done well in traditional equipment and generally across the board in North America. So I mean please do remember, as Steven pointed out, that 2013 first quarter was a particularly challenging quarter. I think we only had 1% growth, but so if you take the 1% and you take the and another 16% or something like that, you add it together, 17%, it's still 8.5% internal growth or something like that, right? This is all internal growth, Steven?
Steven Paladino: Yes.
Stanley M. Bergman: It's quite good, it's 3x the GDP. Yes, I think we are gaining market share, we believe, in most categories, but we think the dentists are investing in their practices.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Let me just add, Bob, just to give a little more color. As Stanley said it, but to give you a little bit more detail, across-the-board equipment sales growth was strong. Traditional was in the high single-digit growth. High-tech was much faster than that, and it blended obviously to that 15.7%. And within high-tech, PlanScan, I think was one of -- it was either the highest or one of the highest product category. So PlanScan/E4D did very well also. So really, it was broad-based and across-the-board, so we were pleased with that.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And I guess just switching gears over to the international business, it sounded like consumables there was actually very strong. I was just curious if maybe you could talk about within Europe what pockets exceeded your expectations, and how are you thinking about the consumable growth across Europe for the balance of the year?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, I think we've been saying this for a while. Europe is stabilizing not back to where it was, but I think it would be fair to say that there are not many markets that are in heavy decline or immediate decline. So the mood is a little bit better. Of course, there's challenges not the way it was, but generally practitioners can access funding. I think we have done, perhaps, a little bit better job in the marketplace, because our funding services, we've taken the Henry Schein Financial Services to Europe and that's doing quite well. But overall, I think the big markets Germany, France and the U.K. are okay. Please take into account that in the first quarter of 2013, we had the IDS impact. Some people didn't buy it because of holding off for the IDS to take into account, but generally those few markets are okay. Italy is still not good, but the 3 anchors are okay, and the rest kind of cancel each other out, but it's definitely leaning well into the positive category from a mood point of view, although there are, of course, challenges. Europe is still not completely back to where it was.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo from Credit Suisse.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Stanley, just want to follow up on some of the comments that you made with respect to the U.S. I think you seem to suggest that consumable growth was maybe 0.8%, maybe weather sort of impacted that in the range of 1% to 2%. So as I think about growth in the U.S., is it kind of fair to say that normalized to weather, we're kind of in that 2% to 3% range, which really doesn't feel like it's gotten any stronger or any weaker from where we were trending in the past couple of quarters. And then just to kind of reconcile that to Bob's question around Europe, it kind of sounds like Europe clearly organically, it grew faster this quarter than the U.S, which is a definite change from where we were for the last couple of years.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, that's an interesting and obviously a very logical conclusion. When we're talking about such small basis point differences, it's very hard to make concrete conclusions. I think the U.S. economy we know is growing a couple of hundred basis points, and dentistry is about there and Henry Schein picks up a little bit of market share. So we do maybe a little bit better with some of the bigger accounts. Some say that, that's pricing issue in those accounts. Yes, but we also -- there are some pricing issues, but we get good support from manufacturers, and above all, I think we have the best systems in that field. So generally, I think we're doing Henry Schein little bit better than the economy, and so I think the U.S. is in the 2%, 3% range, it's definitely more than 2%, how much more than 3% it is, I don't know, but we're talking about those kinds of ranges, maybe a little bit better than 3% for the time being, and Europe had good equipment sales in there, but I think Europe is doing a tad better than we thought for the time being. Also, please, please remember the Easter affect. I hate to go into these little basis point adjustments, but you've got the weather, you got Easter, but we are comfortable that we're going to grow at the GDP plus 100, 200 basis points, something like that. That's what we've been talking about for years. We believe that our businesses are well positioned to do that.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Maybe if I just follow-up with Steve, 1 question on the guidance. It kind of sounds like you had a pretty big beat here, at least on an EPS basis, and I listened to prepared remarks, it sounds like the acquisitions are doing well, you saw the business rebound in April, you know ultimately Animal Health, I think, Stan suggests it was going to rebound up to mid- to high-single digits. And so as I look at the range that you provided for the full year, it kind of implies decelerating growth, at least on an EPS basis throughout the balance of the year. I'm just trying to reconcile the comments with that expectation, and maybe it's just sort of 1Q and you want to remain on the conservative side here, but I'm just kind of curious if there's anything that will impact the growth over the past couple, I'm sorry, over the next couple quarters that are worth calling out.
Steven Paladino: Sure. So first, I think your last comment is true. I think it's still early in the year, and we want to have a little bit of a conservatism to our guidance. If you recall last quarter, I was saying that we thought EPS growth would accelerate beyond Q1. And if you look at the benefit we have on other income, which was about $0.03, we weren't expecting that to occur in Q1. It was part of our original guidance. It was either 1 or 2 things were going to happen when we gave guidance with that European Animal Health supplier, either we were going to continue the exclusivity, and that would have continued for the year, or the change would have occurred, which happened, and we weren't expecting that benefit in Q1. So really when you exclude that, our EPS growth was just under 9%, which is still at the high end of our full year guidance. And again, other than trying to be a little bit conservative, and it's early in the year, that was really the change in Q1 from what we thought would happen from a timing perspective the last quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Steve, maybe I can start with you on the equipment side. On the traditional versus the high-tech break out that you gave on the growth rates, could you remind us kind of what percentage as you fill in buckets of traditional versus high-tech, what percentage of your North American Dental equipment would fall into traditional versus high-tech?
Steven Paladino: Sure. Generally, the traditional equipment runs about 60%, 65% of overall equipment in the high-tech as a balance. There is a little bit of variation between quarters, because sometimes the high-tech equipment accelerates at a faster rate, but that's a basic breakout that we typically see.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, fair enough. And then do you feel like with upper single digits on the traditional side, and I know the corporate business seems like it's helping you out this year a decent amount, but do you feel like you're taking share there across the industry on the traditional side. And then on the PlanScan side, I hear your numbers or I hear your comments that it was your first or second highest growth rate product in the quarter, is there any independent data out there or anything you could point to on a unit basis? Are you from a new system sale taking 10%, 15% of new system sales currently, higher, lower than that? Just anything you could ballpark would be helpful there as well.
Steven Paladino: It's -- I think we're definitely doing very well in PlanScan. It's really hard to tell how many units versus the competition, but it feels like we're accelerating our market penetration. There's really not good data on that, that I know off, so it's hard to say with certainty. We have the benefit this quarter that not only were we shipping new units on PlanScan, we also shipped a fair amount of upgrades, and we have the upgrade program for -- it wasn't a big part of our customer base that had the potential from upgrades, but it still did have an impact in Q1. And the good news is also we're not feeling like we're constrained from a supply point of view, we're feeling like the supply is now catching up to where it needs to be. So I still feel like PlanScan will be a very strong grower for the remainder of the year and into the future years also.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And your comments then if I could follow up on anything on traditional side if you feel like you're taking share, or even in the private practitioner channel there?
Steven Paladino: Yes. I think we have to be, because I can't believe that the market grew at high single digits on the traditional side. I Just can't believe it grew that high. So again, there's not good data on that, there is some data that comes out, but by the time it comes out, it will be 30 or 60 days from now, so we'll know at that point with some of the market data that comes out. But again, you know the market pretty well also, I doubt the market was growing high single digits in Q1 in traditional.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes. Fair enough. Last question, Stanley, I think, over the years, you guys have had trouble finding any credible partners in Russia, I guess is one way to phrase it, but just to confirm, you don't -- no real exposure to Russia, Ukraine in some of the issues going on there?
Stanley M. Bergman: No, no. Anybody from Russia wants to buy, we'll be delighted to sell, but had to come to one of our operations in Europe or in the U.S.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffrey.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: First, in the Animal Health business, just wondering if you have any updated thoughts on what potential industry consolidation between Novartis Animal Health and Elanco might have on the business? And also there were a number of new products that were introduced this year, wondering if you've seen any benefit or any issues with supplies on next [indiscernible]
Stanley M. Bergman: 2 Maybe Steven knows the specific products, but I really can't comment, they were reported on some board meeting, but I just don't remember. Look, we have a good relationship with both Novartis, and Elanco Eli Lilly, just been a very good relationship with both of them. We do not expect any significant impact to ourselves once the Novartis business becomes part of Lilly, and we expect Lilly to continue to support us and enjoy -- and we believe we'll enjoy the benefits of really outstanding relationship that we built with the Lilly Elanco team over the years, not only here in the U.S. but worldwide. We also had a very good relationship with Novartis, so I have to say that we are very pleased with this combination and believe it will be a benefit to the industry, and I believe Henry Schein will be a beneficiary of this too, so we're very pleased. But, of course, I think a lot of this will only have an impact in one way or another in 2015, because these are quite substantial companies from a Animal Health point of view, and there's going to be a lot of merger activity taking place. So I think there are going to be, my guess is internally focused for a while before they spend a lot of time advancing market share et cetera, but could not be happier.
Steven Paladino: So I was going to add with respect to the specific products you just mentioned, while I'm quite frankly, not familiar with those 2 specific products, I think I can say that I'm not aware of any significant product issue on the Animal Health side. So we can double check that for you, but I think if there was a significant issue I would have heard about it.
Stanley M. Bergman: The only issue in the Animal Health Care was the seasonality thing. That was a big issue because of the weather.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And you've seen improvement in April from the weather impact, is that correct, Stan?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. I'm not sure you can conclude that April is a trend, but April so far -- and we generally do not provide monthly guidance, but I think given the severe impact in the first quarter, we thought it was important to provide essentially what happened in April. And yes, it's not bad.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. And then just last question. On the medical business, we saw a little bit of internal growth this quarter in North America. As we move throughout the year with ACA benefit expanded coverage, are you expecting a ramp? And does your guidance -- have you built into your guidance a ramp in utilization and volumes that might drive incremental growth in that business?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, I think we can't confirm specific numbers obviously, but I think from the tone we tried to convey perhaps, over the last 2 years or so, or even longer, we're quite optimistic that our position in the U.S. medical space, we decided to focus on consolidating entities, the large entities multiple locations under common management, as well as the IDN, these are the integrated delivery network systems. These are hospitals that are earning practices, et cetera. And we believe this is the rapidly growing part of the market, these two. And that's an area we focused on. We believe we're well positioned, we believe we're landing some very nice accounts. They take time to integrate, it's hard to tell the exact day when business moves over, but we've actually done quite well in winning some of these accounts, and believe we're in a very good position to serve these accounts. Exactly when the business comes, it's so hard to tell so we have to remain quite conservative. And so I think the Affordable Act will, in the end, result in many more Americans seeing a primary care physician, that is a fact. When this all kicks in, very hard to tell. But the part of the market that we serve will be servicing more, the practitioners will be seeing more patients in a preventative wellness setting, and that means more gloves and masks and all things that we sell. So we remain quite optimistic, but I think Steven rightly so has been quite conservative with our internal budgets, and I think that's where we are today. But in the long run, we believe this is a very good business to investment in from our point of view.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny with ISI Group.
Michael Cherny - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I just want to dig in a little bit more and follow-up on that question from ACA perspective. You talked about the utilization improvement. Steve, you said you saw a pickup in April, some of the utilization metrics you track, particularly if the weather seems to have thawed out a bit. And you also think about some of the earlier potential increased lives that are getting covered, it's Medicaid, it's people that maybe who not had insurance ever, and so something like basic medical requirements, something like a first dental visit, maybe the first place that they go. As you think about what could be the driver of utilization, are you seeing any of that maybe whether it's Medicaid expansion or some other areas that could very specifically be the early impacts from ACA that have already found their way into your book?
Steven Paladino: Again, it's so hard to tell. If you're asking us to guess, my guess would be we really haven't seen much of an impact yet, that whatever impact we'll have is still to come. Again, the reason why we really haven't factored anything into that in the 2014 guidance is because determining the timing of when that will happen is difficult. I think I personally believe that, that should help our medical, as well as a little bit to a lesser extent, our dental business, but I don't think we've seen any impact just yet.
Stanley M. Bergman: I agree with Steven. On the impact of the Affordable Act not yet in terms of the number of new patients. Having said that, I think the consolidation trends in the large group practices is a motive, and the IDNs has accelerated over the last couple of years. A lot of these providers were looking for new providers of products, and I think we've landed some nice accounts in those areas. Although, not all those accounted obviously have not been converted yet, because that takes some time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Could you expand a bit more on your dental specialty groups, and if you're willing, perhaps give us what kind of organic growth you're seeing in implants or filling [ph] end up?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. I'll leave the guidance, the information on the sales growth, and I'm not sure Steven, what specific numbers we provide. But generally, on the implant side, BioHorizons and the 2 big properties of BioHorizons and Camlog a little bit ace. BioHorizons is doing well. Again, not prepared to say it's a trend, but the first quarter has done quite well in terms of sales ability. Camlog, I think you know significantly German-focused. The German implant market did not really grow much last year, and we're seeing I think, our market share moving -- continuing to move in a good direction in Germany. So overall, our implant businesses are doing quite well. Orthodontics is really not material. I think we're doing quite well domestically in the U.S. and we expect to do well internationally over time and the endodontics on balance I think is more or less similar to the general dental trends. So overall, I think the organic side is perhaps being just a little bit better than our overall Dental business. And we will continue to invest in this area from an inorganic point of view as well. By the way, I will say, as I think this is true, that where we're doing particularly, well I think, is in selling equipment to specialists, because our sales force in the area of specialty products has had an impact on overall brand awareness of our equipment offering in the specialty area, and I think it's paid off well. And I'm particularly referring to the U.S. here.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: That's very helpful, Stan. And maybe just one quick follow-up. If you think about your corporate dental business versus the more traditional customer, are you seeing any differences in trends there?
Stanley M. Bergman: John, anything specific you're looking for as far as the question?
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Yes, one specific, are the corporate buyers more likely and more comfortable making the larger capital equipment-type purchases?
Steven Paladino: Yes, the large corporate practices.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. I think that's, yes, they continue to do that. It's probably a little bit -- and last year, I think we saw a few portfolio changes among some private equity firms, but of management change, I'm referring to the U.S. and I think we're seeing a lot more interest in equipment now.
Steven Paladino: And remember, there are some of those corporate accounts that their model is not to buy new dental practices or maybe not to do that exclusively, but really to start up new dental practices. So those that have that model that do more startups than acquisitions, obviously, the bigger equipment buyers with traditional equipment, and there seems to be a lot of interest with the corporate accounts on technologies like PlanScan to improve efficiency, because they understand it. They tend to be a little cautious on overall capital expenditures, because they're using a lot of cash to grow the business, but I think that they're all looking very hard at improving efficiencies and their practices and CAD/CAM is a big driver of that.
Operator: And we do have time for one more question. And your final question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Maybe just 2 or 3 quick ones. First, Steven, the cadence of internal revenue growth for the balance of the year, last year was pretty stable in that 3.5% to 4% range. You had the slight step down in 2.9%, and you called that weather headwinds in 1Q. But is there a way that we should think about the cadence for the balance of this year?
Steven Paladino: The only thing that we should see a little bit -- Stanley mentioned the Easter passover holidays, which is in Q2. That tends to have a muted impact in the U.S., it has a little bit of an impact, but it tends to have a better impact in international, but there are some European markets that, for example, Good Friday is virtually a national...
Stanley M. Bergman: And the Monday.
Steven Paladino: Yes. And maybe even Monday, effectively national holidays, almost everything is closed. So we'll see a little bit of that in Q2, but other than that, and other than our typical strength in equipment and technology sales in Q4, a little bit tax-related, I would say no other things to note on that.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then just next on the -- call it adjusted dental consumable number in North America. It seems like earlier reference, even if you make some adjustments maybe it was up 2% to 3% in 1Q and arguably that was off of somewhat of an easier comp from a year ago. Last quarter, you talked about maybe 4% was back. Are you still thinking in and around that number, in other words, for balance of the year are you seeing the underlying demand in North America in and around the 4% dental consumable number?
Steven Paladino: I don't want to be that specific on 4%. By the way when we look at demand, our consumable business, we look at trends, because unlike equipment, we get an order today, we're shipping it today. So there's no backlog, there's no -- so the way to look at how is the business doing is to look at the trend line of average daily sales and compare it to other periods. Now, unlike equipment where we know, for example, we feel very good about equipment going forward, because we have the backlog report, and if you look at our U.S. backlog report, it's grown from the end of the quarter to the -- from the beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter in Q1, so that you have a little bit more where you can -- predictability. But I do think that overall, we should see the markets return to normal as we said we saw April results rebound in all of our businesses. So we were pretty confident, the weather was a negative impact there. And I think that even though we haven't really seen it, it's hard to tell in Q1, we should see a little bit of I think market improvement as the year progresses.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And very last one. I know you guys have a million products, but your partner on this one actually had a conference call specific to it. So any color on realign. I mean, there's been some clarity in Align's [ph] numbers that maybe got off to somewhat of a slow start, if you just isolate their express-type of product growth. Can you guys speak to that, Stan, what your sales guys are seeing with it out there. It's obviously a very big market opportunity being the clear align [ph], I don't know how do you see the traction with that product going forward?
Stanley M. Bergman: I don't have the specifics, and I'm not sure if we really should comment on specific products, because it's clearly not material to the whole of Henry Schein. Although it's a very nice product for us to provide a value-added service to the GPs. I know our sales force was excited, I know that we will be doing quite a bit around this product in our national sales meeting, when is that July?
Steven Paladino: Yes.
Stanley M. Bergman: But I don't have the specifics. And, I don't know if...
Steven Paladino: I don't have the specifics either, but I would say, the comment that slow start, I think you have to have a backdrop that this is a sale that's a longer sales cycle. So it's not unusual to start a little bit slow, because it takes a little bit more time to get the training and to get the customers to ultimately start buying. So it is a little bit of a longer sales cycle, so maybe that's consistent what you're hearing, but it's just a different way of I guess, explaining it.
Stanley M. Bergman: So thank you for all those questions, everyone. And thank you for participating. We continue to feel pretty good about the company, each of our business units has very good plans executing more or less to those plans with a couple of things ahead, and couple of laggards here and there. But overall, the company's good. We are using 2014 to prepare our strategic plan for years 2015, '16 and '17. And that is well underway. So I think the momentum is good. The economies generally are moving nicely in a positive direction, and we remain cautiously optimistic for the rest of the year, and thank you very much again for calling in. If you have any questions, please feel free to call Steven or Carolynne. And just call at (631) 843-5500 and they will -- the operator will put you through to Carolynne or to Steven. So, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Vice President of Investor Relations Stanley M. Bergman - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Executive Director
Analysts: John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Nathan Rich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division James Clark
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein fourth quarter conference call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's fourth quarter and full year 2013 results. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. In addition, all commentary about the markets we serve, including growth rates and market share, is based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. The contents of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, February 11, 2014. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. [Operator Instructions] With that, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Carolynne, and good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining our call today. The management team at Henry Schein and the entire organization are very pleased that we completed yet another successful year. 2013 was a year in which we made a lot of progress in all 3 of our verticals and as well as in the infrastructure and the value-added services components of Henry Schein. Of course, we ended the year with a strong fourth quarter. Sales growth during the fourth quarter was solid, on plan. In fact, in a couple of areas, it was ahead of plan. We believe we gained market share in each of our 4 global business units, and we exceeded the top line -- we exceeded the top of our original EPS guidance range. So I think you will hear from the call good progress in each of our 3 verticals and our global practice solutions, financial services businesses, and that we exceeded the top line of the EPS guidance range. We have continued to advance our geographic footprint. Our product offering has continued to expand over the year through some strategic acquisitions, a couple of exclusives that we've added. Since we reported third quarter financial results, we have announced 6 transactions in our Dental business as well as 1 in Animal Health and 1 in Technology and the Value-Added Services side. These 8 acquisitions had total revenues of approximately $317 million on an annual basis. So we'll report further information, but let me start by asking Steve to review our quarterly financial results, and then I will return with some additional comments on each of our business units. Steve, please.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stan, and good morning to all. I'm also very pleased to report solid results for the fourth quarter of 2013. Our net sales for the quarter ended December 28, 2013, were $2.5 billion, reflecting a 4.9% increase compared with the fourth quarter of 2012. This consisted of 4.4% growth in local currencies and 0.5% growth related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internally generated sales increased 3.7%, and we added an additional 0.7% to acquisition growth. You can find the details of our sales growth in Exhibit A to our earnings news release, which was issued earlier today. Our operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2013 was 7.4% and declined slightly by 13 basis points compared with the fourth quarter of 2012. When excluding the impact of acquisitions completed during the past 12 months and related acquisition expenses, our operating margin declined by about 5 basis points. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 29.8%, which is down slightly from the 30.6% in the fourth quarter of 2012 and is in line with our guidance. The lower tax rate is due to the continued implementation of tax planning strategies as well as higher earnings in countries with lower corporate tax rates. Going forward for 2014, we estimate our effective tax rate will continue to be in the 30% range. The net income attributable to Henry Schein for the fourth quarter of 2013 was $124.3 million or $1.43 per diluted share. This represents growth of 10.5% and 13.5%, respectively, compared with the fourth quarter of 2012. Foreign currency did not have any significant impact on the EPS for the quarter. Looking at our financial results for the full year, there were a number of highlights to report, all of which are records for us for the year. Our sales increased 6.9% to $9.6 billion. Cash flow for the year was $664.2 million and exceeded our adjusted net income by over $230 million. Our adjusted EPS increased by 11.5% to $4.95. And I think it's important to note that our EPS for the year was $0.04 above the top of our original guidance range, which was $4.81 to $4.91. So clearly, we believe 2013 was an excellent year. If you look at Exhibit B of today's earnings release, you can see a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP income and EPS from continuing operations. Let me now provide some detail on our sales results for the fourth quarter. Our Global Dental sales for the fourth quarter of 2013 increased 3.9% to $1.4 billion, representing a gain in market share based on our estimates of market growth rates. This 3.9% growth consisted of 3.1% growth in local currencies and a 0.8% gain related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internally generated sales increased 2.6% and acquisitions contributed an additional 0.5%. Of this 2.6% internal growth, we had 2.1% growth in North America and 3.5% growth internationally. If we look at some details of each of North America and International, the 2.1% North American growth included very strong growth of consumable Dental sales of 4.3% and a decline of 2.4% of Dental equipment sales and service revenue. Remember, though, that in North America, our Dental equipment sales growth in last year's fourth quarter was 21.9% and, therefore, it really created an extremely difficult comparison. The 3.5% growth internationally included 1.5% growth in Dental consumable merchandise sales and a very strong increase in Dental equipment sales and service revenues of 8.6%. This growth was largely driven by the Sirona Cerec sales as well as upgrade promotion, and we are pleased to continue our success with this important supplier in Europe. Our Global Animal Health sales were $651.7 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of 6.6%. Foreign exchange did not have any significant impact on the sales growth for the quarter for this business group; and our internally generated sales contributed 4.8% to our sales growth, an additional 1.8% for acquisitions, primarily related to the C&M Vetlink acquisition. If we look at the 4.8% total internal growth on a global basis, it consisted of 7% growth in North America and 2.9% growth internationally. If you normalize our results to account for the switch from agency sales in North America, our North American sales growth was approximately 3.8%. This growth was impacted by lower sales of certain parasiticides, largely due to weather-related conditions in the quarter. We believe we gained market share in both our North American and International Animal Health businesses. Our Global Medical sales were $421.9 million for the fourth quarter, which was an increase of 4.8%. The bulk of that growth was local currency growth of 4.6% and the remaining 0.2% was foreign currency exchange-related. Of that 4.6% local currency growth, it consisted of 5.2% growth in North America and a decline of 6.5% internationally. If we look at the fourth quarter, we had very strong sales of seasonal influenza vaccines with $23.8 million sales for the quarter. And if you normalize and exclude the sales of influenza sales from both the current period and the prior period, our Global Medical sales growth increased 2.8%, with 2.6% growth in local currencies and over 3% -- 3.1% growth in North America. We believe that patient traffic to U.S. physician offices was largely consistent with the third quarter, the prior quarter, and we are confident that our focus on large group practices will allow us to continue to gain market share in the U.S. market. Our Global Technology and Value-Added Services sales were $88.4 million for the quarter, an increase of 8.6%. And that included 8.9% growth in local currencies and a 0.3% decline in foreign currency exchanges. In local currencies, the internally generated sales growth was also 8.6% and acquisition growth was 0.3%. The composition of that 8% growth was 6.7% in North America and a really strong growth internationally of 21.5%. We're really very pleased with our sales growth in both the Technology and Value-Added Services businesses. I'd like to point out something that will occur beginning in the first quarter of 2014 related to this category, and that is that sales of a specific dental software product will be recorded on an agency basis going forward. These sales were previously recorded as a direct sales. So the change will lower the sales in the Technology and Value-Added Services businesses by approximately $4 million per quarter, again, beginning in Q1 of 2014. Remember, though, that the profitability of this product line remains unchanged. It still remains a good profitability. It just is that the sales now are recorded on an agency sales basis. We will also provide normalized growth figures throughout 2014 to better analyze the growth of this category. So related to stock repurchase, we continued to be active in repurchasing our common stock during the fourth quarter. Specifically, we purchased 664,000 shares during the quarter at an average price of $111.04 per share, which translated to approximately $73.8 million. The impact of the quarter's repurchase really was not material to our EPS for the current quarter. For the full year, the company did repurchase a little over $300 million, $300.3 million of stock, representing 3.1 million shares at an average price of $97.71 per share. And this is really in line with our stated goals of purchasing between $200 million to $300 million per year and obviously at the high end of that goal. At the close of the fourth quarter, we still had an authorization for future repurchases of common stock of $300 million. And we remain committed to our goal of repurchasing between $200 million and $300 million of stock for 2014, barring any unforeseen circumstances. Let's take a look at some of the highlights for our balance sheet and cash flow for the quarter. The operating cash flow for the quarter was very strong at $274.6 million compared with $199.7 million in last year's fourth quarter. The operating cash flow was a record for the year of $664.2 million and our free cash flow was over $600 million for the year. As I mentioned earlier, we are very pleased to have exceeded our goals related to cash flow and free cash flow. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding was 39 days for the fourth quarter, which is essentially unchanged from the 38.9 days in the fourth quarter of last year and, on a full year basis, it was relatively consistent also. Days sales outstanding for the full year were 40 days this year compared to 39.8 days last year. Inventory turns also were consistent quarter-over-quarter. Fourth quarter being 6.2 turns compared with 6.1 turns in the fourth quarter of 2012. And also for the year, they were approximately 5.9 turns compared to 6.2 turns last year. So I'd like to conclude my remarks by affirming our 2004 financial guidance as follows. For 2014, we expect the diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein to be $5.29 to $5.39, which represents growth of 7% to 9% compared with the 2013 results, which excludes certain onetime items that are noted in our press release. It's important to note that we expect the growth in EPS for 2014 to accelerate over the course of the year due really to a number of factors, including the timing impact of recent acquisitions. And that's primarily related to BioHorizons. And just remember that the inventory revaluation associated with the BioHorizons acquisition will have a negative impact, primarily on the first quarter of 2014. This inventory step-up is a noncash expense and is directly related to acquisition accounting for this business. Finally, of course, our 2014 guidance is for current continuing operations, as well as all the previously announced and completed acquisitions, but does not include any potential future acquisitions. So with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Stan.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Let me take a few minutes to provide some additional detail on each of our business units. So on the Global Dental business, gains in North America Dental sales included solid growth in the consumable merchandise category, while equipment sales and service revenue declined slightly, following growth of nearly 22% in the prior year quarter, in the 2012 versus '13 which, of course, made for a very challenging comparison. But if you average those off, it's still about a 10% increase in sales each year, which we believe is an excess of the market growth and, therefore, very pleased of the fact that we continue to gain quite a bit of market share on the Dental equipment side here in North America. Of course, we're very pleased to report the International Dental sales returned to growth during the quarter on consumables, which is a good sign that the European dental market has stabilized. And we posted very good gains on the equipment side and equipment sales and service revenue growth on the International side of the business, Dental side of the business as well. With the strong focus on delivering value, particularly through equipment and software solutions, we are proud to partner with key multinational dental companies, specifically on the equipment side: Sirona, Planmeca, Danaher. We believe we have the best selection of products in the world, best offering of products combined with solutions, Henry Schein access to Sirona's largest distributor of Cerec and CAD/CAM systems in Europe. And now through our relationship with Planmeca, we offer a broad range of dental imaging equipment and related software. And of course, for a decade, we have partnered with Danaher to deliver dental consumables and innovative solutions that are accelerating the adoption of digital technology in the dental office including, of course, the state-of-the-art 2D and 3D imaging. So together with these manufacturers and a number of other equipment manufacturers and supplier partners, we really believe that we continue to be in the best position to help dental practitioners elevate the quality of the patient care they are delivering, utilizing this new technology and so, of course, improve the long-term success of their businesses. This combination of providing and generally in an open architecture way the best offering of equipment, value-added services, in particular software, we believe will continue to allow our practitioners to operate a better business so that they can provide better clinical care and in the long run, a lot of these new technology is going to give Henry Schein a terrific sales runway in the years to come. As I mentioned at the start of this call, we have announced a number of strategic transactions this past year. At the end of 2013, we acquired approximately a 60% interest in BioHorizons, which expanded our position in the dental specialty markets. This is a strategy that we've been marching to for several years now. BioHorizons is a U.S.-based manufacturer of advanced dental implants. The products are sold in 85 markets around the world. The company had annual revenues of approximately $115 million, with about half of that coming from the U.S. So if you look at our position today in implants, you'll see we've made terrific progress in the last few years. This agreement with BioHorizons strengthens our position in a critical and growing market. It also includes our investment in Camlog, which is, of course, a leading manufacturer of dental implants in Europe. We're quite pleased actually to announce and report to our shareholders today that in mid-January, we acquired the remaining minority interest and now own 100% of Camlog. With the BioHorizons and Camlog investments, we have made important strides in our implant business, in particular, in 2 of the world’s largest implant markets, namely the U.S. and Germany. To that, you could, of course, add Canada and a number of other European markets and Japan. And we were comfortable that we continue to grow our presence in a very profitable way in the dental oral surgery markets with a focus on the key product offering of implants. Both BioHorizons and Camlog will operate independently and will leverage strong brands and unique product features and benefits while offering customers a broad range of treatment options. Also of note, BioHorizons' strength is our product portfolio in the biologics market, which is critical to our goals in advancing our position in the oral surgery field. Of course, we carry many brands in that space and are continuously working to expand our footprint in the biologics with world brand leaders and very, very important for us. The advancing in the BioHorizons area, the whole implant area, oral surgery area, is complemented by the announcement we made in the first days of January when we announced another important strategic transaction, whereby we acquired 5 dental businesses from the Dutch company, Arseus. These businesses strengthen our European Dental and Technology operations. Each one of these 5 businesses has the critical, strategic -- call that a critical, strategic piece of a puzzle; and includes the French dental practice management software, Julie, making us, I believe, now the largest provider of dental software in France, as well as 4 key distributors serving dentists: dental laboratories, dental universities in France, the Netherlands and Belgium. The total annual sales acquired of these companies acquired amounted to $97 million on a historical basis. These transactions have now all closed. Julie was closed in the last year and the others were closed recently in the last few weeks. These -- our sales businesses operate in attractive markets with good growth prospects and have achieved strong market positions and excellent brand value. These acquisitions represent a strategic French dental dealership adding to our important product offerings in France. The software company, Julie, will strengthen our lab presence in 3 very important markets: France, the Netherlands and Belgium. Each acquired company also has an excellent business and cultural fit with Henry Schein. We know many of the leaders, managers in these companies, and we expect terrific and smooth integration with our management team and our culture. We look forward to leveraging our global best practices in these businesses, but also acquiring some excellent talent. And of course, this will add to our already very strong position in the European market. In February, we announced the acquisition of Lincoln Dental Supply. Lincoln sells products and equipment primarily to dental labs in the United States and Canada. They distribute branded products as well as private label products, had sales of about $18 million last year. The transaction, of course, is an excellent commercial fit with our Zahn Dental laboratory business, and strengthens our presence in important laboratory market, particularly in the northeast of the United States. So if you take Lincoln and Arseus, you will see that we have strengthened our global lab footprint. You add BioHorizons to that, you'll see we have cumulative strength that we've added in the whole prosthetics field, in general. And so, overall, with our software investment in Julie, we have advanced all 3 component parts that are articulated so carefully in our strategic plan. So overall, I must say, we're very pleased with our Global Dental business, which is by far the largest dental business in the world. We've made terrific progress on the management team side. Jim Breslawski continues to lead that business, experienced dental senior executive. And I must say, overall, that we're very, very pleased with the progress we've made on the Dental side together with our investments in all the specialty businesses, in general, on the Dental side. Let's spend a few minutes on our Global Animal Health business. This business once again performed very well during the fourth quarter. North American internal sales growth in the high single digits is consistent with our stated goals. And International Animal Health internal sales growth in local currencies accelerated slightly versus the prior quarter. In addition to the strategic Dental transactions I just described, we also announced a very important strategic Animal Health acquisition in the fourth quarter. In mid-November, we have announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement to buy 80% of Medivet, which is a leading distributor of animal health products and services in Poland. In fact, we believe the largest and a very important market in Poland. We expect this transaction to close later in the year. Medivet marks our entry into the Polish animal health market, and we really are delighted to do so in a leadership position. Our Animal Health business now has operations in 12 European countries, and Medivet will provide strategic base, a very important strategic base, for our expansion into Eastern Europe. Just met with a number of very important global suppliers of animal health products, and I think our desire and our execution on our plan to continue to become an even more important global animal health distributor is being well received by those manufacturers that we work with closely. So very, very pleased to report again very good progress. Lonnie and her team, on the Animal Health side, are doing a great job. So now, let's turn to the Medical business. We reported growth -- good growth during the quarter, benefited from, of course, from the strong sales of seasonal flu, influenza, versus the prior year. So good growth versus the prior year. While growth, excluding the impact of the flu, slightly accelerated compared to the third quarter, we feel that the strength of this business unit will be felt even more in the years to come. We believe that traffic in the U.S. physician market is largely consistent with prior quarters, but we are really confident that the investment we've made in this area, specifically around the large group practice arena, the multiple locations under common management-type networks that are now growing and flourishing in this market, these are all areas that we have invested in, and we believe our investment is going to pay off very, very well for our shareholders. Of course, Dave McKinley and his team continue to do a great job as a thought leader and a provider of solutions to this rapidly changing market. The dynamics are changing rapidly and we believe that we are well positioned to help our customers deal with the new challenges and exciting opportunities of health care reform. So the fourth of our business units is, of course, our Global Technology and Value-Added Services business. Growth in this unit was driven by, as we've reported in the past, electronic services, the recurring revenue, of course, software sales, and the big thing is the value-added services that this unit provides to our installed base. I might add that sales in the international markets were particularly strong. And we're excited, in particular, to add the Julie acquisition. That footprint will, of course, add strength in an important market. And we will continue to expand our global footprint in the software arena. I think we will disclose this, Julie adds about 8,000 installed systems in France. In France, we have a very strong position on consumables equipment, and now we'll have the software to complement that. Very pleased with the performance on our Practice Solutions side: Jim Harding, Steve Klaus [ph] and the team, Kevin Bunker. This is a world-class team doing extremely good work servicing our customers across the board, and we have great confidence on the strategic importance of this business, and we'll continue to invest heavily in this area. So this is the call that relates to our year-end conference call. Let me reflect back a moment to a few of the highlights in 2013. Of course, we are pleased that we have met or exceeded many significant goals for the year. I think all of the key goals, really, by and large, we've done well on. We've exceeded our strategic expectations, largely, balance the strategic plan goals we set for ourselves 3 years ago have been advanced in a terrific way. Of course, if you look at the short-term matters of guidance for the year 2013, which we announced, I believe, in the fourth quarter 2012. We exceeded that -- the top of the guidance by $0.04. We completed 10 strategic acquisitions. About $300 million of business was added. We did very well on the cash flow side. I believe we generated about 1.5x our earnings in cash, so we turned our earnings into cash plus we reduced our working capital, and other ways in which we generated cash. So overall, the cash aspect of the business is doing very well. And at the same time, we acquired $300 million of stock, all in line with our goals. Henry Schein's commitment to our customers and the communities that we serve was evident practically every day in the business for 2013, most notably with our support of suppliers and financial aid after the several horrific events including Sandy, Hurricane Sandy, in the U.S. East Coast; the devastating tornadoes in Oklahoma; the typhoon in the Philippines; our commitment to various community outreach programs, such as Give Kids A Smile, the ADA's leading -- American Dental Association's leading outreach program; our Back to School program. All of this, I think, fuels our commitment to advancing shareholder value, advancing what's in the interest of our team, our suppliers, our customers and our investors, leading to a very good solid return to our investors now over the past 18 years that we've been a public company. If you look at just the leading indexes, we are delighted to enter -- we were delighted to enter the top 300 Fortune 500 rankings of the largest U.S. corporations, now ranked #296 on the 2013 list based on 2012 numbers. So with that as an overview, we feel quite pleased with the progress we made in 2013, excited to go into 2014 with a high morale in the company, solid management team and, generally, a business that has strategic purpose, and executing on that purpose. So with that in mind, Steven, why don't we, and Carolynne, why don't we open the line to some questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: The North American Dental consumable growth, I think you said 4.3% was very impressive. Do you think you can hold that sort of level as you progress through 2014?
Steven Paladino: I think we feel that we'll be in that range. And I hate to be so specific and, say 4.3%, because if it comes in slightly greater, slightly less. I think we'll be in that range. We did feel that Q4 was exceptionally strong. We did execute really well. We do believe that we'll see a little bit of improvement from the market, maybe at the tail end of the year. So I guess our goal really is to be consistent in that factor, but I just caution people not to really look at it so precisely by every 10 basis points.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Great. And maybe just a quick follow-up. It seemed like your European results for both Vet and Dental were pretty good, at least relative to what we expected. Do you feel like you're starting to see it turn in those end markets?
Steven Paladino: John, I think there's a general sense and, of course, this is a sense, it's not scientific, that Europe is stabilizing. I think no one's saying that we're returning to good times, but even I think in Southern Europe, 2 markets that we're in, Spain and Italy, there is a quiet confidence that we are going to get to stable consumable growth and even investment in equipment. So I think that's a little bit of the canary in the cage that I think is indicative of the fact that there is a sense that things are getting a little bit better or stabilizing to better in Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Stan, I thought I'd start with you. Just on the CAD/CAM business. Planmeca has moved pretty quickly here to rebrand NEVO and change out some software and all that. Could you talk maybe about the opportunity you think that creates for 2014? And then, also, I know you've had some supply constraints on the NEVO system on the manufacturing side here in November, December, whenever that was. Do you have a backlog of orders going into 2014? How is that looking as we go into the new year?
Stanley M. Bergman: Jeff, so our #1 strategy for Dental right now, and I expect for many years to come, is to continue with advancing our customers' virtualization of their practices, in the case of the dentist and in the case of the lab, the automation of the digitalization of the lab. There's no question that there's a huge opportunity on the hardware side, be it the scanners or the mills. On the software side, there's lots and lots of opportunity there, and both in the laboratory -- both in the operatory and the laboratory, and also some exciting materials, I think, are going to emerge over the years to come. So this is very, very important for Henry Schein. To the extent practical, we will support an open architecture because that's in the interest of the dental community. It'll take a while for the marketplace to adjust as it has in many -- in most other areas of dentistry to open architecture. All of our software, by the way, today, supports even our competitors' software interchanges. So -- and I think that's in the best interest of the practitioner. So I think it was important for E4D to add a leading brand to its name. And in that context, in the U.S. and Australia and Canada, New Zealand, we will be marketing the Planmeca line. And in other markets, we'll market Sirona, and I expect that our other manufacturers will all be coming out with some form of hardware and software. We do sell the 3M scanner in a number of markets and plus a number of other markets. So we're very excited. We're very pleased with the speed that Planmeca went about converting the E4D name to the plan scan name. And I think, overall, we're happy with our offering of CAD/CAM and related software, hardware and the key now is for Henry Schein to differentiate the offering that we make available to our customers. And I think you will see advances in dental and other areas like that, that will differentiate Henry Schein's offering as it has, as we have done for years. CAD/CAM and Practice Management software will connect. We will continue to invest our investment in school, in large group practice software over the years. We'll tie into CAD/CAM as well. So overall, the strategies here have been laid, they'll be adjusted and we will execute to them. As for the backlog, yes, NEVO, we sold quite a few more NEVO systems or CAD/CAM systems with the NEVO front in the fourth quarter than E4D had the capacity to deliver. I believe that with Planmeca being part of the management team now -- supporting the management team with E4D, the capacity will increase. We do have solid sales in that area, and I think our overall global CAD/CAM business will continue to grow with our goal to be the leader in that field.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Fair enough. That's very helpful. And, Steve, on my follow-up question. I just wanted to focus on your International Technology business, up 21.5% in the quarter, you have a very strong number there. Can that persist into 2014, or maybe not at that level, but solid growth there. And then, maybe any color, is that some of the recent software deals you've done over the last couple of years? And I guess, the last follow-up on that question, just where have margins -- where do you expect margins to go in the Technology business over the next year or 2? They've been trending down with some deals, but it seem like they're reaching a point of stability. Is that true going forward?
Steven Paladino: Okay. So it's a few questions there. So one, the 21% growth, I think it's a little unrealistic to expect us to continue at 21% growth international software. I do think that high single, low double digits is doable for that business unit. They just had a blowout fourth quarter and was primarily in the Software of Excellence business that we acquired a few years ago. With respect to margins, I think, yes, margins probably will be consistent going forward, maybe with a little bit of improvement as we continue to grow sales and drive business towards e-services, which tend to have a little higher margin than the overall software sales.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Block with Stifel.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Maybe I could just ask a question on weather. And you guys don't usually make excuses but maybe, Stan, if you can talk about the weather and any impact you've seen in the first 6 weeks of 2014. And then, I'm just curious if you're seeing it more pronounced in any of your businesses. In other words, is it more pronounced in Vet relative to Dental or Medical?
Stanley M. Bergman: That's a good question. Actually, I was hoping somebody would ask that question because I think it is a relevant question. We, of course, had been experiencing inordinate difficulty because of the weather in a large part of the U.S. I think this is the first time cities like Atlanta have had a challenge because of winter weather. I think this will have an impact on some of our sales in the first quarter. We will, during our first quarter call, try to identify that impact. I think there will be a few less visits to dentists, probably to animal health practitioners, perhaps to some of the dermatology-type physician practices, but I don't think it will have a material impact on our bottom line. Of course, it will have somewhat of an impact, but we remain comfortable with the guidance for 2014 that we provided. I think our guidance always contemplates something like this occurring somewhere in the world, and it's just a little bit more intense this time in the U.S. But overall, we still feel quite comfortable with our 2014 guidance.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then, maybe as a follow-up. Just on the, and Steve, this is more for you, on gross margin expansion, it was up year-over-year. And I think it's really, maybe for only the second time in several years you've seen that. I'm guessing some of that is attributable to lapping the lower margin Vet acquisitions of the past. So just how should we think about this going forward? I mean, are you in the clear and able to get maybe some modest gross margin expansion as we look out for the balance of '14 into '15?
Steven Paladino: So, John, the gross margin really is primarily related to mix. So we talked about Technology sales growth being stronger and that helps drive the gross margin but, really, I think we focus more on the operating margin. And we've talked about even as recently as our Investor Day, we still believe that we can get operating margin expansion. The way we measure it is on, what I refer to as a same-store basis, so excluding any new acquisitions, which could be accretive or dilutive to our margins. And the goal really there is to get margin expansion of at least 20 basis points on a full year basis. We do believe that going longer term that there's the potential for that 20 basis points to expand a bit as sales growth increases, as market conditions improve a little bit. But right now, somewhere in that 20 basis points is a goal that we think is doable and achievable.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glen Santangelo with Crédit Suisse.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Steve, I just want to follow up with you on that last point you were just making on your organic operating margins. Yes, I think in your prepared remarks, you suggested that your operating margin on an organic basis may be contracted 5 basis points. I'm just kind of curious, is that solely related to acquisitions, or is there something else going on there? And then, I guess, the question is at the current revenue run rate, do you think you can achieve that 20 basis points of operating margin expansion, or do you need revenue growth to accelerate a little bit?
Steven Paladino: No. So the -- again, so the 20 basis points at current revenue growth rates, we think is doable. That's what our plan is calling for, for 2014. The interesting thing is that, yes, while it was for the quarter, it was down a little bit 5 basis points. And that -- and, Glen, that 5 excludes acquisition impact. But on a full year basis, it was actually up slightly, excluding acquisitions. It wasn't quite the 20 basis points. It was high single basis points. It was 7 or 8 basis points improvement for the full year. One thing I'll point out that impacted Q4 is if you look at all the acquisition activity that we announced in early Q1, a lot of expenses set in Q4 to drive that acquisition expense -- to drive those acquisition activities in Q1. So we record the diligence cost, the professional fees, all of those acquisition, of course, as incurred. So they're always incurred prior to the acquisition being completed. So we're a little bit heavy in Q4 on those expenses because we did have a lot of activity that was announced in early Q1. The interesting thing also is that when you look at Q4, there was a lot of mix impact because when I look at the individual businesses, Dental, Medical, Animal Health and Technology, and this may sound like a contradiction but it's not. Each of them had margin expansion in Q4, each of them. And yet because of mix, it was down 5 basis points. So I guess the short answer to conclude is that we do believe that we can get operating margin expansion in 2014, and that's what our internal plans call for.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And Steve, maybe if I can just ask a follow-up question on some of these recent acquisitions. It seems like you obviously trimmed your fiscal '14 guidance a little bit a few weeks ago when you announced these deals. And I'm kind of curious, I mean, what's driving that near-term dilution? Is it mostly the amortization related to these acquisitions? If we were to look at it x the amortization, would these deals be accretive in year 1 or is there something -- is there a new trend with respect to -- we seen any inflation in the purchase prices for these assets. Can you just give us a little bit more color? It would be helpful.
Steven Paladino: Yes. So clearly if we excluded amortization, they would all be immediately accretive on what people sometimes call a cash basis. What really happened is on a couple of the acquisitions, and most notably on BioHorizons, we kind of had a double negative impact. Because BioHorizons is a manufacturer, the amortization is higher than most distributors' amortization. And because it is also a manufacturer, the accounting requires us to step up the inventory. So really, to try to quickly describe what that means is that, effectively, we have to value the inventory on the date of acquisition at fair value less disposable -- disposal cost. So that fair value really reduces our profitability and we don't get our normal gross profit on that. So that's really negatively impacting the first year's accretion. We did say on the BioHorizons acquisition, if you just exclude the step-up in inventory, which is a total noncash charge, that deal would be neutral to EPS for the first year. And then, obviously, if you also exclude out amortization, it would be accretive. So I think BioHorizons, because it's a manufacturer, we're typically buying distributors, really, is a little bit unique and cause a little bit more GAAP dilution than typical. But we still feel like they're good strategic acquisitions. We still feel like we'll see accretion going forward. And strategically, as I think everyone knows, implants and dental specialty is very important to us, and we feel like it's the right thing for us to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Steve, the cash flow is exceptionally strong in '14. Should we expect -- anticipate a similar experience next year? And was there any stepped-up inventory buying in front of the end of the year in the fourth quarter?
Steven Paladino: Okay. So we did have the reversal of, in 2013, of the increased inventory purchases at the end of 2012 related to medical device excise tax. So I think if you look at that, that's probably somewhere around $150 million worth of benefit. So I would say that we're not going to see the same -- we'll be a little bit below cash flow in 2014 versus 2013 because of that benefit we got in 2013. And remember, that was -- it's a timing issue between '12 and '13. With respect to end of year buy-ins for the current year, we always do a certain amount of buy-ins, but I would not say that we had any unusual activity this year that we would need to call out separately going into next year. So we still think we'll get strong cash flow, certainly operating cash flow well in excess of our net income, which is our goal, but it will be a little bit down because of that onetime medical device excise tax benefit.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And then, Stanley, if you could just take a minute and elaborate on the growth rate you're seeing in the implant market in Germany. I know Straumann recently came in with a price cut to at least one of its lines. How would you characterize the competitive environment and then just the aggregate market growth rate of the implant market in Germany? That would be helpful.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. I can't give you the exact expectation of the growth market in Germany per se, but I do think the market will move back into positive growth. And I don't want to comment on anyone's reduction in prices. I will tell you that we believe that Camlog continues to gain market share in Germany. We believe this is particularly so because of the introduction of the Easy implant system. We believe we have been taking share of the premium side. By the way, we plan on rolling out Easy throughout Europe. So I do believe the market in Germany will return. I can't tell you exactly which quarter. It's an environment of positive growth units. And we remain quite excited about expanding our presence in Germany, not only in the implant itself but, in general, to -- in sales to oral surgeons. So yes, and Steven can make some specific inquiry from our German sales team and we can give you some more information. But I just participated in a Camlog meeting about 2 weeks ago, and our team is feeling pretty good about our position in the German market.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Nathan Rich, on for Robert. My first question is, if we look at the performance in Dental equipment on International side this quarter, can you help us contextualize this, I think you said that performance was helped by some upgrade promos you did around Sirona Cerec system. How big of an impact did that have in the quarter, and how should we think about the run rate for International equipment growth going forward?
Steven Paladino: Well, we had -- I would say that, certainly, the upgrade promotion helped drive very strong growth. And that won't continue all year long, but we'll still get upgrades in Q1 and beyond. I think, we -- and I don't want to really get into that level of detail, but our growth, even excluding the upgrades, was also very strong. And so we feel good that, Stanley said a few minutes ago, that we're seeing some improvement and stabilization in the overall markets and we're executing well to that. To get double-digit growth in equipment in any market on a consistent basis is a tall order, but we feel that we'll still grow in equipment and we have good opportunities there. And every so often, you get the benefit of upgrades or other activities that allow you to exceed your normal growth rate.
Stanley M. Bergman: But our German business, in general, I think we could say, our European business is quite stable. We're very pleased with our management team, just had our German national sales meeting and the morale is really very, very good. And I think our management structure is very deep, our management team in Europe. So we feel comfortable, and I don't want to comment on any particular quarter, but I feel comfortable that we'll continue to gain market share in Europe and, in fact, globally in all of our Dental businesses.
Nathan Rich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's really helpful. And then, this one is a follow-up, kind of looking more broadly, at this time last year, we had concerns about the fiscal cliff and some tax increases. But when you look out to 2014, how do you feel around kind of how dentists are willing to spend on equipment? Do you think there's kind of more receptivity to that and maybe especially as it relates to CAD/CAM, what are you seeing there?
Stanley M. Bergman: I think at the end of the day, equipment is going to be sold basically based on replenishment or replacement of equipment that is not functioning any longer. So I don't think that's the big growth. There's some opportunity there, but I'm not sure that's the big growth. The big growth is coming from equipment where we can prove to the practitioner that 2 things will happen: one is it will be an investment in the practice and increase productivity and profitability; and the second is in order for that to happen, it will also have to be equipment that adds to the quality of clinical care. And by the way, this is not only for Dental, I think the same will be the case in Medical. And we feel that the digitalization of dentistry provides such an opportunity, especially coupled with software. And we have invested significantly in our software businesses, both in the area of the cloud software, the Ascend software, which we're starting to sell now and will make an important contribution to the effectiveness of practices. And in addition to that, we've invested in, as I mentioned earlier, on the school software, in the large group practice software, various kinds of e-services, all of this, in combination with CAD/CAM. And with CAD/CAM, I believe, will drive our sales in the equipment area. And in general, yes, we expect to have some replenishment sales of the standard-type of equipment, but I think it's in the newer equipment that adds to productivity improvements, the quality of care improvements that we will do well. But we'll have to prove to the practitioner that it's a worthwhile investment. We're not back to pre-2008 times with these practitioners. We're just investing to change the color of the chair. And I'm overstating that point.
Operator: Your final question comes from Michael Cherny with ISI Group.
James Clark: This is James, on for Mike. Just a question on guidance. You talked about earnings accelerating through '14. I'm just wondering if you can, I guess, elaborate on the magnitude of the progression. And then on top of that, if you can talk, does 1Q reflect any of the weather impact you talked about earlier on the call?
Steven Paladino: Yes. I think there's a little bit of the weather impact that we're trying to consider in Q1. Again, Stanley covered that in an earlier question. While we don't believe it'll be material to us, and we still feel very comfortable with our guidance. I think when we look at the progression for the year, there's a little bit of impact baked into that comment. Really, it's not a significant impact, I would say, that you're probably looking at -- the whole year is 7% to 9%. You're probably at a little bit below that range in Q1 and then accelerating throughout the year, which is really typical for us. It's not just the weather, it's not just the acquisitions I talked about. We tend to, when we complete our budget cycle, when we're making investments in people or other things, we tend to hold off a lot of that until the budget is complete, so it happens in Q1. So really is, if you look I think at our historical trends, that's probably a true statement, that Q1 growth is always a little bit lower. Again, you got to back out the acquisition activity related to that. So it's not significantly material, but I thought it was important really to mention given that it would not be even throughout the year.
James Clark: Okay. And then, I think you talked to traffic at Medical being flattish sequentially. Just wondering if you could talk about traffic in the other businesses.
Steven Paladino: Yes. We felt bad. If you look at Dental and Animal Health, first of all, there's really not a lot of great data on this. A lot of this is, looking at key products that are sold, speaking to manufacturers, speaking to certain customers, speaking to some of the large group practices. And I guess we feel that you probably saw in Q4 a little bit of an uptick on Dental and Dental patient traffic. I would say, Animal Health probably, you did not see that because, again, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, because of cooler weather in Q4 than the prior year. You had less flea and tick treatment so less people bringing in their pet because of flea and tick, but that's kind of just a timing thing. But I think if you had to look at the big picture market, it's very stable. We expect that they'll continue to be stable with some slight improvement going forward. And we're hoping that, that slight improvement could actually be better than that, but we're trying to be conservative in our guidance when we're looking at overall market conditions.
Stanley M. Bergman: Okay. So thank you, everyone, for calling in. We are pleased with our results for 2013, excited, as I noted earlier on, with our plans for 2014. At this stage, we're quite comfortable that the markets are stable and that we, at Henry Schein, will continue to improve on our market share in each of our business units, that each have goals to that. These teams are experienced, generally delivered to the company, each one of our business units, each one has plans for investment in growing their units, each one has plans for how they will deliver on their numbers. And we're generally excited, not only with the strategies for this year and the execution of the tactics in our strategic plan, but also for the strategic future of the company. And very, very excited with what we're getting. And thank you, all, for your interest. And we will be back, I think, in 60 days, Steven.
Steven Paladino: Yes.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Vice President of Investor Relations Stanley M. Bergman - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Executive Director
Analysts: Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Michael Cherny - ISI Group Inc., Research Division David Larsen - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Second Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's third quarter results. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The contents of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, November 5, 2013. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. [Operator Instructions] With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Solid growth in sales and earnings during the quarter reflects our strategy of organic growth, complemented by strategic acquisitions and our ongoing commitment to controlling expenses. Once again, we believe a positive indicator of the continued success of our diversified strategies is that we have gained market share in each of our businesses. We're also pleased today to be affirming 2013 financial guidance while introducing guidance for the year 2014 diluted EPS that represents growth of 10% to 12% compared with the midpoint of our 2013 range. So we are pleased with the performance of the company in general. The sales reflect a continued market share growth in each of our business units, Dental, Medical, Animal Health. And we're pleased that we are able to reaffirm guidance for the remainder of this year for next quarter and introduce the guidance for 2014 of 10% to 12% growth. I'll provide additional commentary on our performance a little bit later, but let me now ask Steve to review our quarterly financial results.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stan, and good morning to all. I'm also pleased to report solid results for the third quarter of 2013. As we begin, I'd like to note that our third quarter results include certain onetime items. The net impact of these 2 items on our GAAP results is a positive $0.01 per diluted share. The first of these items is a one-time charge of $12.5 million or $0.14 per diluted share related to the previously announced divestiture of a noncontrolling interest in a dental wholesale distributor in the Middle East. We separately have talked about that and it occurred during the third quarter. I'll also point out that there is no tax benefit on that loss. Second, our Q3 results include a benefit of $13.4 million or $0.15 per diluted share related to an overseas tax restructuring that will allow us to utilize tax loss carry forwards in the future to reduce future tax obligations. We have prepared our commentary excluding these items and so we think these one-time items, it is more comparable to show the effects excluding them and we will refer to our adjusted net income and adjusted EPS when excluding both of these items. If you look at Exhibit B of this morning's news release, it contains a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP income and GAAP to non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations. So now turning to our sales for the third quarter. Our net sales for the quarter ended September 28, 2013 were $2.3 billion, reflecting a 5.3% increase compared with the third quarter of 2012. This consisted of a 5.2% growth in local currency and a 0.1% growth related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internally generated sales increased 3.4% and acquisition growth also contributed an additional 1.8%. Again, you could see the details of our sales growth that are contained in Exhibit A of our earnings news release. The operating margin for the third quarter was 6.8% and expanded by 13 basis points compared with the third quarter of 2012. This was primarily driven by a reduction in operating expenses as a percentage of sales which was partially offset by a lower gross margin due mostly to product mix. We also like to show the impact of our margin, excluding the impact of current-year acquisitions that were completed during the past 12 months, as well as the impact of flu vaccines from both periods. And when you do that, our Q3 operating margin expanded by 20 basis points which was in line with our expectations. If you look at our tax rate for the quarter, the reported tax rate was 21.7%. However, if we exclude the impact of the benefit of the overseas tax adjustment that I just mentioned, the effective tax rate on a going forward basis or on a continuing basis was 30.1%, which is down slightly from the third quarter of 2012, down 0.4%. But it is in line with the guidance that we gave last quarter and we do expect our effective tax rate to continue to be in that 30% range or maybe even slightly below for the balance of the year. If you look at net income attributable to Henry Schein for the third quarter of 2013, it was $107.4 million or $1.23 per diluted share. Excluding the 2 items I just mentioned, our adjusted net income for the quarter was $106.5 million or $1.22 per diluted share and that represents growth of 10.1% and 13.0%, respectively, compared with the third quarter of 2012 on a non-GAAP basis. Again, you can look at Exhibit B for the details of those comments. I'll also note that the foreign currency exchange fluctuations did not have a material impact on our EPS for the quarter. I'd also like to provide some details on our sales results for the third quarter. If we look at Global Dental sales for the third quarter of 2013, we have shown an increase of 5.7% to $1.2 billion and that consisted of 5.2% growth in local currency and a 0.5% gain related to foreign currency exchange. The local currency internally generated sales growth was 3% and acquisition growth was 2.2%, totaling that 5.2% local currency growth. If we look at the internal growth of 3% in local currencies that was comprised of 4.8% growth in North America, so very strong growth in our North American business and a slight decline in the International business of 0.1%. Let me now go through some of the details behind each of the North American and International results. The North American growth of 4.8% included 3.4% growth in Dental consumable merchandise sales and 9.9% growth in Dental equipment sales and service revenue. We're really very pleased with the North American Dental equipment sales growth for the quarter approaching 10%. Our International Dental sales at 0.8% -- included a 0.8% decline in consumable merchandise but also a 1.4% increase in Dental equipment sales and service revenue. We continue to believe that our International Dental market is stable and we're hopeful that we'll see improvement in the not-too-distant future. Our Global Animal Health sales were $642.3 million in the third quarter, an increase of 7.4%. This included 8% growth in local currencies and a 0.6% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internal generated sales growth was 5.9% and acquisition growth was an additional 2.1% which was primarily related to the C&M Vetlink acquisition. If we look at the 5.9% internal growth in local currencies, it consisted of 10.4% growth in North America, so double-digit growth in North America and 2.1% growth in International. We've shown over the last few quarters normalizing our sales growth results in North America to account for the switch from agency sales to normal traditional sales. And when we normalize our sales growth results in North America, that growth was 4.8%. And we believe we gained market share in this business unit also. Turning to Global Medical sales, they were $444.5 million in the third quarter. That's an increase of 0.5% which consisted of 0.3% growth in local currencies and 0.2% growth related to foreign exchange. There was no acquisition activity during the quarter that contributed growth. It's important, I think, to look at our growth, the components of it. If you look at North America, which is the lion's share of our medical business, we did have 0.5% growth and we did see a decline of about 5.8% but on a small base in International. It's also important to note that influenza vaccine sales were lower this quarter than in the prior-year quarter. So for us, that's a timing impact, lower sales this quarter. We do expect those sales to occur in Q4. And if we exclude the impact of the flu vaccine sales, our Global Medical sales growth for the quarter was 2.6%, with 2.4% growth in local currencies and 2.8% growth in North America. It's also important to note that we really don't have any risk related to flu vaccine sales. Since through today, we have essentially sold all of our commitments of approximately 8.3 million doses for the season. So you'll see the rest of those sales occurring in Q4. And again, we believe we gained market share in the North American Medical market which we believe was flat to slightly down in Q3. Turning to Global Technology and Value-Added Services sales, the sales were $78.9 million for the quarter, an increase of 11.2%. This included 11.8% growth in local currencies and a 0.6% decline related to foreign currency exchange. The local currency growth included internal sales growth increase of 8.5% and acquisition growth of 3.3%. If you look at the components of that 8.5% internal growth, 7.3% was in North America and 16.2% was the growth internationally. And we continue to be very pleased with our sales growth in the Technology and Value-Added Services business. We also continued to repurchase common stock in the open market during the third quarter. More specifically, we repurchased approximately 730,000 shares during the quarter at an average price of $102.74 which was approximately $75 million of cash. That current buyback, the impact of the repurchase on our second quarter was not material. At the close of the quarter, we had approximately $74 million of authorized for future repurchases and we do expect to continue to repurchase our stock and probably use up the balance of that $74 million by year-end. If we look at some of the highlights of the balance sheet and our cash flow, we had very strong operating cash flow for the quarter, $152.8 million and that compares to $78.5 million in last year's third quarter. And we continue to believe we'll generate strong operating cash flow for the balance of the year. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding was 41.6 days and that's comparable to 41.1 days last year. And inventory turns was 6.2 turns, which is also comparable to the 6.3 turns last year. Let me just conclude my remarks by discussing our guidance for 2013 and 2014. For 2013, we are reaffirming our expectations for adjusted diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. to be in the range of $4.86 to $4.91 and this represents a growth of 9% to 11% compared with 2012 results. And that's comparing it to 2012, excluding restructuring costs. The guidance for 2013 continues to exclude the one-time items in the current year and those one-time items are noted on Exhibit B. Also, our guidance, as always is for continuing operations, as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions but not for any future acquisition activity. If we look to next year, we are introducing 2014 financial guidance as follows. For 2014, we expect diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein to be $5.37 to $5.47 per share and that represents 10% to 12% growth versus the midpoint of our 2013 guidance range. Again, this 2014 guidance is for continuing operations including any completed or previously announced acquisitions but does not include any future acquisition activity, if any. So with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Let me now take a few minutes to provide some additional details on each of our business units. So starting with Dental group, the Global Dental group, our third quarter gains in the North American Dental sales were highlighted by nearly 10% internal growth in local currencies for equipment sales and service revenue which is up sharply from the 1.4% growth we reported in the previous quarter. This growth was driven by higher sales of traditional Dental equipment and E4D. We believe our CAD/CAM category is poised to do well. The North American Dental Consumables merchandise growth was in line with the previous quarter when adjusted for the benefit from timing of various holidays, as we discussed last quarter. Again, we believe we are gaining market share and continue to gain market share on the consumables side in North America and of course, on the Dental equipment side. Our International Dental equipment internal sales in local currencies increased slightly following the strong second quarter that benefited from the biennial IDS meeting in Germany, in Cologne. And while International Dental consumable merchandise internal sales growth in local currencies declined due to the challenges primarily in Australia related to a reduction in government funding for certain patient procedures, it also represents strong growth related to acquisitions. So we believe, in Europe, we continue to gain market share and I think the same could be said in Australia. Having said that, the Australian Dental market saw a reduction because of the changes in government funding which we're hopeful will reverse itself with the new government in the near future. During last quarter's call, I discussed at length the unveiling of the E4D NEVO Scanner and Design Center at our National Dental Sales meeting. Since then, we have been introducing this exciting product which represents a new level of precision, proficiency and productivity in the CAD/CAM category. In late September, we began a commercial rollout and the customer response has been really very, very good. Dentists recognize the many benefits of E4D NEVO, including speed and ease of use. We are also pleased that Aspen Dental will be using NEVO technology in their practices. We do expect strong sales of E4D NEVO systems in the fourth quarter, although there is a possibility that the growth could exceed the ability to provide systems as the growth is looking quite good at this time and we may have to deliver some in the fourth quarter -- in first quarter next year, although we do expect the sales to be quite strong in the fourth quarter as well. I'd like to remind you that, please remember this, that last year's fourth quarter, we had exceptionally strong growth in the North American Dental Equipment business, nearly 22%, which was fueled by various tax concerns. So while we fully expect to report positive growth in our North American Dental equipment business during the fourth quarter, it'll be on the heels of a 22% growth in the fourth quarter of 2012 and the rate, obviously, will be lower than prior year due to the difficult comparison. And we've covered this in the last couple of calls. Having said that, just let me reiterate that we believe our Dental equipment business is doing very well and continues to gain market share in North America. Staying with our Dental equipment business for another minute. Subsequent to the close of the quarter, we announced the expansion of our geographic presence to the African continent with the acquisition of a minority ownership position in the Dental Warehouse. Dental Warehouse has a very good brand, essentially at this time a consumables business which we hope to expand into the equipment field into the near future. The Dental Warehouse organization is headquartered in Johannesburg. It is a leading distributor, as I noted, of Dental consumable merchandise to dentists, and to private clinics, the universities and government agencies in South Africa. They're rather -- relatively small beginning from the Henry Schein overall point of view, about $10 billion -- $10 million, sorry, in sales annually and the company offers branded consumer products and enjoys number of exclusive relationships with multiple suppliers. We expect to expand the business by adding additional Schein products and expand the presence of the business north of Johannesburg into the African continent. We also have the option within a short period of time to increase our ownership position to that of a majority position and we'll do that at some point in the future. So this is a strategic transaction for Henry Schein as we continue to expand our global footprint and specifically into the developing world. So we started out in Hong Kong. We then expanded into China. We made our very successful investment in our Thai joint venture, which is going well. And now, our expansion to Africa continent. We believe that the opportunity for oral care in the developing world is quite good and Henry Schein is ideally positioned given our product offering and knowledge base, from a management point of view, to expand into the developing world over time. Let me now take a look and discuss a bit about our Global Animal Health business which continued to perform well during the quarter. North American internal sales performed slightly above our expectations for growth in the high single-digits. We recorded particularly strong sales during the quarter of parasiticide products. In addition, we are delighted to return to positive internal growth in local currencies in the International Animal Health arena with modest growth in most countries we serve. Again, I think we're comfortable that we continue to gain market share in each -- both in North America in, shall we say, the U.S. in Animal Health and Europe and as a Global business. Let me take a moment here to comment on our Global Animal Health business on perspective of increasing presence in that market. In the third quarter of 2013, our Global Animal Health business represented approximately 27% of our worldwide sales, behind only Global Dental among our business segments. As recently as 2008, our Global Animal Health business represented only approximately 13% of our global sales. We are extremely pleased with the success we have had in growing our worldwide footprint in this important market through a combination, of course, of acquisitions and good organic growth. And in our ability to improve profitability, this has also been a hallmark of this group, while doing so through an effective sales and marketing strategies and of course, our Henry Schein distribution expertise. Let me now turn to the Global Medical group, which is essentially our U.S. Medical business. While we continue to make inroads in the IDN networks, the Integrated Delivery Networks, urgent care settings and ambulatory surgery centers, we do believe that patient traffic to U.S. physician offices was slightly down during the quarter compared to recent trends. However, we really feel that our big opportunity lies in the larger practices and remain confident that our focus on large practices will allow us to continue to gain market share and we expect growth to be higher in the fourth quarter as we bring on some additional larger customers. This business of large customer onboarding can be lumpy from time to time. So let me just conclude with the seasonal flu, conclude on the medical side. We sold approximately 3 -- 6.3 million doses of seasonal flu vaccines during the third quarter. And as of today, I think Steven mentioned already, approximately 8.3 million doses. And this represents essentially all of our season supply. As previously mentioned, our sales of flu vaccines were lower this quarter. So it's very important to look at our medical sales, excluding flu, as the flu vaccine shipped really in the months significantly of September and October. So this year, we shipped less in September and more in October. But as we, I think, indicated on earlier calls, we did expect the profit margin to be higher and indeed, the profit margin was good this year, a little bit higher than last year. So now, let me conclude with a business overview, with our Global Technology and Value-Added Services businesses. Sales growth in those business units continue to be strong and in particular, on International side. Once again, growth was driven by the electronic services reoccurring revenue and, to some extent, software sales. So before we take questions, I'd like to speak for a moment on a topic that we at Henry Schein take rather seriously, and that is our Corporate Social Responsibility. Our commitment to being a good corporate citizen is shared by all Team Schein members globally and it's really at the heart of our culture and enables us to align our interests with those of our customers and our suppliers and enable the company to do well by actually doing good. It's a key part of the success story at Henry Schein. And we've had some really good brand recognition in this regard, but also had the opportunity to make a difference in many parts of the world. And in an effort to support our Corporate Social Responsibility focus in the third quarter, we celebrated the dedication of the Dr. Musa Bajali Henry Schein Care Education Center at Al-Quds University in the Palestinian Authority, promoting educational research and clinical programs in dental medicine. And we participated in the National Health Center Week with the National Association of Committee Health Centers, an important partner in our efforts to provide high-quality care across the United States and particularly in underserved communities. This weekend, this past weekend, at the American Dental Association meeting, we were once again recognized as one of the founders and drivers of the award-winning and most successful American Dental Association, Give Kids A Smile program. Our Home Health program provides full-spectrum medical and oral health support, including supplies, equipment and client health records, software and influenza vaccine programs. So I could go on and on and on talking about this, but the Henry Schein brand recognition today stands at an all-time high and I believe a large part of that of course is driven by our quality service and our terrific field sales and telesales organizations who deliver and who are supported by our services team that deliver on the commitments made by the sales force. But I do believe our corporate social responsibilities at Henry Schein Cares program are adding to our brand recognition. And as a final comment, I'd like to remind you that we'll be hosting an Analyst Day, an Investor Day in New York City on December 11. The event will run from 8:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. and institutional and analyst attendees must register in advance. For those of you not participating in person, the entire event will be available via webcast at henryschein.com. So lots and lots of activity going on at Henry Schein. We believe that the financial operating performance of the company is good. Actually, it's quite solid and we'd like to thank you for your attention this morning and also, of course, thank the team that is delivering on these very good results. Now, operator, we're ready to take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Stanley, just wanted to start on the Medical segment. You shared again that you gained share across all your businesses and I would assume that obviously includes the Medical segment. The growth there, even when adjusted for the flu, certainly looked like it decelerated. The growth, that is, decelerated a bit from what we've been seeing. Any more details you can share with us on what you're seeing within North American Medical, specifically maybe as it relates to the changes in the competitive landscape?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, Bob, I think we've mentioned this in previous calls. I think it's not the right thing to view the Medical growth quarter-to-quarter because the onboarding of these larger accounts can be quite lumpy. So I think it's better to take a several quarter approach. And I'm quite comfortable that we continue to gain market share in both the smaller practices, which of course there are less of, as well as these newer enterprises of size, whether they are IDN, or whether they are large multi-specialty or single-specialty group practices. And I think we are well positioned to service this new landscape that is emerging. I think the traffic to the physician environment went down. I think it probably didn't go down a material way, but it was down. But again, I don't view that as the leading indicator of our success -- our ability to keep pace with the market adjustment for patient traffic, I don't view that as the measure of our success. What I view as the measure of our success is the ability to convert these larger groups to Henry Schein, whether it's IDNs or group practices. In that context, I think we're doing well. As for the competitive landscape, I don't think much has changed. It's really a couple of large players that are fighting for the business based on value-added services, and I think we have very good value-added services driven by terrific computer platform, an IT platform and tied into our supply chain capabilities that gives these larger practices what they're looking for. We've always been pretty good with the small practices, essentially through our telesales, field sales and direct mail businesses. But the real fight and opportunity for the future is with these large practices, and I think we're well positioned and I would encourage analysts to talk to some of the large groups and some of the large hospitals and just find out how we're doing. And I think the comment I made will be collaborated -- corroborated, shall we say.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's fair. And then if I could just move over to Dental, some exciting announcements around E4D in the quarter with NEVO and Aspen. Specifically as it relates to the Aspen agreement, can you share anymore specifics around this opportunity? As we think about roughly 400 practices, how much of that would you expect to place E4D with? And then taking a step back around the CAD/CAM market, any overall comments you can share with us as far as CAD/CAM market growth and market share changes that are going on recently?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. As to the number of units that Aspen will place, I think it's far too early to tell. Suffice this to say that of the large group practices, the DMOs, Dental Management Organizations, Aspen is one of the first to take CAD/CAM very seriously. There are 1 or 2 that have already advanced the ball, but I would say Aspen is taking it quite far. And this is the first opportunity for a DMO to really look at E4D compared to competitive products. I would say, the 1 or 2 other group practices that are working in CAD/CAM, when they decided to move into CAD/CAM, E4D was really not ready. So this is the first time E4D really has competed heavily for a DMO's business, and we won the business based on product benefits and features and the overall technology, advantages of the technology, so we're quite pleased with that. As it relates to CAD/CAM, I think Wall Street needs to be a little careful. It's not about chair side only. Of course, that's a key part of it, it's -- CAD/CAM is much more than that. It's about the automation of the laboratory, the whole digitalization of prosthetics, and that's an area that Henry Schein is very much focused on. We are as focused on that as we were, for example, with sensors. I would say, 7 or 8 or 9 years ago we said, we wanted to be the biggest player in sensors, and I believe today, we sell more image sensors than anyone else. The same can be said of 3D. And we are very, very committed to the CAD/CAM space, whether it's chairside, or as I mentioned now, the important segment of the lab. And there's a lot going on there. There are many new ones out there: Sensors, scanners for CAD/CAM, quite a few software systems out there, both for the chairside and the lab, and many, many MLS. So it is our job at Henry Schein to advance our open architecture and be the one-stop shop in a market that today is a little bit confused. Dentists understand the importance of CAD/CAM, but are not sure where to go. So we will do what we've done before when we introduced software almost 2 decades ago, and be the first to come out with a really good priced software that had national service that's supported by a well-capitalized company. We did the same with sensors, we did the same with 3D, and now CAD/CAM presents this huge opportunity. But it is confusing because there are a lot of products out there, and one must be careful not to view this whole space as just a chairside space. This chairside, of course, it's important, it is the laboratory and it is the materials.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Krieger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Stan, maybe just a quick follow-up to Bob's question. Can you give us a sense, looking at your North American Dental equipment business, kind of relatively growth rates of CAD/CAM imaging and the more basic categories?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, on specifics, let me turn it over to Steven.
Steven Paladino: Yes. So, John, we saw really across-the-board strong growth. We had strong growth in traditional equipment, we had strong growth in high-tech equipment. In high-tech, our strongest growth category was E4D for the quarter. But the variation, if you look at traditional equipment, it was right around that 10% range also, and high tech was a bit above that because of the strong E4D sales growth. So again, really across-the-board growth in all equipment categories.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Excellent. On the consumable side, how is the specialty part of the market doing for you versus the general practitioners?
Steven Paladino: So I think we're doing well in Specialty. Remember, some markets, implants in Europe is under a lot of pressure. We continue, I think, to do better than the market. We are growing in the U.S. in implants and other specialty things. I just would caution though, John, remember, our total Specialty sales business globally is $400 million, plus or minus. So even though we're doing nicely there, it's still off of a relatively small base compared to our overall sales, but we certainly feel we are taking market share in that product category.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Great. And then maybe just one quick one. You've given us some comments on sort of your perception of patient traffic trends in medical. Are you seeing any changes in the dental and vet markets for foot traffic?
Stanley M. Bergman: I think both those markets, it's quite stable. On the dental side, I think it's relatively stable. On the animal health, I would say it's stable, but there are some reports that it's in the positive area, and I think there are some reports that indicate some of the large practices may be down in terms of traffic. But on balance I think in both those markets, it's pretty stable, with sales growing just a little bit more than the GDP, maybe 3-plus-percent.
Operator: The next question will come from Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Let me just follow up, I guess, on John's question there on the consumable side of the dental business. Steve, wondering if you could give any color on, maybe, price versus volume mix in the quarter and how you're thinking about volume trends, especially in the next year you'll lose maybe 100 to 150 basis points of pricing tailwind into next year. So do you think volume growth can kind of backfill that and keep you in the 3% to 4% range on the consumable side?
Steven Paladino: We do. And we do feel that a big chunk of our sales growth is related to price increases that are standard in the market every year. We've consistently said that throughout the years, dental price increases range maybe from 2% to 2.5% per annum. This year really was no different -- sorry, this year was a little bit different because of medical device excise tax. But we believe that the patient traffic in procedures is relatively flat in the U.S. market. And we do believe that we have potential to see that market expand to get some additional growth in procedures, and then obviously, that'll drive our consumables sales growth. So we feel comfortable that sales growth will not decline because price increases might be a little bit less next year. If anything, we're a little bit more optimistic than that because we do believe that the markets have greater potential, especially in the U.S., to show some acceleration. Again, that's not something that we're baking into our guidance, but we do believe that, that potential is pretty strong right now.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: All right. Great. And then on the working capital front, Steve, you mentioned that you'd expect operating cash flow to stay strong in the fourth quarter. Wondering how much you expect to work inventory down this year in fourth quarter versus last year in the fourth quarter? And really trying to feel out, I know last year, ahead of med tech tax, you bought forward some extra inventory, I think on both consumables and the equipment side. Can you just remind us how much in a typical year you buy forward? How much last year did you buy, an extra week's worth of inventory, things like that? Just trying to size that a little bit.
Stanley M. Bergman: Okay. Well, last year, because of the medical device excise tax, we bought approximately an additional $150 million of inventory. It wasn't all in the fourth quarter, some of it was in the third quarter. But by the year end we had an additional $150 million worth of inventory, really because we thought it was a good financial return because of the medical device excise tax. But our normal volumes, my guess would be will be consistent year-to-year, but we should show that decrease of $150 million at the year-end versus the year-end last year. And you've got to normalize for acquisitions and things like that, but on the core business, that should be the result.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, I was just trying to remember, and I don't know that you ever broke it out, but what that $150 million, how much of that, maybe was skewed towards Dental consumables versus Dental equipment on the North American business?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, it was skewed much more towards consumables, but I don't have the exact breakout. And the reason being, just because of cube size, it was easier to store the consumables rather than to store large equipment. So it was very much skewed towards consumables.
Operator: The next question will come from Glen Santangelo with Crédit Suisse.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Stanley, just want to follow up on some of the comments you made. I mean, when I look across all your major business lines, you see a pretty historic prevailing trend of the U.S. businesses seem to be doing very well, maybe even better than expected. While on a relative basis, the European or the International segment results, probably a little more anemic, and I think in your prepared remarks, you suggested that Europe is stable. And so I guess what I'm trying to ask is, if I look to your fiscal '14 guidance, what sort of embedded assumptions have you made about your domestic and international segments within that guidance?
Stanley M. Bergman: It's a good question, Glen. I think it's -- without getting to granular, it's our sense that the Dental market continues to be growing at low single-digits here in North America and is down slightly in Europe. Not a lot, but slightly, and it could tip into positive. And Australia is the one that's been quite a bit down. And I don't think we're going to bake too much positive into it, but I do believe there's an opportunity that the government will reinstate the reimbursement methodology that I think they had promised. On the Animal Health, the U.S., I think, is somewhere north of 3% to 4% internal growth. I'm talking about companion [ph], and maybe down slightly. But again, in both markets we -- and dental, we would hope to continue to gain market share. I think we have to be careful in the Animal Health because there was some softness in the parasiticides product category related to timing this year, so you have to take that into account when looking at the markets. Steven will be happy to give you more color on that. And the medical market, I'm not sure if it's growing, but the opportunity for Henry Schein to gain market share is very strong. So I think -- we will hope to continue to grow in mid-single-digits in that space without giving specific guidance, because I think we shouldn't do that. But that's sort of our hope, maybe a little bit higher. So and then if you pepper that with our continued growth in the technology in the value-added services area, that should also add with -- and that's higher margin, that should add to our profitability for next year. So that's sort of the kind of thinking. Our budget for 2014 is not done from a micro point of view, but from a macro point of view, but that's the kind of thinking. Maybe Steven, you want to add some additional color?
Steven Paladino: Yes. So I think it's important to note there's a difference on how we prepared our guidance, versus what we believe could happen in the markets. So to be specific, we prepared our guidance really assuming that in all markets, we would see stable conditions, maybe with a slight improvement more geared towards the North American market than the International market. However, we do believe that, that is being conservative. We do believe that the North American markets, both in dental and in veterinary, could see -- the potential was there to see a little bit faster growth in the markets than what we're assuming, although, again, we want to be conservative in our guidance. And really, we think that international, while it's less likely to happen in 2014, because it just may take a little longer, there is the opportunity for some better market conditions, maybe even in the tail half of 2014. But again, because the timing of exactly when that happens and because it's really impossible to predict, our guidance is really geared toward being a little bit more conservative on market conditions than what we think is likely to happen. The same thing would be true when you look at foreign exchange. We took a slightly conservative position on exchange rates in our guidance. No one really, I believe, knows exactly which way that's going to go, but we tried to be conservative on that. And I'm not trying to paint a picture that we're being ultraconservative, we're not. But we do have slight conservative -- conservatism built into our guidance because of the uncertainties and the unknowns in the marketplace.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I appreciate all that detail. Maybe if I could just ask one quick follow-up with respect to the company's acquisition strategy. Stan, on this call you talked about new markets like Hong Kong and Johannesburg, and it's clear the company has obviously been on a pretty feverish pace in terms of acquisitions the last several years. And while it doesn't seem like you're constrained from a balance sheet capacity perspective, I'm just kind of curious to get your view on the sustainability of the pace of acquisitions, given the management depth and whether you think the company can basically just sustain its current pace?
Stanley M. Bergman: We -- I think I mentioned this in the last call. We continue to be rather bullish on the ability to close on acquisitions. For 2013, as of this point in time, we have not closed on anything, in the aggregate, deals of substance. Whereas, we cannot commit that we're close on any deal, because deals are only closed when they're actually closed, we still are very much committed to our formula of taking about 1/3 of the cash we generate and a little bit more than that investing in acquisitions, 1/3 to buy back stock and 1/3 to deal with working capital and pay down debt. So I think we, hopefully, will close on acquisitions. We have very good depth in management. We have somewhat of a funnel in the number of deals we can close at any one time, because integration is always limited by human capital, but we remain quite optimistic that over the months to come, we will close on some deals, and I think the Hong Kong and China and Thailand and Johannesburg are more longer-term and less relevant to current earnings. The deals that we would hopefully close on in the not-too-distant future will be more related to earnings a year out or so, and they would be in the developed world. So areas that we're looking at, of course, are the Specialty areas and also Animal Health and Dental. So I'm quite optimistic. But these things are lumpy and they don't close until regulatory has done their work, legal has done theirs, finance has done theirs and human capital is lined from a business point of view.
Operator: The next question will come from Jon Block with Stifel.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Some of the big picture ones have been answered, so maybe just a little bit more of a specific question. In your Specialty business, I think the Easy implant was rolled out in German at a price of around EUR 99 to EUR 129 roughly 6 months ago. And if you can just talk to what you've seen there post-launch. Do you think it's allowing per share gains? And then your thoughts on bringing that type of an offering to the U.S. in 2014?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, I think that's a good question. I'm not sure we expected Easy to help us gain market share in Germany. It's more a placeholder in case the low-price implant will -- emerges. And at this point in time, the low-price implant has grown to some extent in Germany, but not become a material factor. Yes, there are a couple of players that are gaining some market share, but it's really not a major factor from our point of view, because Camlog is not at the high price of the equation. So it's there, we have sold some. We expect to bring it to the States at some point in the future. It's going through a regulatory review at this point. But I don't think we ever implied that the Easy would move the needle in a significant way at Camlog, but it's more in place to deal with a discounting reality, if that is needed in the implant field.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Great. And then, Steven, maybe some just detailed questions on the model. When we look towards next year, tax rate has come down a bit. So should we shake out closer to 30% or 32% when we look out to '14? Does your '14 EPS number assume that ongoing share repo? And then lastly, the noncontrolling was down q-over-q, is that just a function of you guys consolidating some of that up to the top line?
Steven Paladino: Okay. So on our tax rate, yes, we would be looking for our tax rate to remain in that 30% range. So that's for Q4, but it's also true for 2014. That's what we think is achievable. So I know when I looked at some early sell-side notes, some people thought it was a one-time benefit for the 30%, but we don't believe that's true. We believe that'll stay in that range. With respect to share repurchase, we are expecting to do a small amount of share repurchase. Really what we're expecting is to finish our authorized share repurchase amount of $75-ish million as part of our guidance, but we really don't have more than that built in. We do believe that we will continue with between $200 million and $300 million of share repurchase per year. We expect to talk about that in upcoming board meeting, but at this point we don't have approval for that, although I feel like the board is very positively inclined on the share repurchase program. I'm trying to remember, was there a third piece...
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Last one was the noncontrolling.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, the noncontrolling really, what happened there, we talked about it a quarter or 2 ago. We had a change -- we had an entity in Europe that we did not have a controlling interest. It was included in equity in affiliates and we bought up our interest in that entity. That's really what's showing if you look at the International Dental sales growth. There's some acquisition growth there, that's where it resides. So really, it was -- we don't really -- it's really a move geographically on the P&L, because it was in equity and earnings in affiliate, and now it's a consolidated entity. So we consolidated the whole thing, and the piece of it now comes out of noncontrolling interest.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Cherny with ISI.
Michael Cherny - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So a lot of my questions have been answered. I want to go back to the medical a bit, and maybe, Steve, kind expounding on some of your comments for next year. Obviously a lot of noise surrounding the rollout of ObamaCare. I know that in the past you've talked about not really knowing the specific amount that you may expect going into next year, but as you think about specifically the guidance, does it have any impact related to the expansion of healthcare reform? Any thoughts around coverage? And maybe given where you sit and the amount of physicians you touch, any feedback you're getting as to how they're positioning themselves for whatever current reform may actually work out?
Steven Paladino: Well, that's an obviously very difficult question. The easy part of the answer is, we're really not assuming any significant, or really any benefit in our guidance related to the Affordable Care Act, although we do believe that there'll be more covered lives, somehow, some way. We do believe that it should help patient traffic to our core customer, the physician practice, because it's trying to drive more efficient health care by moving patients out of acute care settings into physician or alternate care settings. But again, there's still so much uncertainty around what's going on there that we didn't feel it was wise to put any of that into our guidance.
Operator: Final question will come from David Larsen with Leerink.
David Larsen - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: I just had a quick question. Was there an impact on the medical growth rate due to a switch to or from agency sales? And if so, what was that impact?
Steven Paladino: On the medical side?
David Larsen - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Or in any one of your segments. I know that there had been a change in the way that you reported your growth rate. There was like an agency sales component versus -- there was a change there.
Steven Paladino: So, David, that only occurs in our U.S. Animal Health business. And we did say that the sales growth, normalized for that switch, was 4.8% for the quarter. There is not any similar agency sale concept in any of our other markets, although on the medical side, I think what's important to note is timing of flu vaccine sales, and I think it's important especially when looking at profitability and growth rates in the current quarter. We had about $8 million less flu vaccine sales in Q3 versus Q3 last year. For us, we don't really get concerned over that, because it's purely timing that will reverse in Q4. And as Stanley said, the timing of selling flu vaccines, the peak time is September and October, and this year it just so happened that more was weighted towards October than September. But that's the only kind of normalization adjustment on the medical side.
Stanley M. Bergman: So thank you, everyone. We wanted to end the call on time. We got comments the last time that we went over too long. So thank you for participating. If you have further questions, please feel free to reach out to Carolynne Borders and her phone number is (631) 843-5500. You can ask for her, or to Steve Paladino at the same number, (631) 843-5915. And also, please use Carolynne as your point person for RSVP for our Analyst and Investor Day. So to conclude, we remain quite bullish about the company. We're excited with our market share gains and the increase in our operating margin. The cash flow continues to be very good, and strategically, I think we're well-positioned to execute on our strategic plan, which goes through to the end of next year, and we will start shortly with developments of our strategic plan for January 1, 2015 for the 3 years thereafter. Thank you very much, everyone, and I'll speak with you in February. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Vice President of Investor Relations Stanley M. Bergman - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Executive Director
Analysts: Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Michael Cherny - ISI Group Inc., Research Division John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division David Larsen - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Diego Hernandez Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein second quarter conference call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you who are joining us to discuss Henry Schein's second quarter results. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Also, those forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The contents of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, August 6, 2013. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. [Operator Instructions] With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman: Good morning, and thank you, Carolynne, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. We are pleased to be reporting record sales results for the second quarter, and as an indicator of the continued success of our diversified strategy, each of our business units gained market share this quarter. This strong sales performance coupled with our ongoing expense control efforts has us on target for our full year financial plan. In fact, we are pleased that we were able to report raising the bottom of our 2013 financial guidance range by $0.05 per share. I'll provide some additional commentary on our performance in each of our business units in a moment but to just set the tone for the call, we really are pleased with the results of yet another very good quarter and the performance of each of our business units which, in the aggregate, have gained market share across the board in each of the markets that we're in. So thank you for calling in and now, let me ask Steven to review our quarterly financial results.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stan, and good morning to all. I am also very pleased to report overall solid results for the second quarter of 2013. As we begin, I'd like to point out that our prior year second quarter results included onetime restructuring costs of $3.4 million pretax or $0.03 per diluted share. Exhibit B of this morning's earnings news release reconciles GAAP and non-GAAP income and diluted EPS from continuing operations. Our net sales for the quarter ended June 29, 2013, was $2.4 billion, reflecting an 8.6% increase compared with the second quarter of 2012. This consisted of 8.7% growth in local currencies and a 0.1% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internally generated sales increased by 4% and acquisition growth was 4.7%. Our sales growth and share gains were enhanced by the timing of 2 factors that we discussed when reporting our first quarter results. First, the timing of Easter and Passover holidays impacted our U.S. business and had a more pronounced impact in Europe and Canada since it effectively added one business day to the current calendar quarter compared with last year in those geographies. Second, the timing of the IDS trade show in Germany positively impacted our International Dental equipment sales. We estimate that these 2 factors combined added a little less than 1% to our overall sales growth for the quarter. You can note the details of sales growth that are contained in Exhibit A of our earnings news release. Our operating margin for the second quarter of 2013 was 7.4%, an increase by 18 basis points compared with the second quarter of 2012, and that excludes those restructuring costs in the prior year. When we also exclude the impact of current year acquisitions that were completed during the past 12 months, our Q2 operating margin expanded by 32 basis points. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales improved 54 basis points as we continue to control and leverage our expense structure. The operating expense improvement was partially offset by a decline in gross margin of 36 basis points due primarily to 3 factors: first, greater internal sales growth in the Animal Health business, which is lower margin; second, the impact of 2 Animal Health acquisitions in the international market -- they were C&M Vetlink and AUV Veterinary Services, which accounted for approximately $79 million in sales from the quarter; and third, we did have some product mix issues across all of our businesses. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.4%, which is up slightly 0.2% versus the second quarter of 2012 and is in line with our guidance. We expect the overall effective tax rate for the rest of the year to remain in the 31% range. Our net income attributable to Henry Schein Inc. for the second quarter of 2013 was $108.4 million or $1.23 per diluted share. This represents increases of 8.1% and 10.8%, respectively, compared with the second quarter of 2012, again excluding those restructuring costs in the prior year. I'll also note that foreign currency exchange did not have any impact on our EPS for the quarter. I'll now provide some detail on our sales results for the second quarter. Our Global Dental sales for the second quarter of 2013 increased 6.2% to $1.3 billion. This consisted of 6% growth in local currencies and a 0.2% gain related to the foreign currency exchange fluctuations. In local currencies, internally generated sales increased 3.0%, and acquisition growth was similar at 3.0%. The 3% increase in internal growth in local currencies is comprised of 3.6% growth in North America and 1.9% growth in the international markets. I'll go through some details behind each of these figures. The 3.6% growth in North America included 4.2% growth in our dental consumable merchandise side of the business and 1.4% growth in our Dental equipment sales and service revenue. The 1.9% growth in International Dental market included a 1.3% decline in consumable merchandise and an 11.1% increase in Dental equipment sales and service revenue, which was of course enhanced by the IDS trade show. Our Global Animal Health sales were $666.3 million in the second quarter, which is an increase of 13.7%. This is comprised of 14.1% growth in local currencies and a 0.4% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internally generated sales growth was 4.2% and acquisition growth, again, primarily related to C&M Vetlink and AUV Veterinary Services was 9.9%. Our 4.2% internal growth included 9.6% growth in the North American market and a 1.4% decline internationally. If we normalize our results to account for the switch from agency sales, our North American sales growth was approximately 4.2%. This sales growth was lower than Q1 due to a later start to the flea and tick season compared with last year where we had more unseasonably warm weather that allowed the flea and tick season to start earlier. However, I think it's important to note that we expect the sales growth for the balance of the year in North America to return to the high-single-digit levels on a normalized basis. We believe we gained further market share in this business unit, and this marks our sixth consecutive growth of overall double-digit sales growth. Our Global Medical sales were $387.9 million in the second quarter, an increase of 7.4% in local currencies, which consist of 6.2% internally generated and 1.2% acquisition growth. The 6.2% overall internal growth in local currencies included the same number, 6.2% growth in North America and a 5.6% growth in the international markets. Here, also, we believe we continue to gain market share in the North American segment of this business unit, and that accounts for more than 90% of the total revenues for Medical. Our Global Technology and Value-Added Service sales was $78 million in the quarter, which was an increase of 14.5%. This included 14.9% in local currencies and a 0.4% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internally generated sales increased by 9.6%, and acquisitions contributed an additional 5.3% to our growth. That 9.6% internal growth in local currencies included 8.1% growth in North America and 18.4% growth International with particular strength in our electronic services recurring revenue, as well as overall software sales. During the quarter, we continue to repurchase our common stock in the open market. Specifically, we repurchased 840,000 shares during the quarter at an average price of just under $93 per share or approximately $78.1 million of cash. The impact for this repurchase on our second quarter results was not material. At the close of the second quarter, we had approximately $149 million remaining for future repurchases that were authorized by our board. If we take a look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow, our operating cash flow for the quarter was very strong at $274.8 million, and that compares to $178.5 million in last year's second quarter. We continue to believe that we'll have strong operating cash flow for the balance of the year. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding were 39.5 days in the current quarter, and that compares to 40 days in last year's quarter. Our inventory turns for the current quarter was 6.2 turns, and that compares to 6.5 turns in last year's quarter. It's important also to note that we no longer have any remaining inventory related to our forward buy-in with the medical device excise tax that we completed late last year. So inventory levels now have been reduced for that volume. Let me conclude my remarks by discussing our 2013 financial guidance. Due to the strength of our second quarter results, as well as the outlook for the second half of the year, we are raising the bottom end of our 2013 EPS guidance range, and we now expect the range to be $4.86 to $4.91, and this represents a growth rate of between 9% and 11% compared to 2012 results excluding those restructuring costs. This guidance also excludes 2 onetime items. The noncash charge of $0.03 per diluted share related to the debt refinancing of Henry Schein Animal Health, which was formerly known as Butler Schein Animal Health, as well as an estimated charge of between $0.13 and $0.15 per diluted share, which we expect to take in the third quarter related to divesting a noncontrolling interest in a dental wholesale distributor that we previously announced. Also, as always, our 2013 guidance is for current operations, as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions but does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions. Let me now turn the call back over to Stan.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Steven. As I noted in my opening remarks, we're very pleased with our second quarter results. Quite solid across the board. We are seeing an overall stable environment among our U.S. customer base, slightly leaning in the positive direction, and I have confidence that we will continue or even improve somewhat on our sales over the coming quarters. Overseas, however, we are experiencing continued geographic weakness related to the macroeconomic factors, although there are strengths in certain markets such as Germany. Let me now provide some more specific observations on each of our business units, starting with the Global Dental business. Internal sales results in local currencies were particularly strong in the North American Dental consumable merchandise and International Dental equipment businesses as we experienced a typical benefit from the biennial IDS trade show. During June, we announced 2 developments in our Dental unit that are noteworthy. We did announce the introduction of a new product called Realine from Align Technology, which is an entry-level, clear aligner solution designed for relatively minor crowding and space issues that general practitioner dentists see in their practices every day. Realine is ideal for adults whose teeth have shifted from -- have shifted after adolescence orthodontic treatment, and we are now actively selling this product in the U.S. This agreement is Align's first exclusive distribution partnership in North America for a clear aligner product, and we are delighted to be partnering with them on this innovation and, quite actually, innovative solution. It's pretty early to tell how this will be received by the marketplace, but our sales force is reporting very good interest in the product offering of the Realine product, and we are quite enthusiastic about this launch, which also was as I -- which actually I didn't report to the shareholders before -- was actually well received at our international sales meeting. Also at our National Sales Meeting in June, we unveiled the all-new E4D NEVO Scanner and Design Center. The NEVO Scanner technology represents a new level of precision, proficiency and productivity compared with prior D4D systems and is based upon years of experience with powder-free and, as you know, D4D has been powder-free right from the beginning almost, image capture in the intraoral environment. This is the first scanner to use E4D's patent pending blue laser technology, and it offers dentists the potential to further improve the quality, fit and predictability of restorations. It also affords the patient a great outcome and strengthens the practitioners' clinical offering. I'm delighted to report that we are receiving extremely positive feedback from dental professions -- professionals, in other words, key opinion leaders, in the United States who are using the system from the very first time. And we are quite optimistic with this, what we view as breakthrough technology in the CAD/CAM scanning field. Let me now spend a few minutes on our Global Animal Health business, which notched further market share gains, we believe, during the quarter here in North America and in -- abroad. The North American growth was nearly 10%, all internal of course, and in the companion animal field primarily. International growth in local currency was approximately 19%, which was driven by acquisitions, while international internal growth declined slightly, primarily due to the macroeconomic environment in most of the countries in which we operate in. That's outside the U.S. You will recall that early in 2012, we acquired Veterinary Instrumentation, which is the leading supplier of surgical instruments and orthopedic devices to veterinary surgeons in the United Kingdom. What attracted us to this company was not only its leadership position in the U.K. but also the opportunity to bring their high-quality products to other geographies. In May, we announced the introduction of the full-service Veterinary Instrumentation product line in the United States, and we're expanding the veterinary instrument offering, therefore, from the U.K. into the United States to a greater extent than in the past, with positive results, I might add. We are committed to offering the best products and services to our customers here and so the veterinary instrument line fits in with that goal, and we're excited to bring these proprietary products to our domestic animal health customers, therefore. So generally, quite happy with the performance of our Global Animal Health business. In the United States, we believe we continue to gain market share; likewise in Europe. Having said that, in Europe, the markets are, of course, are not growing. In the Global Medical arena, we also believe we further gained domestic market share in this business unit with strong sales growth in Integrated Delivery Networks, that's the IDNs, urgent care settings and ambulatory surgical centers. We have particularly good competency and strength to service these markets in the alternate care space. Our strategy is to focus on these types of larger customers who are continuing to grow their share of the overall foot traffic in the medical arena, and we continue to show positive results of the strategy that we have been following for the past half dozen years or so. So now let's look at the Global Technology and the Value-Added Services businesses. As Steven mentioned, we posted particularly strong sales growth in electronic services -- reoccurring revenues, as well as sales of software products. We are also delighted to report another quarter of double-digit growth in the international software market as well. We believe that our products are very well positioned to help practitioners who are faced with challenging economic times, and the products can, of course, help them increase the profitability of their practices while, of course, increasing the quality of care. And so we believe we're well positioned to help and, therefore, showing very good growth in our international software business, as well, I might add, in our international financial services business. Last September, we acquired a majority interest in the Canadian dental software company, The Exan Group. Exan products have strong penetration among U.S. and Canadian dental schools and are also used by Canadian dentists. About 2 months ago, we announced the release of a new French language version of the Power Practice Software system, which previously was available only in English, through Exan. The Power Practice was developed in Canada by Exan, by their local development team. And as the full -- the first full practice management software system in French, designed for French Canadian dental practices, this product has also been well received in the marketplace. So there's a lot going on at Henry Schein. So I think it's best for me to now allow for the rest of the time of this call to respond to questions that analysts and shareholders may have. And so, operator, perhaps it's best now to ask for Q&A.
Carolynne Borders: Amy, could we please start the Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So just to start on North American Dental. You saw some nice growth there, a nice step forward in the quarter, and you're specifically calling out consumables. Can you give us a sense for what you saw in the quarter, as far as foot traffic, versus price increases, versus share gains, just trying to get a sense of what was driving the growth in the quarter in North American Dental?
Steven Paladino: Well, so the consumable growth, remember we did have a little bit of tailwind for the quarter related to the timing of the holidays. But even without that, the consumable growth was over 3%. So we think that, for us, there's probably about 2/3 of that, that is pricing and 1/3 that's additional units. So we think we are gaining market share since we think that the overall market units is relatively flat. So we feel good that we're gaining market share. Equipment, I think while equipment was a little over 1% of sales growth, I think it's important to note that equipment, we had a very strong Q2 last year with almost 8% sales growth, so up against a more difficult comparable. But we feel good about equipment growth in the U.S. market going forward. Our backlog report shows a nice healthy increase, both domestically, as well as internationally, so both of those are good indicators. So overall, we feel like that the overall U.S. dental market has the potential to show some additional improvement. As Stanley said, that the market is stable to slightly positive in foot traffic, so we believe that, that's true. And we're hopeful that for the rest of the year, we'll continue to show those trends.
Stanley M. Bergman: Just to amplify a little bit on what Steven said. Of course, I don't think any particular group of weeks represents a trend necessarily. But our sense, and this is anecdotal, is that the U.S. dental market traffic into GPs is getting a little bit stronger and that there's a lot more optimism amongst GPs in general -- there's some parts of the country, where this may not be the case -- there's a trend towards a little bit more optimism than perhaps some months ago.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understood. And actually just want to get one in on Animal Health. You mentioned your expectations for Animal Health in North America in the back half. But the internal growth in the International Animal Health business is a bit disappointing. Can you talk about the trends you're seeing in the major markets overseas in vet? And I guess, just as it relates to that market -- obviously, inter-quarter, we saw a fairly significant acquisition announced from your largest U.S. competitor, just wondering if you would comment on the risks or trends that we should be thinking about in that space.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. The overall trends are a little bit different for the U.S., whereas the U.S. is stable to growing, I would say international is stable in the markets that we're in, to leaning slightly down. The U.K. market that you referenced is probably leaning in the slightly down column, and Europe is on balance, probably stable to slightly down. We do participate a little bit more in the large animal market, particularly in the Netherlands, and that market, the large animal, is not as strong as it's been in the past. As it relates to Australia and New Zealand, I think we continue to gain market share but the -- and there we're also in the large animal arena, the market is not as strong as it's been in the past. So I would say that, on balance, we feel that the markets that we're in, in the aggregate, are gaining market share slightly, but the markets are stable to slightly down. As it relates to a competitor that entered into the U.K. market, I would say that we have competitors, strong competitors in every market throughout the world. We're a good #2 player and have been a good #2 player in the U.K. animal health market for a while, several years. We're very happy with the progress of that business, have an outstanding stable management team that's been with us for a while. We've gained market share, we've improved on the efficiency of the business, we've continued to invest in that business and are very comfortable that we will continue to grow our market share in the U.K. as well. Let me add that we're also making good progress on our Practice Management software in the animal health arena, and we believe that our logistics plus our value-added software offering will continue to help us advance our market share, all in unison with some high margin products that we're adding in different markets throughout the world, such as the vet instruments offering.
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I guess I wanted to start off with the International Dental equipment growth. Obviously, saw a pretty good impact from IDS, was that pretty much in line with what you expected, going into the show? And then, how much follow-through have you seen into Q3?
Stanley M. Bergman: I would say the follow-through after the show was pretty good. The actual orders at the show were impacted to some extent, by -- I think it was an airport strike on the Friday and there was snow. So if you lump together the orders that were received immediately before the show and after the show, we are quite happy with our performance in Germany, and actually believe we continue to gain market share in equipment field in Germany amongst the key manufacturers of dental equipment in Germany. So I think, on balance, it was a very good show and has given us good momentum going into the balance of the year. But the actual orders taken at the show were somewhat challenged because a number of our customers could not get in to deliver the orders. But we didn't miss a beat really, we picked up the orders afterwards and, overall, we're quite happy with our German business in general.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes. But anyway, going back to -- I've got a quick question for you, Steve, minority interest, or net income attributable to minority holders, was a little bit higher than what we were looking for. Just wondering what's caused -- it that really just from the acquisitions and is this kind of a run rate we should be looking at on a go-forward basis?
Steven Paladino: Yes. I think the run rate -- first of all, that number being higher is a very good indicator, because that means the underlying business units that we have a controlling interest on, those -- the profitability of them is increasing, and that backs out the minority share of profits that we do not own. So I do think the run rate that we're seeing now, we should look at more consistently, again as adjusted for seasonality. The biggest driver really was the U.S. Animal Health business that had very strong profitability growth, as well as we did increase our ownership during the year slightly. So that was the biggest driver. I just want to also just remark on the last question. I think it's important on the Dental equipment sales internationally to note that, going forward, we feel bullish about international equipment sales because of the backlog report, that's up slightly at the end of the quarter, even despite the IDS trade show, and that's a very strong indicator.
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Cherny of ISI.
Michael Cherny - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Similar to Bob's question on Dental, I want to dive into the medical a bit. You guys have continued to perform well, from an organic growth perspective, particularly against what looks like a backdrop of challenging utilization. Can you maybe break down that what you see as some of the differences? I know, Stan, you talked about focus being on the IDNs, but in terms of what you guys are seeing in your book of business, on foot traffic versus price versus share gain, particularly given there's been some disruption recently in the competitive landscape?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. It's very, very hard to gauge foot traffic because the market is not constant any longer. You see a shift from smaller practices to larger practices, and a shift from both smaller and larger practices to acquisition by, to some extent, consolidators, but more importantly, ownership by IDNs in one form or another. There's just no data available. What we can report is that our business in the smaller accounts is not doing well. It's not doing badly but you can see that this area is definitely not where the growth is coming from. Having said that, the growth is really coming from these consolidators, whether they are IDNs or they are group practices merging with other group practices, or group practices acquiring small practices. And there's many, many different ways in which this is taking place. And that part of the business is particularly strong. One should never count one's eggs before they are hatched, but we think that we are on a very good position to continue to gain market share amongst this emerging sector, the area that we refer to as our Health Care Services group, and this is a group we put together about half a dozen years ago, and it's gaining real market share growth. I don't believe that there's any price inflation, really. I mean there's something perhaps here relative to the medical device tax, some of that's been passed on. Although in the aggregate, in our $1.5 billion business or so, I don't believe that's, that material, it's basis points. But overall, the growth that we're experiencing is from market share growth. Of course, there is some growth coming out of these urgi centers and some of the other specialty products that we've introduced over the last few years. I think we're doing well in equipment, particularly diagnostic equipment. But overall, its market share growth in units that is driving our sales here. And although it's very hard to predict every quarter going forward, we remain rather bullish on our continued growth. I don't think particular -- any particular acquisition is driving our growth in a positive direction or a negative direction. The market is consolidating and the larger players will, of course, do well because in the end, this market is driven by the capacity to deliver on value-added services to these larger customers. And for that, you need to invest a lot of money in software and other services and, I think, we've made a lot of investment already and will continue to make that investment, and those that make those investments or have the capacity to make those investments will do well.
Michael Cherny - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then one other follow-up on IDS. Obviously, strong growth there for the quarter. If you think about within those markets, are there any specific product areas that were selling particularly well versus others? And obviously, Sirona, who you're partnered with over there, had a very large showing in terms of new product introductions. But any other areas of equipment, in particular, that have garnered significant interest coming off the back of IDS and anything where maybe you expected in terms of a product category to be a little stronger and it came in less than your expectations?
Stanley M. Bergman: I don't think it's that finely -- the categories are not that finely granular that I could really comment on. Of course, equipment is important to us but we have a business that's heading towards $10 billion, $9.5 billion, and the impact of IDS per se on the whole of Henry Schein is not that pronounced that we would actually look at specific categories. And Steven will be happy to talk to our equipment people and get the details for you. But I would say, IDS was good generally for CAD/CAM imaging and even the unit sales. And I can't tell you whether there's a particular unit sale that was down or less -- was not -- didn't grow as much as our expectations or not -- that's a bit too fine for this call. What I can tell you is that, generally, our manufacturers did well at IDS, across the board. There was a good showing of new equipment but I would say also that nothing that was completely profound. I think the showing of new equipment was more or less in line with what was expected. Our sales force was ready for the new equipment and was able to process interest of customers and turn that into sales. So I don't think there was any major disappointment or major really positive surprise from the show. It was a good show. And was in line with what we expected, more or less, other than the weather, which resulted in us having to pick up orders and close the orders after the show, but I don't think that will impact, really, shipments in any particular way.
Operator: The next question is from John Kreger of William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Stan, a question for you, kind of along the mix topic. Can you give us a sense across your 3 main segments, the kind of momentum you're seeing with private label versus branded products? And is that influencing mix at all?
Stanley M. Bergman: I don't -- let me just think about it. On Dental, I don't believe private brand is having a material impact in any way. There may be markets that it's going up, there's certainly other markets where the branded manufacturers are responding -- by the way, you should know that, generally, in Dental, we have our biggest market share in private brand. We are essentially a branded company, and where we have a branded option, we will kick off with that. We only use the private brand where we have price competition, and this tends to be on the less technique-sensitive products and more towards the commodity and infection control commodity-type products. So I don't think there's much swing. I mean there are a couple of markets I can think of in Europe right now, where we were particularly under-penetrated in this area and others were perhaps more focused on this and we've advanced. But overall, it's quite stable. In the Animal Health area, it's a relatively small amount of the business because the business is predominantly in the branded pharmaceutical area from a sales point of view, and in the Pet Food area, and those are essentially branded products. We do sell some generics. We are increasing our sales in absolute terms on things like surgical products and instruments, et cetera, but it's not material as a percent of this almost -- what is it? $2 billion business, or more than $2 billion business, I don't think it's material. On the medical side, I would have to say that, it is growing. And it's growing because of the price pressure and it's growing, I would say, with the medsurg products in particular; we don't really sell private brand equipment. It's some small equipment and maybe private brand, we do not really have private brand reagents for machines, that's all branded. There's some private brand quick diagnostic type stuff and I don't know if that's growing, it's probably stable. And on generics, yes, on the injectable side, it's important. Although there's been a shortage of injectables, it slightly eased up. And of course, I don't know how you would classify a flu vaccine, but if you classified it as an injectable -- as a generic, of course, that is growing. And although there is a branded flu vaccine that's coming to market now, I don't think it will have a material impact on the number of doses, at least not for the foreseeable future.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Great, thanks. A quick follow-up about your -- across your Global Dental equipment line. Within CAD/CAM and digital scanning, are you seeing more momentum with the full chairside systems or with the scanner-only option at this point?
Stanley M. Bergman: I think the scanner-only option is relatively small, although will gain momentum. I think we're really at the early stages of this whole CAD/CAM recognition by dentists. I think there's a lot of curiosity, and I think the majority, of course, of dentists that are buying these CAD/CAMs today are buying a chairside unit. Having said that, I'd think the scanners -- there are many scanners out there, and the market will grow, it will develop. I think we're in a stage today where dentists are looking at all the options out there and I think the variety of scanners that are in the marketplace will just draw attention to this marketplace and make dentists more comparable to invest in this space. But I would say that from a dentist's point of view, at least from my gut reaction, I don't have any scientific data right in front of me, the majority of dentists that are investing in the space are today investing in the area of chairside. The whole role of the laboratory as it relates to CAD/CAM is fascinating and that's emerging rapidly with many, many different players and lots and lots of different solutions. Of course, Henry Schein's goal is to be the #1 place for dentists to turn to and for laboratories to turn to, to understand the changes and be the trusted adviser in leading dentist/dental labs in the area of digital dentistry from a prosthetics point of view. But we're in early stage, I think, still, with lots of excitement of us.
Operator: The next question is from Brandon Couillard of Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Stanley, just curious if you care to give us your expectations around flu dose volume shipments and AFPs for the back half of the year and whether we should expect that to be more weighted between the third or fourth quarter, just on the back half.
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, as it relates to expectations, at this point in time, our internal numbers, as -- I think, I don't think this is anything new, otherwise we would've changed things and we would've announced it. Very similar to last year and I don't think we're looking for much change either in volume or pricing. Of course, things could change. And it's really virtually impossible to give you the shipping dates because, as it happens, you know, the fine line in shipment between September and October is very hard to predict. So I don't think it's material in relationship to Henry Schein's performance because we will always point out the aggregate of flu vaccine shipments in doses and impact on earnings per share for the entire year, and we will make that very clear in the third quarter conference call. So I don't think it will have -- it should not an impact on our earnings per share for the year, at least from what we're seeing right now and we're not aware of any manufacturer that has difficulty.
Steven Paladino: And just to remind people, we sold about 8.6 million doses last year, so again, as Stanley just said, we do expect a similar volume this year and, again, between Q3 and Q4, from our perspective, it's just really not possible to give, at this time, any accurate projections. But we'll be totally transparent on the Q3 conference call and compare our Q3 results this year and last year. And the good part is that by the time we announce Q3 results, we'll be well into selling into Q4, so we'll be able to give indications on full year, also.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And then one more, Stan. Acquisition activities have been fairly muted year-to-date. Just curious, how would you characterize the acquisition pipeline and where you see the greatest opportunities sort of mid-term?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. I mean, the pipeline continues to be as strong as ever. Muted is not reflective of what's likely to happen. Deals happen when they are ready to happen. We have more in our pipeline than we have the capacity to close, not from a financial point of view. In fact, we think our balance sheet is a little bit under-leveraged at this point in time. But more from a capacity to actually do the deals and absorb them from an internal point of view. But we are hopeful, but no promises that, in the second half of the year, we will be able to close on some deals that will bring us accretion. Not necessarily this year, of course, because of the way of the accounting treatment, but that will give us momentum into next year and the year after. So we continue to be quite optimistic. We're not going out of the dental medical vet space. Our consumables equipment and software will remain within that space. But we believe there's lots of opportunity and are hopeful that we will close some deals in the not-too-distant future. But of course, we can't guarantee until the deals are done.
Operator: The next question is from David Larsen of Leerink Swann.
David Larsen - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Can you talk about what your preliminary expectations are for 2014 in health reform, and the decline in a number of uninsured lives, any thoughts around that?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. It's a good question because we spend a lot of time talking to people that are in the health care delivery world and it's still rather unclear. What is clear is that health care reform is here to stay. At least the notion of insuring people that were not insured in the past and the implications of that relative to visiting -- having access to a physician rather than only being to go to the emergency room of a hospital should somebody be sick. So we see a lot more wellness programs emerging. And a lot more preventive activity. And that takes place essentially in the physician office. And we also see a marked movement from the hospital where procedures are taking place to the alternate care site for procedures. The doctor's office, the small ASC and the large ASC. And our focus is essentially on the doctor's office and the smaller ASCs. Now when it comes to the doctor’s office, of course, that can be small groups and large groups. But our focus is essentially on the smaller ASCs although we do have some larger ASCs. Now a lot of is going to happen, we think, in 2014 and more in 2015. Exactly when this is going to transform -- translate into dollars, it's hard to tell. But we are doing well today without this movement resulting from increased covered lives and only expect -- and expect that there will only be more to follow as anywhere from 30-plus million Americans have access to a physician from -- in a physician office due to emphasis on wellness and prevention, and that's very exciting for our medical business. So we believe we just need to continue advancing our programs in the medical arena, and we will be the beneficiary of this trend in the years to come. But hard to pinpoint a date. I think, for sure, by 2015, we will have a nice benefit, but I think it will grow between now and then. And also, I think insurance companies, in anticipation of some of the changes, are driving activity to the alternate care site with a focus on prevention and a focus on wellness. All of this, I think, bodes well for this part of our business.
David Larsen - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Okay, thanks. And just one more follow-up. Steve, can you just touch on SG&A? I mean, it looks like costs were managed very well in the quarter. Is this a pretty good run rate going forward, do you think?
Steven Paladino: Yes. Again, subject to seasonality and acquisition activity, I would say, yes. And it's by design, there's a continued focus on managing expenses tightly. We know that the markets that we're in are growing slower than historic norms, so we want to continue to do that. So I think it is something that we take great pride on and will continue to do going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Valiquette from UBS.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So just 2 quick ones for me. First, on the North American Animal Health for the back half of the year, will the agency sales impact on the reported results be about the same as what it was in the second quarter? I just kind of forgot when you anniversary some of that.
Steven Paladino: Yes. So again, we have been getting, for a few quarters now, what we call the normalized sales growth. So it adjusts for any shifts of agency to traditional sales or vice versa. And as we said in the prepared remarks, we do believe that for the balance of the year, that normalized sales growth will be in the high-single digits. So it'll be back to where it was in Q1. We had this anomaly in Q2 because of a very strong flea and tick season last year. And I think that roughly speaking, the delta between GAAP reported sales and normalized sales will stay consistent for the balance of the year.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And the other quick one, you guys gave us some pretty good color around the International Dental equipment, but for the back half of the year, it seems you also have some pretty easy comps there versus the back half of '12. So I think, at a minimum, you should be able to sustain at least positive organic growth in that line in the back of the year, as opposed to reverting back to negative territory. Is that a fairly safe assumption just based on your comments, without getting too granular?
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, I never found a quarter in our -- my 30 years with Henry Schein that's been easy, but I appreciate the positive tone of your question. Having said that, I think our book right now, as of this moment -- of course, I can't turn this statement into any kind of calculation, I think our book of business at this point on the equipment side generally is pretty good and we are optimistic. But we have, ahead of us, the big dental show in France in November. The French economy, it's hard to tell because it's summer now and not much activity, was steady going into the third quarter. But there's very little prediction and no comfort that the economy will continue to be this way. I think Germany is stable and the U.K. is stable. And so -- and then we got Australia where we have some real challenges. About $1 billion was taken out of reimbursement by the government from a $7 billion reimbursement package. So I think it's better for us to be conservative when we prepare our internal projections. So I think we are leaning towards positive growth, but I think it's hard to confirm one way or the other. And I don't think it would be wise for us to predict where the third and fourth quarter will end up with from an equipment point of view in Europe given the volatility of those economies. But we remain very optimistic and, generally, our international businesses, whether they are dental, medical and/or vet, have really good management teams and they're always outstanding.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glen Santangelo of Crédit Suisse.
Diego Hernandez: It's actually Diego filling in for Glen, and I was just kind of wondering if you can help us out, thinking about the operating margins in the distribution businesses, which is the tech and value-added services line, and maybe how that came in versus your expectations?
Steven Paladino: Sure. Overall, again, operating margins, were up 18 basis points. Let me just pull out some of the detail between distribution as you're asking. Just give me one second to do that. As I'm pulling it out, I'll just comment that overall, we think that operating margin expansion is an important goal that we continue to believe we can get margin expansion. We always look at operating margins, excluding acquisitions or current year acquisitions, because if we buy a high or low-margin business, we kind of look at the same-store operating margin, excluding that acquisition. And for the quarter, we did show, on that same basis, excluding acquisitions, 32 basis points of operating margin expansion, x acquisitions, we got margin expansion, both in the health care distribution segment and in the technology segments. Including acquisitions though, the technology segment declined slightly, because we did buy some companies that while they have overall good margins in the teens or 20% range, they are lower than our overall technology margins. So again, because of that current year acquisition activity, it did show on a reported basis a little bit of decline. But overall, I think it's good that we increased on both components, again, x acquisitions on a same-store basis.
Operator: We do have time for one more question, and that question is from Jeff Johnson of Robert Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So 2 just quick follow-ups. One, I tend to think about consumables on the dental side as kind of your leading indicator for equipment, and consumables are getting better, then dentists probably a few quarters later are going to start buying equipment again. So in North America, it looks like we're starting to move the right direction there. But 2 quarters in a row now of the international consumables business being negative so, Stanley, I heard some cautionary comments from you on the international equipment side. But is that kind of what's leading to some of the caution there on the international side and conversely, on the North American side? Is that what's giving you some confidence in the equipment market there?
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, I can't remember the exact quarter, but my guess is 4 or 5 quarters ago, we were quite cautionary on the U.S. market, and I think we can quite safely say, as I'm making this statement, this very second, that we tend to be a little bit more optimistic, or quite a bit more optimistic, on the U.S. and I might add, the Canadian market. So that kind of sentiment or that kind of gut, and to be sure, we're talking about a couple of percentage, either away, we're not talking about massive swings one way or the other. It's that kind of sentiment that we're a little bit concerned with in Europe. Look, Germany is stable. We've had good IDS. We think, in the wake of that, there will be some business to be had in the third and fourth quarter. Having said that, Italy went through a very traumatic period. The Italian market melted. The dental market went back significantly, although we gained a lot of market share because we have capital and I think a great business in Italy, the only national consumable and equipment business. I think, although business is good-okay, in France, I think, at least if you read the newspapers, you've got to believe that the French economy is going to have some bumps along the way, although we haven't seen it dramatically from our point of view. The U.K. is a bifurcated economy. If you go into London, things are okay; if you go outside of London, some of the big cities, there are challenges. But on balance, I think we will continue to gain market share. But gaining market share is, in itself, is not as good as gaining market share within a growing market. The Netherlands had some economic challenges as it related to reimbursement. I think in a quarter or 2, we should see some positive growth as that market stabilizes. And then Australia, we had a very, very good finish to their fiscal year, which is the second quarter. In fact, we've seen some reimbursement changes, very rare do we see reimbursement changes impacting our dental business. But we have seen some reimbursement changes in Australia, and we're heading into an election. There's optimism that once the election is over, the economy will get better, I was just there the other day. And so, the rest of the world is not that material. Spain, yes, the comps are much lower than they were because the economy collapsed some time ago. So we're off lower comps. So I think it is only prudent for us to be conservative on European performance, from an equipment point of view, although consumables seem to be chugging along okay. So I just think we should be conservative and that's what I believe Steven has baked into his budgets and guidance, et cetera. But the business is in solid state. I believe that the European economy will get better at some point and we will, at that point, be very well positioned to do even better, because I think a lot of our competitors are weakened right now, and so I think -- they're weakened and we're investing in our European businesses. So I remain optimistic about our International strategy. I expect us to make acquisitions globally, no problems. And I still think our International business is likely to be closer to half in the next few years, than it is to the 35% it is today. And it will be profitable business. So, I'm sorry not to give you a perfect answer but that's the thinking right now. It's better to be a little cloudy and therefore, [indiscernible].
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes. No, that's helpful, Stanley. And Steve, just a clarifying question for you on the North American Dental equipment business. Just any color you can provide on high tech versus basic in the quarter?
Steven Paladino: It was interesting because typically high tech leads for us. This quarter we saw actually very strong growth on traditional equipments. One of the things I think that is a reason, is a little bit of an anomaly this quarter because I think the people are very excited about the new NEVO Scanner for the E4D product. And I think that, as that product comes to market in, I guess, late Q3, I think people are waiting for the introduction of the new product. So I think that's also a good indicator, Jeff, because, as you know, traditional equipment, I think, is where people tend to, when they're being conservative, pull back on. And the fact that we saw good growth there, I think was very interesting. And I do agree with your earlier comments that the uptick in U.S. consumable merchandise, potentially, is an indicator of equipment sales growth going forward.
Stanley M. Bergman: So I think, Carolynne, we'd like to end at this point. Thank you very much for calling in. Thank you for your interest. We feel very good about where Henry Schein is. The morale in the company's good. Each of our businesses have their goals and, on balance, are delivering on those goals. Yes, there are some businesses that are doing better and some that are not doing as best they can, but it's -- as best we expect them to do, actually. And we have a pretty diverse portfolio, all focused on the office-based practitioner, dental, medical, animal health, and these are great markets. Preventative care is growing and baby boomers are driving business in our customers' offices. Technology is exciting, lots and lots of technology to be sold to improve efficiency of the practice, improve quality of care. There's a recognition that good oral care is good for health care. There's a recognition that preventative care is important and the health care reform is going to support that recognition. So we're very, very enthusiastic, optimistic. Our management team is in good shape. We've added, and we continue to add, to the management team, and our 3 business units, Dental, Medical, Vet, our global business units, are all fully organized in this global vertical, working with our horizontal global supply and services, the team. And so I would say, Henry Schein is in good shape right now, and we're enthusiastic about the rest of the year and working -- will soon start feverishly working on our budget for 2014 and look forward to our call in 90 days. Thank you very much. If you have questions, please feel free to call Carolynne at, what is your extension, Carolynne?
Carolynne Borders: 8105. 390-8105.
Stanley M. Bergman: And Steven at 5915. And that's (631) 843-5915. And of course, you're also welcome to send an email. Thank you very much and have a good rest of the summer.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's teleconference. At this time, you may all disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Vice President of Investor Relations Stanley M. Bergman - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Executive Director
Analysts: Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael Cherny - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein First Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us today to discuss Henry Schein's first quarter results. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The contents of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, May 7, 2013. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. [Operator Instructions] With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman: Good morning, and thank you, Carolynne. Before I begin to discuss the quarter, let me note that just this week, Henry Schein placed #296 in the 2013 Fortune 500 ranking of America's Largest Corporations. Achieving a milestone as significant as being ranked 1 of the 300 largest companies in America reflects the successful strides our Team Schein Members have made in growing the company, specifically over the last 17 years since we went public. To climb more than 190 spots on the Fortune 500 list in less than a decade is testament to our success in executing on our strategic plan that focuses on our customers' needs by taking advantage of new technologies and tapping into growing markets. Now turning to our results for the quarter. We are very pleased to report positive growth in local currencies in each of our 4 business groups during the quarter. The performance was driven by organic growth in North America and, of course, strategic acquisitions worldwide. Sales growth was negatively impacted by a number of factors that Steven will discuss in greater detail shortly, yet overall, our bottom line performance was in line with our internal expectations, and we are pleased to affirm earnings per share guidance for the full year of 2013. Of course, I'll provide additional commentary after Steven reviews the numbers in greater detail, and then, of course, we'll be open to questions and we'll give appropriate answers. So first, let me ask Steven to give you a review of our quarterly financial results.
Steven Paladino: Okay, thank you, Stan, and good morning to all. I am also pleased to report overall solid results for the first quarter of 2013. Before we begin, I'd like to point out that Q1 2013 results include onetime non-cash expenses related to the refinancing of the Butler Schein Animal Health debt. This was previously announced during our last quarterly conference call. I would also note that the first quarter of last year of 2012 results include restructuring costs of $11.8 million on a pretax basis or $0.09 per diluted share. Exhibit B of this morning's earnings news release reconciles these onetime non-GAAP items to GAAP net income and EPS from continuing operations. So with that, I'd like to begin by discussing the 4 factors that affected our sales results for the quarter. First, our exceptionally strong performance in last year's Q1 2012 made for a difficult comparison in 2013. Specifically, our Q1 2012 local internal sales growth was exceptional at 7.8% on a worldwide basis, and that translated into EPS growth of 19.5%. Second, in 2013, both the Easter and Passover holidays occurred in the first quarter, whereas last year in 2012, they both fell in the second quarter. So note that the Easter holiday had a more pronounced effect in certain international markets, resulting in 1 less selling day because Good Friday is a national holiday with businesses generally closed in Canada and many European countries. Third, our Dental equipment sales growth was negatively impacted in both the U.S. and internationally by 2 separate factors. We experienced an acceleration of U.S. Dental equipment sales in the fourth quarter of 2012 from the first quarter of 2013, due primarily to customers taking advantage of Section 179 tax benefits and the possible increased cost impact related to the medical device excise tax. Internationally, the IDS trade show, which occurred in the late -- in late in first quarter of 2013, resulted in lower European Dental equipment sales in the first quarter as practitioners generally delay purchases in anticipation of the show. Finally, in 2013, New Year's Day fell on a Tuesday, while in 2012, it was a Sunday, and this basically means that there were more selling days that were impacted in 2013. So with that as a backdrop, let me now turn to our financial performance. Our net sales for the quarter ended March 30, 2013, were $2.3 billion, reflecting a 9.3% increase compared with the first quarter of 2012. This consisted of 9.2% growth in local currencies, a 0.1% gain related to foreign currency. And in local currencies, the internally generated sales growth was 3.3%, with acquisition growth contributing 5.9%. You can see the details of our sales growth that's contained in Exhibit A of our earnings news release. Our operating margin for the quarter -- first quarter of 2013 was 6.7%, and it declined 22 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2012 and that excludes restructuring costs in the prior year. However, if you exclude the current year impact of acquisitions, our Q1 operating margin actually expanded by approximately 10 basis points. That was driven by operating expenses as a percentage of sales, which improved by 66 basis points as we continue to control and leverage our expense structure. If you look at the operating expense improvement, it was offset by a decline of gross margin of 88 basis points, and that was due primarily to 3 factors. First, we experienced greater internal sales growth in the Animal Health business, which has lower margin. Second, we had 2 Animal Health acquisitions, C&M Vetlink and AUV Veterinary Services, internationally, that also carry lower gross margins, and that accounted for about $77.6 million of sales for the quarter. And third, we had some sales product mix across all of our business groups. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.9%, which is in line with our guidance and down from the 32.3% in the first quarter of 2012. We expect our effective tax rate to remain in the 31% range for the rest of the year. As we've discussed on last quarter's conference call, we refinanced the debt related to the Butler Animal Health transaction during Q1, and as part of that refinancing, we incurred a onetime non-cash charge related to deferred financing costs of $6.2 million on a pretax basis or $0.03 per diluted share, which is net of the noncontrolling interest of Butler Animal Health. Net income attributable to Henry Schein for the first quarter of 2013 was $91.5 million or $1.03 per diluted share. However, excluding the expenses related to the debt refinancing, our net income attributable to Henry Schein for the quarter was $94.2 million or $1.06 per diluted share, and this represents an increase of 5.7% and 8.2%, respectively, compared to the first quarter of 2012 excluding restructuring costs. I'll note that foreign currency exchange did not have any material impact on EPS for the quarter versus last year. Now I'd like to provide some detail on our sales results for the quarter. Our Global Dental sales for the first quarter of 2013 increased by 3% to $1.2 billion. It was primarily local currency growth of 2.9% and 0.1% gain related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, internally generated sales declined slightly by 0.3% and acquisition growth contributed 3.2% to our sales growth. If we look at that 0.3% decline in internal growth in local currencies, it is comprised of 1.1% growth in North America and a decline of 2.4% internationally. I'll discuss some detail behind each of those figures. The 1.1% growth in North America included 1.3% growth in sales of Dental consumable merchandise and 0.2% growth in Dental equipment sales and service revenue. Our North American Dental growth was impacted by the items I said earlier: a tough comparison, timing of certain holidays and strong Dental equipment sales in Q4 of 2012 due to the tax opportunities I also mentioned earlier. The 2.4% decline in International Dental sales included a 1.7% decline in Dental consumable merchandise and a 4.3% decline in Dental equipment sales and service revenues. The declines in International Dental, both merchandise and equipment, reflect really a cautious spending environment in much of Europe and Australia and 1 less selling day, which is important to note in many European markets, again due to the Easter holiday. Also, equipment was negatively impacted by the IDS trade show. If we look at our Global Animal Health sales, they were $639.1 million for the first quarter, which is an increase of 21.6%. This included 21.7% in local currencies and a 0.1% decline related to foreign currency. That internally generated sales growth was 6.8% in local currencies, and acquisition growth was 14.9%. When we look at the components of the 6.8% internal growth in local currencies, our North American business grew by 14.9%, and we had a small decline of 1.5% internationally. The growth in our North American business was again primarily driven by both market share gains and strong sales in parasiticides. Our International Animal Health growth was impacted again by the timing of certain holidays, including 1 less selling day that I mentioned earlier. We believe we continue to gain market share in this business unit, and this marks our fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth in this business. Our Global Medical sales were $388.9 million for the first quarter, which is an increase of 9.6%. This included 9.5% growth in local currencies and again a 0.1% gain in foreign currency. In local currencies, our internally generated sales was 8.3% and acquisition growth was 1.2%. The components of that 8.3% internal growth include 9% growth in North America and a decline of 3.3% in international. We believe we continue to gain market share in the North American segment of this business unit, and again, that accounts for about 90% of our Medical total. And overall, our Medical internal sales growth was the highest that we have experienced in nearly 2 years. So very strong results there. Global Technology and Value-Added Service sales was $74.7 million in the first quarter, which was an increase of 18.7%. This included 18.9% growth in local currencies, a 0.2% decline related to foreign currency. And the internally generated sales growth was 11.7%, with acquisitions contributing an additional 7.2%. The components of the 11.7% growth in local currencies were 11.4% growth in North America and 14.3% internationally, with particular strength in both technology and financial services recurring revenue, as well as strong overall software sales. We continued to repurchase common stock in the open market during the first quarter. Specifically, we repurchased about 840,000 shares during the quarter at an average price of $87.50 per share or approximately $73.5 million of cash. The impact of this buyback on the first quarter was not material. At the close of the quarter, we had approximately $227 million authorized for future repurchases of common stock for the balance of the year. If we take a look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow, our operating cash flow for the quarter was negative $38 million. That compares to negative $48.6 million last year. Typically, our first quarter does represent negative cash flow because of certain timing of payments, but we continue to believe we'll have a strong operating cash flow for the year. Looking at accounts receivable days sales outstanding, they were 40.7 days for the quarter. That compares to 40.1 last year. Inventory turns for 2013 first quarter was 5.6 turns, and that compares to 6.2 turns last year. And that's primarily because we continue to work down the inventory forward buying that occurred in Q3 and Q4 of 2012. Also, a few weeks ago, we announced a new loan agreement of up to $300 million based on the securitization of our accounts receivable. It's important to note that this facility represents the permanent financing that we have now put in place for the previously repaid Butler Schein Animal Health debt. Let me conclude my remarks by reaffirming our 2013 financial guidance as follows. For 2013, we expect diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein to be $4.81 to $4.91, and that represents a growth of 8% to 11% compared to 2012 results. The 2013 guidance does exclude the onetime non-cash charge related to the deferred financing cost of Butler Schein of $0.03 per share and, as always, our 2013 guidance is for continuing operations, as well as completed or previously announced acquisitions, but not any potentially new acquisitions. So with that, I'd like to now turn the call back over to Stan.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Steven. So Henry Schein has a robust global footprint that serves the dental, animal health and medical office practitioners. Because of our scale and our reach, as well as our strategic opportunistic acquisitions, we are able to post continued gains as measured by a number of financial metrics. Strong performance among certain customer types, geographies and new product lines helps to offset challenges in other parts of our company. Our first quarter results serve as a prime example of the value of our diversified business model and related portfolio. While we have provided detailed insight into sales performance during the first quarter, keep in mind that every quarter has factors that cause growth to fluctuate. Having said that, the first quarter came in where we expected to perform from an earnings per share perspective, and that's from a company-wide overall consolidated perspective. Let me now provide some specific observations on each of our business units. So on the dental side. Last quarter, there were 2 significant dental trade shows that served to affirm that we have -- what we have been experiencing in terms of dental sentiment and the demand for various product categories in the United States and Canada and European markets. The U.S. dental market has been characterized by consistent patient traffic and fairly stable procedure mix. Our view of the market was echoed at the Chicago Midwinter Meeting in February, where there was a particular interest in our cloud-based Practice Management system, Dentrix Ascend, which we unveiled. The beta version of this new product was introduced actually at the meeting, and we began taking some orders. About a month after the Chicago Midwinter Meeting, the biennial IDS meeting took place in Cologne, Germany over a 5-day period of time. IDS is a very large trade show, the largest, actually, dental trade show in the world, with a strong European representation that is well known as a forum for introducing new products. Sales are particularly focused, by the way, on the German dentist, the Austrian dentist and some dentists from, perhaps, the Netherlands and nearby locations, but it's primarily a German marketplace from an order-taking point of view. At the show, we introduced the new Easy Dental implant by Camlog. The product is now available in Germany. This is the first implant system designed for easy use with CAD/CAM in that scanned abutments can be packaged with each case, so clinicians have a preplanned digital workflow for developing custom abutments. Of course, there are other systems similar available, but not by one of the larger companies, and in Germany, in particular, Camlog is in a most leading position in the implant environment. And so, I think we yet again, for this market, introduced significant change to the dental community. Overall, we had a successful IDS and are happy with the results of the show. Yet looking beyond IDS, the European dental market continues to be characterized by stable market conditions in certain countries, specifically Germany, and considerable uncertainty in other countries, with Italy leading the pack. More on that -- on the dental market in response to Q&A which investors may have. So now let's turn to the Global Animal Health business, where we are in the process of rebranding Butler Schein Animal Health to become Henry Schein Animal Health. This process will take place throughout 2013 and links the branding of our U.S. operations more closely with our market-leading Animal Health business throughout Europe and Australasia. In fact, we are the only global animal health distribution business in the animal health space. Also, as Steven mentioned, we refinanced the $220 million in debt we took on at the Butler Animal Health joint venture stage, which was formed back in December of 2009. We've done particularly well in that joint venture. And our Domestic Animal Health business is doing very, very well, as we combined 3 brands to create what is today in our view the most successful animal health distribution company in North America, as evidenced by 5 consecutive quarters of double-digit internal growth specifically related to the companion animal arena and, of course, a continued market share growth as well. Our International Animal Health business, bolstered by acquisition growth, continued to gain share with growth in local currency of nearly 29%. But internal growth declined slightly, primarily due to macroeconomic factors, as well as 1 less selling day in most of the countries. Also more on that later if people have questions. So now let me turn to the Global Medical group, where we are pleased that internal growth in North America represented the highest growth rate in nearly 2 years, as we made further gains in domestic market share. We experienced particularly strong sales growth in the IDN world, integrated delivery network world; urgent care settings; and ambulatory surgery centers, as our upmarket strategy, which we began implementing almost a half a dozen years ago, continues to gain traction. And what I'm referring to now is our core business. Let's take a little bit of a look at the impact of influenza this year. The past influenza season ran long in the U.S. and peaked late. And we sold approximately 311,000 doses of influenza vaccine during the first quarter, representing sales of about $5.3 million. We also improved sales of diagnostic and testing products. So now let me conclude my overall remarks with a view on our exciting Global Technology and Value-Added Services groups. Sales growth was strong both in North America and internationally, and what is important here is that this group is making very good strides expanding from our strong footprint here in the United States. Of course, particular strength in the recurring revenue streams for technology and financial services based on what was pretty good software unit sales as well. The business is well positioned strategically to service, in particular in the U.S., the entry-level practice, software practice, the mid-range and, of course, the large enterprise systems, including dental schools. And we're experiencing similar growth patterns in the animal health arena here and are very pleased with our progress on the international side with respect to software and also our nascent but growing financial services business abroad. So before we take questions, I'd like to share 2 recognitions we recently received. First, the leading international think tank Ethisphere Institute named Henry Schein to its 2013 World's Most Ethical Companies ranking for exemplary ethical leadership, worldwide business standards and commitment to corporate social responsibility. We have now been listed on this ranking for the past 2 years running. In addition, Fortune Magazine included Henry Schein in its 2013 list of the World's Most Admired Companies. We have been on this prestigious list for the 12th consecutive year since we qualified for the Fortune Magazine ranking. This year we earned first place ranking within our industry in 5 categories and took second place in the remaining 4 categories. So there's a lot that's happening here at Henry Schein. I think we've just covered the surface, and we'd be happy to provide more information in response to questions. So, operator, we're ready to take those questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I'm just trying to peel back the onion here a little bit in the Dental business. Steve, you called out some of the specifics around the equipment shift, the Easter shift, the 1 less selling day, and I'm just kind of curious if you kind of take out all those individual pieces, could you maybe give us your assessment of kind of where you think the general market is trending, both in terms of volumes, as well as I'm sure there was some price inflation that maybe ultimately aided that group? And Stan, if I heard you correctly, I think you were seemingly suggesting that the dentist office traffic is somewhat stable, so I'm really just trying to get maybe a little bit of a better sense of the organic trends pulling out all the pieces if possible.
Stanley M. Bergman: Okay, Steven will give you -- translate what I'm about to say into math. But generally, we feel that in North America, in the U.S. in particular, visits to dentists are kind of stable. We're talking about shifts of basis points, so we may find 1 month a little bit up, 1 month a little down, but I think we have to be cautious in assessing this year's volume compared to last because the weather last year was exceptionally good, and this year, we had some regional challenges. So if you take that out, you'd have to make a subjective guess. And from where we're sitting, we think that overall, it looks like the market is relatively stable. And now Steven can translate that into math because, of course, we review this quite intensely.
Steven Paladino: So as Stanley said, we did a fair amount of analytics on the impact of those 4 items I discussed at the beginning of the conference call. And so first, let me state, there is a little bit of judgment in determining what the impact is, but we feel very confident that it negatively impacted our sales growth by as much as 2 percentage points on a worldwide basis and slightly more than that on a dental basis because we do believe that some of those items are exclusively dental-related, the strong Q4, 22% sales growth in equipment, things like that. So we do believe that it was approximately 2 percentage points to our internal sales growth, Glen.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Maybe if I can just follow up on one question on the debt business -- the Animal Health business. I think by your own measure, you would suggest that the market is probably growing mid-single digits, somewhere in the 4% to 5% range. But yet, Stan, you guys continue to post results that are more than double that market growth, and I think, Steve, if I sort of heard you correctly, I think you seemed to suggest that it was some market share gains in maybe parasiticides, if I heard you correctly. I'm wondering if you could just elaborate a little bit. And I'm kind of curious, were there any sort of mix in the sales going from agency to traditional sales, any sort of onetime things that you think are kind of worth calling out, or is that really, I guess, good organic number for us to be thinking about?
Stanley M. Bergman: First of all, I think we've covered this several times on these calls. One has to be careful. We are -- with the mix between large animal and companion animal. Yes, we a little bit are in the large animal business, but that's an area we don't really focus on. And so when looking at us compared to general data available in the marketplace, please remember we are focused on the companion animal area with some equine in there. And the large animal had some changes in distribution over the past year or so as competitors left the market. And so take that into account when comparing us to others, number one. Number two, there is -- there was a significant switch to -- in the agency billing relationship, where sales moved from GAAP fully booked sales -- moved to fully booked sales from agency sales. So if you take that into account -- and again, it's very hard to get this perfect -- we believe that our growth, our normalized growth, was about 9%, and we believe that the market is growing somewhere around 4% to 5%, and of course, it's very difficult to get this precise, but we think we're growing at about 2x the market growth, and we believe we are really gaining market share very nicely. Now I don't believe we're going to necessarily continue to grow internally at 9%, but we believe that the market is growing 4% to 5%, and we very much believe that we will continue to gain market share. And by the way, I can make that statement on market share growth with respect to all of our businesses, which I think are well positioned to continue to gain market share. So I think you have to be a little cautious here. The data is not very good, but I think that we are growing at about twice the market and feel very comfortable in sustaining well over market share -- growth rates well ahead of the market at least for the foreseeable future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to actually dive into the medical business a bit. The growth there was really much better than we would have thought, and I was hoping you could maybe spend some time discussing what's going on in the segment and in particular North America, maybe specifically on the share gains you saw and whether or not that was related to recent consolidation in that space. And then I guess just broadly if you could maybe characterize the utilization that you're seeing at the physician office level that'd be helpful.
Stanley M. Bergman: Sure. So I think you're correctly asking us to focus on the United States because our international medical business is not material relative to the size of Henry Schein at all. So again, this has been covered several times in conference calls, but I'll do it again because I'm sure there are a lot of new shareholders on this call. About half a dozen years ago, we undertook a study to figure out -- to try to figure out internally which way the markets would be heading from a Henry Schein point of view with respect to delivery of health care. We actually -- we undertook 2 studies. One is the methodology for delivery of health care and the second is which areas of the office space practitioner, which specialty areas we should focus in on. And I think the conclusions we reached have paid off very nicely for Henry Schein. We concluded on the delivery side that the concept of multiple locations under common management. The industrialization, if you will, of the office-based practitioner would be something that would be accelerating. It's already started a half dozen years ago, unrelated to the Affordable Act, but related to the way providers were being reimbursed by insurance companies and the like. So economies of scale, economies of competency were important already a half dozen years ago. So we established a group that focused on what we internally call upstream sales. These are these larger enterprises and they're all just a little bit different. Many are outgrowths of IDNs or part of IDNs. Many are large group practices, multi-specialty, single specialty. Many are spread out over large geographies and we have established our health care services group to focus on sales in this area. And we believe that we have very good tools, both systems and computer systems and systems around the computer with the right kind of management and team members to focus on the needs of these newer entities. And we believe that this is growingly being recognized in this marketplace. As it relates to the competition, quite frankly, we are focused on our internal business and we are focused on taking market share and not focused on any one specific distributor. Having said that, I think we are ideally positioned to handle these larger enterprises and one should be careful with where the large volume of business is today, which is primarily the smaller practices and that is migrating to the larger practices. So one has to be careful when assessing who the players are as to determining who is better positioned to go after these larger enterprises. That's number one. And number two is, and we'll go into this in more detail if you want, we are focused on certain specialty areas which we believe we are best suited to service, and these specialty areas have characteristics similar to our dental and Animal Health business.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful, Stanley. Just -- and I guess just on utilization, in medical, was the other piece of the question, how would you characterize overall utilization that you're seeing within the physician?
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, certainly, the first quarter had significant increase in utilization due to the flu and also due to good weather. But quite frankly, yes, utilization is important to us, but what's more important to us is gaining market share in a rapidly changing market, where we believe, really, we have unique supply chain and system capabilities to help these newer entities manage the cost of supplies used by physicians. We're very excited about this business. Of course we're still investing, but the investments we've made over the last half dozen years have paid off very, very handsomely.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's great. And then, Steven, if I could sneak one in, just you mentioned the tax rate being higher. Maybe a little bit more specifics on what drove the higher tax rate? And then are we still thinking about 30% to 31% for the full year?
Steven Paladino: Yes, the tax rate was actually lower than last year, and we are thinking that somewhere plus or minus 31% effective tax rate for the balance of the year is in line -- it's down a little bit on a year-over-year basis, but again that's because of certain tax planning initiatives that were put in place. So really not a major change there, but slightly down over the prior year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny with ISI Group.
Michael Cherny - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So I wanted to talk a little bit about M&A. You had a great contribution this quarter particularly from the deals you've done in the veterinary side. It seems like recently some of the more large deals have skewed in that front. As you think, particularly heading into 2014, I know, Stan, you talked a lot about your growth in specific specialty areas. Is there any thought to augment your M&A strategy based on where you see the market going, particularly related to the U.S.-driven demand and trying to help, I guess, some of your clients as they deal with the new realities of health care reform, both on the dental and medical side?
Stanley M. Bergman: So -- good question. Our pipeline for M&A remains quite full. Of course, I could've made that statement each year over the last 17 years. We focused on a careful balance between internal growth and acquisition growth. Can't tell you if and when any deals will close. But in all 3 of our verticals, we are focused on important strategic acquisitions, not necessarily large in size, some are in size, but most importantly on ways in which we can augment either our geographical presence or our product offering presence. As it relates to the change in delivery of health care, on the dental side, I think we have been very well positioned to service the dental management -- the DMOs, the dental management organizations. For -- I think we started our group in that area 17 years or 18 years ago -- this was before we went public -- and have done very well in servicing these large groups. Now there's always competition, of course, but I think our systems, with huge investment and our know-how in this group is quite extensive so I don't think any acquisition will impact us there. As it relates to the medical world, yes, there are ways in which we can expand our footprint, but the investment that we've made in the systems required by these newer enterprises, investments in terms of software and people is what's going to drive the growth over there. Of course, there's always opportunity over there to add some more tonnage through our structure, and that is -- of course, it pays off in terms of driving more volume through a relatively fixed-cost infrastructure. But I think we're well positioned. We will continue to make additions to expand our geography and product offerings as we did in the diagnostic arena in the last couple of years, but actually, nothing that we need to do to address the needs of the changing delivery network system.
Michael Cherny - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great and then just one question on IDS. So you mentioned the impact it had relating to equipment purchasing in the international market in the quarter. Obviously, a very, very busy show; your booth was packed to the gills. Can you maybe compare the interest that you saw out of IDS and some of your tools from the ones from your partners over there versus previous IDS shows, what that means in terms of how quickly you expect that to convert over to potential orders?
Stanley M. Bergman: I think we can expect very similar patterns to the patterns we expected 2 years ago. Our backlog in Germany is quite reasonable and we expect to execute on that in the third and fourth quarter. As it relates to the competition, gosh, I don't know specifically whether they had good shows or not, but I think we got our fair share of business. I think our philosophy of focusing on high tech both in terms of scanners for the X-ray market and in the CAD/CAM area, both in the dentist office and in the lab office, is paying off, and I think that IDS helps give us credibility in that area. The whole area of changes in the dynamics in dentistry through digitalization is a very exciting area. I think we advanced nicely at the Chicago Midwinter show and IDS. We expect to gain very nicely in the fall shows in the U.S. So I think that IDS was very helpful to us from a sales point of view and of course, from a branding point of view.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with UBS.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: On dental, you mentioned you did a lot of careful studying of those various factors that impacted the results. And I don't want to get too granular in all that stuff. And really, I'm just trying to figure out, if you think about those in terms of size and magnitude of the impact, which of the -- I guess, which single factor had the biggest revenue and earnings impact on the overall income statement in the quarter? This is, again, on dental in particular. I mean I'm guessing it was the IDS timing, but if it was one of the other factors like either the pull-forward of sales into the fourth quarter or the timing of the holidays, I'd be curious to hear that, but if there's one that stood out as the biggest impact, I would be curious to kind of hear more about that.
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, you have to break it down into equipment, consumables and geography. And I think you pointed the impacts correctly. If you take equipment in North America, we had a 22% growth, internal growth, in the fourth quarter of last year. We've cautioned everybody on our call, 22% growth in equipment in North America, it's just not sustainable. So it was obvious that we pulled sales from the first quarter, maybe even from the second quarter, into the fourth quarter, primarily related to the 2 tax issues that people thought would change. I will say that low-cost financing -- not that we have anything special, but the interest rates are pretty low right now is good for the equipment environment in general. But I would say that on the -- in the North America side, the equipment change was significant. Also on the consumables side, yes, in North America, the weather was very good and the Easter days, I think, are something that needs to be taken into account and that's important. As it relates to Europe, I would have to say IDS had the biggest impact on German equipment sales, but also, I would have to point out to the fact that the economy in Italy, we pointed this out last call, is deteriorating and we did experience some deterioration in a couple of other markets in Europe, a little bit in Australia. But overall, those are the big trends, I would say.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. But it sounds like just given the size of North American Dental versus international, that maybe the -- that pull-forward is maybe one of the bigger, if not the biggest factor on the equipment, it sounds like. So...
Stanley M. Bergman: I would say, yes, it had to -- I mean, I think everyone knows the dental market for equipment in North America is growing somewhere in the single digits, high-single digits, mid-single digits depending on which part of the market you're in. So 22% growth, 3.5x or 3x the market growth is not something sustainable.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And are you going to stick with your policy of not really commenting on the current quarter for any improvement now that we're kind of mid-May?
Stanley M. Bergman: I will leave that up to Steven, who's the best [indiscernible].
Steven Paladino: So I don't want to give specifics. We do have an overall stronger equipment backlog on a worldwide basis, so that really lends itself to the IDS comments, which really is weighted towards international. We do think just on your earlier question, Steve, on the consumables, the biggest factor was the timing of holidays, Easter, Passover, Good Friday. All of those holidays negatively impacted Q1 and for the most part, reversed in Q2. But I just need to point out because if you look at all of our business units, dental, medical and Animal Health, all had slight declines in the international markets. And there are certain macroeconomic factors in Europe that are continuing to have an impact in our markets. We think we're doing better than the market, but it really means -- doing better is down less than what the markets are on an average basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Block from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Maybe just a first one on dental market share. And if I could push you a little bit there, I think you alluded to the -- that you believe you continue to take share here in the U.S. We've done some work which shows that the regionals or locals might be a little bit more sticky in terms of share than they've been in the past. And Stanley, maybe you could talk to how the environment was when you and Patterson were 50% in the market versus 60% or 70% today? And the share that you're taking, is it easier? Is it more difficult? What resides with the local guys, is that more loyal as we're in a price-sensitive environment?
Stanley M. Bergman: I think the local players -- I mean generally, it is 1 or 2 that are particularly strong, but if you x those out, I think they are, in fact, losing market share as a group. And it's very difficult to comment on a specific quarter. I think one should be very careful with that. But overall, the big movements in the markets on the equipment side relate to technology, and I think the smaller companies just don't have the breadth of technological products, whether it's software, whether it's CAD/CAM, sensors, the 3D opportunities and more importantly, connecting them all together. So I think they have a challenge. I'm not going to say that they cannot service individual products and undercut us on price, but I don't think price has ever been the big issue in the U.S. dental market. We keep a very careful eye on those dentists that view price as important. And periodically, there are items such as gloves -- the glove category is going through some price compression now. But -- and we have promotions in certain markets in the different brands to compete in that area. But I would not say that, that's really the biggest challenge. So I don't think the smaller distributors really have an opportunity to compete effectively in the technological race that is going to become even more important as we move from manual impressions to fully digitalized chairside or laboratory impressions and the whole prosthetics arena tying into implants. I just don't think that, that's going to be where the race is going to be won, and I think that the luster of the smaller distributors as a group has been tarnished over the last decade or so.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Perfect, very helpful. And just a follow-up, if you can just talk to the North American consumable number of, I think, you said, Steve, 1.3% was very similar to the 0.9% in the fourth quarter. I know there's a bunch of moving parts, but didn't you tack on another 1% or 2% on price from the med device tax? So when you talk to a stable environment, is it just you've got to factor that in but then also take out 1 to 2 less selling days? Can you clarify that? And lastly, just on the cash flow, it looks like stock comp came down for the second consecutive quarter. So is that just at a lower run rate when we look forward?
Steven Paladino: Okay. So on your first question, the patient traffic and the comment on stable U.S. dental market is really after you exclude the less selling days and the timing of the holidays because obviously, if you have less selling days that's going to impact. But when you normalize for that, we think the market is stable. And again, if as much as 2 percentage points growth was impacted by these timing differences, it really shows, I think, that those price increases, related to medical device excise tax, are for the most part being passed through by all of the players. With respect to stock comp, stock comp was down a bit the last couple of quarters. There is a little bit of ebbs and flows there because the way our comp program works, it's based on financial results. So if financial results come in higher, the comp goes up a little bit. They come in lower, it goes down a little bit. But I do think it's really going to be at these similar levels going forward, maybe it'll tick up a little bit during the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Steve, I was wondering if I could follow up on your last answer there just on the pricing side. There's been a little confusion out there, I think, over the last few weeks since you guys did some marketing meetings on whether or not price increases being passed through from the manufacturers are sticking. Everything I've heard is that they have been, but I think some investors may have heard that they weren't sticking. Just want to make sure we're on the same page here that for the most part, I think you said, those price increases are sticking or -- and would you quantify them, kind of as you roll everything together, around 100 basis points positive or so or how would you think about that?
Steven Paladino: Well, so, first, let me just provide a little detail because price increases that we get from our suppliers, there is no separate price increase for medical device excise tax. So if a manufacturer increases their prices 3%, you don't know how much of it is normal price increases for raw materials and other reasons or medical device excise tax. But the analysis that we did at the end of the year and beginning of Q1 was that the price increases on average were greater than prior years and were more broad-based. So we saw more suppliers having higher price increases than in prior years. So that's why we believe that for the most part, and it's a generalization, that those price increases have been sticking. From our perspective, while we always discount a certain amount off of our published pricing, really, there was not any major change in our discount level versus our published pricing. So that's what leads us to believe that the pass-through was, generally speaking, continuing on medical device excise tax.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: All right. That's helpful. And then, Stanley, I'd love to get your opinion. I know we've discussed this in the past, but you've been selling E4D here for a number of years. You recently added the 3M product and maybe some others down the road on the in-office CAD/CAM side. Just would be interested to hear again kind of your updated thoughts on where you think that in-office CAD/CAM market goes over the next year or 2, especially in North America. Do we see price points come down aggressively? Do dentists start looking at the lower-priced systems? Do they stay buying the higher-priced systems? Is there a pause in the market as they evaluate? Just how do you see it playing out?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, Jeff. What I think you can safely bet on is that the market is going to have a lot of players. There are 3 major component parts to CAD/CAM. One is the scanner, one is the software and the third one is the mill. On the software, one of our people counted about 200 systems at IDS. Obviously, they're not all going to make it, but there's a lot of new systems -- a lot of new scanners that are going to come out and they will be brought to market in different ways. Sold through distribution like us, handed free of charge by laboratories to customers, and included in a full CAD/CAM system, chairside system that may be sold by 1 or 2 or perhaps now 3 -- or 4, actually, manufacturers. So there's a lot of changes in that side. There will be fewer software companies and lots of milling units that will be available in the marketplace. And how this will all play out we don't know, but what we do know is dentistry is moving rapidly in this direction and there will be greater use of scanned prosthetic capturing devices leading to significant changes in the laboratory environment, where products will be milled digitally rather than only manually. And there will be a lot of activity going on in the office as well. At Henry Schein, we are committed to what we call an open architecture. So we are committed to working with best-in-practice and software and hardware, and our goal is to come up with the best solution, integrated solution, for the scanner, the software and the mill, all tying out to an open architecture with materials and, of course, implants and related activities that are revolving around the implant from a prosthetic point of view. Very exciting. We have many, many definite initiatives going on at Henry Schein, all related to our global prosthetics initiative, and we believe we will continue to grow our business in this area, and a greater amount of our sales will be related to this newer technology on the dental side and in the dental lab arena.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Stan, are you by chance seeing any signs of increased seasonality of demand in the U.S. dental market? We're certainly seeing that in broader health care. Curious if you're seeing any of that spill into dental.
Stanley M. Bergman: When you say seasonal, you mean related to the...
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: The resetting of health insurance deductibles. So people tend to go to their providers in the fourth quarter and then not so much in the first quarter.
Stanley M. Bergman: It's possible that there is some of that. I've heard a little bit about that from some of the people in organized dentistry. But I don't believe there's any formal data available. I do believe that some larger companies and maybe midsized companies, change their whole medical insurance programs to limit any exposure that might kick in, in 2014 or allow for greater flexibility and therefore, in that context, may have changed elements of dental. So that may have had some impact on visits to dentists in the fourth quarter versus the first, but there's no hard data that I've seen.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Great. And then just one last one, can you give us an update on how your various specialty businesses are doing in dental compared to the general restorative lines?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. Of course, the biggest part of our business is in the implant arena, and the biggest part of our implant business is the Camlog business in Germany, which did quite well, actually, in the first quarter. We took market share, and we actually grew quite nicely in that marketplace. And so I would say on the implant side, a big part of our business, at least from a sales point of view is in Europe and Germany, and we did quite well. I think on the endodontic side, we also are stable to growing depending on which market, and on the orthodontic side, it's not material to Henry Schein at all. Okay. I think we're being told by Carolynne that we should end our call. Thank you for your interest. Again, I think you can tell by the tone from Steven and myself that we are quite optimistic about our strategies and the state of the business. I think we'll continue to make progress in each of our 3 verticals: dental, medical, Animal Health, as well as in our Practice Solutions, Value-Added Services and financial services group. So I think the strategies are there and we're making good progress. I think we have invested very nicely in those businesses and particularly in management and in the team, and the morale in the company is very high. And I think overall, that's reflective in the good performance. Steven reiterated and so did I guidance for the full year, so at this point in time, we still remain quite confident that we will deliver on the guidance range. The markets are solid with some challenges in the international arena, but I think we will continue to grow market share even in those markets. So thank you very much for your interest today. If you have any further questions, please contact Steven or Carolynne at (631) 843-5500, Carolynne Borders or Steve Paladino, and they can put you through to either one of them. So thank you very much, and look forward to speaking with you in 90 days.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-13 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Carolynne Borders - Vice President of Investor Relations Stanley M. Bergman - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Executive Director Susan Vassallo - Vice President of Corporate Communications
Analysts: Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Michael Cherny - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Fourth Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Carolynne Borders, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Carolynne.
Carolynne Borders: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's fourth quarter results. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The contents of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, February 13, 2013. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. [Operator Instructions] With that, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman: Good morning, and thank you, Carolynne. Our fourth quarter financial results were highlighted by strong profitability with growth in diluted earnings per share of approximately 10%. We also are very pleased to be affirming guidance for 2013 that represents earnings per share growth of somewhere between 8% and 11%, in that range, compared with our 2012 results and, of course, excluding restructuring costs. Once again, we believe we've gained market share during the quarter in each of our business groups, driven by strong domestic results across the board and despite some challenges in certain overseas markets. Looking at our financial results for the year, there are a number of highlights worth noting upfront. So sales in 2012 increased 4.8% to just shy of $9 billion, while internal sales in local currencies were up 5.1% on a comparable basis. So 5.1% is at least twice the market growth rate in the markets that we serve. Diluted earnings per share increased nearly 12% to $4.44, excluding the new restructuring costs, so on an apples-to-apples basis. I'd like to point out that earnings per share for the year was $0.10 above the top of the guidance range we originally established back in November of 2011. So clearly, 2012 was an excellent year for Henry Schein and for Team Schein indeed. We also completed a number of strategic acquisitions during 2012 involving each of our 4 global business groups. As well, we are particularly proud of the fact that Henry Schein now serves more than 1 million dental, medical and animal health practitioners around the world. That is a significantly greater number than any other company in our space. I'll speak in greater detail about our fourth quarter and full year accomplishments in a moment. Suffice to say is we are very, very pleased with our performance and we feel very comfortable with where the company is heading. In fact, very excited with the direction. Our strategic plan that we started with for the period January 1, 2012, and ends December 31, 2014, is well under way. Both from an organizational point of view, we are aligned to support the strategic plan goals and also from an operational point of view, we have made significant progress in 2012 advancing the strategic plan. So very, very excited with where we're heading, very comfortable with the direction and with the team. And so Steven, perhaps give us some specifics on the financial side, and then I'll return on later with some more color on the business units.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stan, and good morning to all. I'm also very pleased to be reporting strong financial results and sales growth for the fourth quarter of 2012. Let me point out that the fourth quarter of last year, 2011, included 1 additional selling week compared with the fourth quarter of the current year. This occurs for Henry Schein once every 6 years, given that we are on a 52/53 weeks fiscal year end, and the year end is the last Saturday of December each year. We previously discussed this impact as it related to our 2011 growth versus 2010 on last year's Q4 call. So we have estimated the impact of the extra week on sales and in order to provide a more meaningful analysis, I will be thus discussing our internal sales growth in local currencies and adjusting for the impact of the extra week in last year's fourth quarter. So turning to our financial performance. Net sales for the quarter ended December 29, 2012, were $2.4 billion, reflecting a 2.9% increase compared with the fourth quarter of 2011. This consisted of internal growth in local currencies of 6.0%, acquisition growth of 5.0% and decreases related to foreign currency exchange and the extra week impact of 0.6% and 7.5%, respectively. Our sales of seasonal influenza vaccines did not have a material impact on our sales growth for the fourth quarter. Please note that we have provided the details of our sales growth in Exhibit A of our earnings news release that was issued earlier this morning. Our operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2012 was 7.5% and increased 55 basis points compared with the fourth quarter of 2011. If we exclude the impact of current year acquisitions, our Q4 operating margin expanded by a greater amount, by 78 basis points, and that was driven by strong domestic sales growth. Our operating expenses as a percentage of sales improved by 89 basis points as we continued to control and leverage our expense structure. The operating expense improvement was offset by a small decline in gross margin of 34 basis points and that was due primarily to higher sales growth in our Animal Health business, that's lower margin, as well as some product mix changes across all of our business groups. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.6%, which is in line with our previous guidance and down slightly from the 30.9% in the fourth quarter of 2011. For 2013, we estimate that our effective tax rate will be in the 30% to 31% range for the year. Net income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. for the fourth quarter of 2012 was $112.5 million or $1.26 per diluted share. This represented an increase of 7.4% and 9.6%, respectively, compared with the fourth quarter of 2011. Also, please note that foreign currency exchange had a negative impact on EPS for the quarter, and that negative impact was approximately $0.01 per year versus the prior year's quarter. If we take a look at our financial performance for the year, in addition to the items that Stanley just highlighted, we are pleased to have achieved an increase in operating income of nearly 9%, an expansion of our operating margin of 27 basis points, which excludes restructuring costs, and 41 basis points on a full year basis, also excluding the impact of acquisitions during 2012, the first year acquisition. This margin expansion is in line with our stated corporate goals. I'd also like to point out, we achieved our stated goal of operating cash flow for the year in excess of bottom line net income and that was despite approximately $150 million of forward inventory buy-ins that we did during -- end of Q3 and beginning of Q4, which was in advance of potential price increases related to the medical device excise tax, which became effective on January 1. So now I'd like to provide some detail on our sales results for the fourth quarter. Our Global Dental sales for the fourth quarter were -- showed a decline of 2.4% to $1.3 billion. The components are internal growth in local currencies, an increase of 3.6%; acquisition growth, 2.6%; offset by decreases related to foreign currency exchange; and the extra week impact of 0.9% and 7.7%, respectively. Our overall dental sales growth in local currencies continued to exceed our estimates for what the market growth was. The 3.6% internal sales growth in local currencies in our Global Dental business is comprised of 7% growth in North America and a decline of 1.5% in the international markets. Let me now discuss some detail behind both of those figures. The 7% North American growth included 0.9% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise products and 21.9% growth in dental equipment sales and service revenue. Our equipment growth in the North American Dental market continued to be very broad-based and have particular strength in sales of both traditional equipment and CAD/CAM products. The 1.5% decline in our International Dental markets included growth of 2.2% in consumable merchandise and a 9.2% decline in dental equipment sales and service revenues. The decline in equipment sales in our international markets reflected economic challenges in some markets in Europe, as well as Australia. We also believe that equipment sales were negatively impacted in Germany because of the timing of the IDS trade show in Cologne, which is at the end of Q1. Our Global Animal Health sales were $611.2 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of 16.1%, and this included internal growth in local currencies of 10.6%, acquisition growth of 13.7% and decreases related to foreign exchange and the extra week impact of 0.3% and 7.9%, respectively. This 10.6% internal growth in local currencies included 18.4% growth in the North American market and 3.1% growth in our international markets. The North America growth was primarily driven by sales of parasiticides, as well as certain vaccines. Again, we believe we continue to gain market share in the Global Animal Health business unit. Our Global Medical sales were $402.4 million in the fourth quarter, which was an increase of 1.1%. This consisted of internal growth in local currencies of 6.9%, acquisition growth of 1.4% and decreases related to foreign exchange and the impact of the extra week of 0.3% and 6.9%, respectively. The 6.9% internal growth in local currencies was comprised of 7.2% growth in our North American market and 2.9% growth internationally. Here also we believe we continue to gain market share in the North American business segment, which accounts for more than 90% of our medical global sales. Turning to our Global Technology and Value-Added Services sales. They were $81.4 million in the fourth quarter, which was an increase of 15%. This included internal growth in local currencies of 13.5%, acquisition growth of 6.5% and a slight increase related to foreign currency of 0.2% and a decrease due to the extra week of 5.2%. The 13.5% internal growth included 15.7% in the North American market and had particular strength in both our technology and financial services recurring revenue segments and a 1% decline in the international market. During the quarter, we continued to repurchase our common stock in the open market. Specifically, we repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares during the quarter at an average price of $79.50 per share, which approximated $84.2 million in cash. So in total, we bought back $300 million of our common stock during the year for the full year 2012, and this was consistent with our guidance and actually at the high end of our guidance of $200 million to $300 million. The impact on the current year's quarter's repurchase was not material. It was less than $0.01 per share. Also, it's important to note at the close of the quarter, at the year end, we still had $300 million authorized for future repurchases of our common stock. And again, we continue to expect to repurchase between $200 million and $300 million of common stock during fiscal 2013. If we take a brief look at the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow for the quarter, operating cash flow was just under $200 million, which compares to $277.8 million last year. Operating cash flow for the year was $408.1 million. And as I mentioned a little bit earlier, we are pleased to have achieved our stated goal of having operating cash flow for the year in excess of our bottom line net income, and that's even with the negative impact of inventory forward buy-ins during the quarter in advance of medical device excise tax going effective at the beginning of the year. Again, we completed about $150 million of forward buy-ins during the quarter, and that had a direct impact on cash flow. So excluding that cash flow would be $150 million higher. We expect to get to normal inventory levels by approximately mid-year 2013. Looking at our accounts receivable day sales outstanding, they were 38.9 days for the quarter. That's down slightly from 39.3 days last year. Our full year basis DSO was 39.8 days and that's also down slightly from 40.6 days last year. Our inventory turns for the fourth quarter was 6.1 turns. That's compared to 6.8 turns last year. On a full year basis, they were 6.2 turns and that compares to 6.7 turns last year. Again, inventory turns were negatively impacted by that forward buy-in of $150 million during the quarter. Capital expenditures for the year of 2012 were $51 million. We expect CapEx for 2013 to be approximately $60 million to $65 million, and this increases primarily because of an increase of a new facility that we expect to bring online in the United Kingdom, and that's approximately $15 million. I would like to conclude my remarks by affirming our 2013 financial guidance as follows: For 2013, we expect diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein to be $4.81 to $4.91, which represents an 8% to 11% growth compared with our 2012 results. It's also important to note that we expect our EPS growth during the year to accelerate over the course of the year. At the end of the first quarter of 2013, we mentioned in our press release that we intend to refinance our debt related to the Butler Schein Animal Health transaction a couple of years ago. This refinancing is expected to reduce our overall interest expense and improve cash flow, and we expect it to be accretive by between $0.02 and $0.03 on an annualized basis. That's dependent on when we lock in rates and that's still something that we'll do later in this quarter. As part of this refinancing, there is a one-time noncash charge of approximately $0.04 to $0.05 per diluted share and that -- our guidance excludes that one-time nonrecurring charge. Also, as always, our guidance is for continuing operations, as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions, but does not include any future acquisitions. Lastly, it's important to note that in determining our guidance for 2013, we took what we believe is a realistic and somewhat conservative view of foreign currency exchange rates and we assumed that there would be continued economic challenges in some parts of the European Union and, therefore, we're hoping to have a slight conservative bias to our guidance because of those uncertainties. So with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Stan.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Let me review with you some highlights from the quarter and the year for each of our 4 global business groups. So starting with the dental group. We are delighted to report continued strength in our North American Dental equipment with growth of nearly 22%, of course, adjusted for that extra week, and overall growth in North America Dental sales of 7%. As Steven mentioned, while the International Dental merchandise growth was healthy, a decline in equipment sales reflects a cautious spending environment in much of Europe, in particular in Germany and the Netherlands, as well as some weakness in Australia. Having said this, we are quite excited about the IDS meeting, which takes place at the end of this quarter. And as we know from historical purchasing patterns, we tend to have a depressed fourth quarter and first quarter in equipment sales in the year of the IDS. That's the fourth quarter of the year before and the first quarter of the IDS. So, hopefully, and we anticipate a far more robust second quarter European and particularly German equipment sales as a result of the IDS meeting, which again takes place at the end of this quarter. We did kick off 2013 with our Annual Dental Field Management Meeting in the first quarter of January. More than 170 Team Schein dental managers gathered to discuss our dental strategy going forward in 2013. At that meeting, I took the opportunity to introduce some company themes for 2013 and beyond, all based on our strategic plans -- our strategic plan for this period. These include the need for Henry Schein to become even more relevant to our customers, and the necessity of change and reinvention in the dental marketplace. Of course, Henry Schein is committed to being the global leader in providing clinical solutions to general dentists and, to a greater extent, to specialists. We are committed to the reinvention of dentistry through digital prosthetics. In fact, at the Greater New York dental meeting in November, we introduced a whole new concept of digital prosthetics. The program centered on the theme of choices that connect. We are quite clear that we need to offer our customers options in connecting to the new digital world that they're going to experience, whether it's in the image area or specifically in the prosthetics area. And just like we are committed to continue to be the leader in the practice solutions area of dentistry, as well as on the imaging side, we are committed to being world leader on the prosthetic -- digital prosthetics side as well. Our dental team is clear that to achieve our goal of Global Dental leadership in clinical solutions, we need to advance a number of key initiatives. We believe we are uniquely positioned to achieve this goal as we continue to pursue a number of these initiatives. We believe we have more different tools required to advance this goal in our armamentarium really than any other dental company in the world. So we would like to advance, as part of our strategy, our global leadership position in the Practice Management solutions and Electronic Medical Record arena in dentistry and in providing specialty oral surgery, orthodontic and endodontic products and, of course, the related services that are used by dentists, whether they're GPs or specialists. Of course, an educational protocol for dentists on the importance of dentistry in the entire continuum of health care, not just on the restoration side. And while we are relatively new to the global implant market, we believe we are uniquely positioned to establish ourselves as the leader in the tooth replacement sector. We will have the right mix of hardware and software, and our sales team will be the trusted advisers who introduce and stand behind the digital prosthetics solutions. We are committed to this. This is where dentistry is heading, and just like we were committed to becoming the leader in the practice solutions arena, software, and we achieved that, and the leader in full service, we now, of course, sell more dental imaging and dental chairs than any other company in the dental space. Likewise, we will -- are committed to advancing our prosthetics platform and we'll achieve -- and are committed to achieving and believe we will achieve similar results. To round out our commitment to solutions-based leadership is a firm-wide focus on excellence in customer service and support. More of this, of course, as the year goes by but this is an area we are firmly committed to. During 2012, we stepped up our use of social media to interact with all our constituencies, including, of course, our suppliers, customers and various corporate audiences. Our use of social media has been particularly active with our U.S. dental customers, including weekly Twitter chats moderated by industry experts on topical -- topics as diverse as oral health and systemic health, team harmony in the office and office aesthetics. We used YouTube during the fourth quarter for cross publication of our Recovery Empowerment Symposium information. Of course, this was the result of services we offered in the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy. We'll always be there for our customers and believe that we are viewed as in fact the one-stop shop whenever these kinds of sad situations occur. Dentists, doctors and physicians view us as their resource. And we connected with customers via a lighthearted contest to name our Facebook community mascot. We will continue to leverage the cost-effective reach of social media during 2012 and, of course, beyond. Also, as we mentioned, dental -- the dental specialty markets are important to our growth strategy, and during 2012 we strengthened our global orthodontics business with the action of -- with the acquisition of Ortho Technology, which has annual sales of about $26 million. With some nice synergies between Ortho Organizers and Ortho Technologies, very complementary opportunities. We, of course, acquired Ortho Organizers in March of 2009 and that Ortho Technologies sells products primarily to orthodontists, while Ortho Organizers largely services the GP dental profession. Today, our orthodontics sales, just of the specialty products, about $75 million annually. Of course, we sell a lot more in products to orthodontists, but in the specialty orthodontics space, we already are running at the rate of $75 million. Also, last year, we acquired a 75% interest in Accord, which has annual sales of about $60 million, and established our presence in Thailand, of course, in a leadership position. Accord also serves as the anchor for further expansion into Southeast Asia, and Thailand marked the 26th country that Henry Schein has operations in and affiliates. Asia becomes importantly -- more important to Henry Schein in the years to come as we advance our market position in this important market, in general. So that's a little bit about the dental world. Now on the Global Animal Health side, we continue to gain market share during the fourth quarter with accelerated internal growth in North America. If we exclude the extra week, you'll see that the internal growth in local currencies was pretty good. North America, over 18%, and even on the international side, we experienced good growth, healthy growth of about 3.1%. Last year, we made 3 -- that was only internal, by the way. Last year, we made 3 strategic Animal Health acquisitions in Europe and the U.K. Just before the year end, we completed our acquisition of C&M Vetlink, annual sales of $55 million. This made Henry Schein a leading veterinary distributor of Ireland and reinforced Henry Schein Animal Health U.K. based in the U.K. Our veterinary business now has a presence in 11 countries worldwide, including 9 in Europe plus the United Kingdom. During the second and fourth quarter of 2012, we acquired AUV Veterinary Services with annual sales of about $217 million. AUV brought us a leading presence in the Netherlands and Belgium and advanced, of course, our Pan-European strategy. We hope to expand on that platform in the years to come and are very, very excited about us being really the only dental -- Animal Health distributor with a significant geographic and sales footprint on both sides of the Atlantic and, of course, in Australia and New Zealand. This year started off well from an increasing of the geographic footprint as well, so we started last year, of course, with the Veterinary Instrumentation acquisition. This is part of our strategy to not only increase the geographic presence, but also to add important products with higher margins through these geographic stores, if you will. The leading supplier of veterinary instruments, the leading supplier of surgical instruments, implants to veterinary surgeons in the United Kingdom with about $10 million of sales. These products are now being expanded for distribution in the rest of the Schein network. The acquisition holds strategic importance as we have subsequently been able to bring the portfolio of high-quality specialty products to growing professionals, as I said, across Europe, in the U.S. and also Australasia.  So on the Animal Health side, we've continued to expand our physical presence, but at the same time, doing well on our internal growth and adding higher-margin products such as surgical instruments and, of course, software, which was spoken about in the past. So now let me talk a bit about our Global Medical group with results continuing to be very good. The growth in North America was significantly higher than third quarter. And our international group, although small, returned to positive growth in local currencies, of course, adjusting for that extra week. Let me point out that the North America group represents 95% of our Global Medical sales space. Now on the flu side. We sold approximately 1.4 million doses of influenza vaccine during the quarter. I think that was expected. We gave some indication on the last call on that, making a total of 8.3 million doses for the full year. As we discussed last quarter, the profitability for this product line was significantly greater in 2012 than '11. I think we discussed this well over a year ago that we expected this to be the case. On the strategic side, in July, we acquired Modern Laboratory Services, sales of about $22 million. This transaction supports our continued commitment to the physician and clinical laboratory market, and strengthen our position on the U.S. West Coast, an area of exciting opportunity from a growth point of view and an area where Henry Schein has traditionally been underpenetrated. MLS also advanced our goal of gaining market share and adding larger management through our strategic acquisition. Shall we say, this was an important strategic acquisition as it not only increased our footprint but management product offering, and satisfied an important business niche from a Henry Schein Medical point of view. Now let me conclude with our Technology group. Sales growth accelerated during the quarter in North America, which represented 90% or so of the group's revenue, with particular strength on the recurring revenue streams of both the technology and financial services side of the business. Having said that, we did experience some challenges in Europe due to some of the economic concerns. We are committed to utilizing advanced technology and software to help all of our customers run more efficient businesses. That's in the dental, medical and animal health side. Late in the third quarter of 2012, towards that goal, we acquired a majority interest in the Exan Group, which is a Canadian dental software company with annual revenues of about $12 million. Many of these acquisitions are far more valuable from a strategic point of view than the sales at the time of the acquisition or investment. We are very optimistic about the growth opportunity for the Exan line as it complements our enterprise business on the software side, as well as on the consumable and equipment side, and provides access to dental schools for special markets merchandise. Exan is by far the leading provider of dental school software in the U.S. and Canada, with huge opportunity to take that know-how and advance it in large group practices and taking the specialty school software abroad. Of course, the importance of connecting software to students in the dental school is clearly an important reason why we invested in this area. So Steve and I will be happy to take questions. We want to reiterate our commitment to shareholder value by using our strong cash flow to continue to reinvest in the business but also, more importantly, to repurchase shares of our common stock. During the year, we repurchased 1.1 million shares at an average price of $79.50 for a total of $84.2 million. In November last year, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional 300 million shares, which was on top of the 200 million shares -- $200 million authorized which was approved in April. So I think we're using our cash flow wisely. We are, of course, investing and expanding the business both geographically and in terms of product offerings through acquisitions and investments, but also responsibly acquiring shares so as to reduce our share count. Steve and I have stated many times in the past, our goal is to spend approximately $200 million to $300 million this year in share buyback and a similar amount in strategic acquisitions, somewhere between $400 million, $500 million, $600 million in total. This will become clearer as opportunities present themselves, but we remain very, very optimistic about the value to our shareholders of investing in strategic acquisitions while at the same time, of course, growing our internal sales but at the same time, buying shares back as we think this is also a good investment. So that's a bit on the quarter, went a little bit over the normal time because we covered some of the annual progress in 2012. So Steve and I are ready to answer some questions at this point.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Stan, I just want to -- and Steve, I just want to ask a couple quick questions regarding your Q4 equipment sales in North America. Obviously, very strong, and when I was at the Greater New York dental show in December, it was pretty clear that your sales guys were marketing very aggressively the sunsetting of Section 179 and beating the medical device tax, and so I'm trying to gauge how much of potential 1Q sales might have been pulled into 4Q because, Steve, if I listen to your prepared remarks, it kind of sounds like you're suggesting 1Q should be the slowest growth here and -- the slowest quarter of the year and 4Q should be the most aggressive, if I heard that correctly, because currently the Street has it modeled exactly the opposite.
Steven Paladino: Yes. So, Glen, that's why I made the comment because we do expect -- and there's a few reasons, one of which you stated, on why we do expect Q1 growth to really be the lowest and to accelerate throughout the year. Let me just go through the 3 or 4 reasons why we believe that. One, if you look at Q1 last year was a very strong quarter so it's a more difficult comparison. Two, we typically make a fair amount of investment spend in new hires beginning in -- at the beginning of the year for activities throughout the year so they don't start paying dividends until later in the year. Three is the point you mentioned, Glen. We think we may have cannibalized a little bit of equipment sales in Q1. Also, on equipment in Europe, as you know, the IDS show is at the end of Q1, and that typically delays equipment purchases in Europe to after the IDS show, so that will have some negative benefit in Q1 and positive benefit in Q2 and Q3. And so those are the 3 or 4 main reasons. Specifically with North American Dental equipment, we just had an outstanding quarter for equipment sales. Yes, we marketed to the tax benefits of buying this year. We do think that helped us. It's really hard to gauge how much it helped as. And again, when I look at the equipment sales growth, it was very broad-based, traditional equipment, CAD/CAM, other areas, but certainly we think we got some benefit because Section 179 was scheduled to expire so we were advising clients of that. As it turned out with a new tax law that's passed, it did not expire. In fact, the U.S. government increased Section 179 benefits to $500,000 so there may be some opportunities late in the year in 2013 to talk about that since they increased it. But clearly, we think we got some benefit because of the tax changes that we anticipated at the end of the year.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Steve, maybe if I could just ask you one follow-up question. I mean, historically, we've tended to see some correlation in the direction of equipment sales and consumable sales as traffic sort of ebbs and flows through the dentist office and you kind of look this quarter and you saw your consumable numbers take another step back and we're kind of back to that growth rate in the 2009, early 2010 time frame. And I'm kind of curious to get your take, Stan, if you guys believe you're truly taking market share, what does that say about the growth rate in consumables? And are you surprised at the magnitude of the disconnect, I guess, between your equipment sales, your much stronger-than-expected equipment sales and potentially maybe slightly weaker than expected consumable numbers?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. Glen, it's really hard to pinpoint this thing precisely into low -- into basis points. There are a couple of things that we need to also, if you want to peel the onion a bit further. The weather was -- played a role in, certainly in the Northeast, on visits. This I think is not only in dental but I think also in animal health. On the medical side, it shifted the other way because of flu. But -- and I think we had some dislocations because of weather and also the rhythm of the year end this year was a bit odd, given the time of Christmas and New Year. So you can imagine our management of the business units has tried to figure this out and spent a lot of time on it. And I think the market is probably a little bit more robust than these numbers indicate and so I think we need to wait for the longer, of course, we lost another day of business in the Northeast because of the snow this week -- what is -- this week, right? Yes, this week. So I think the calendar and the weather played somewhat of a difference -- somewhat of a role in making a difference here, this -- for probably an 8-week period of time. But the mood of dentists is not bad -- they wouldn't be investing if it were bad. I think some of the 20-something percent growth in equipment was the result of people being concerned that the tax laws would change, but you don't only invest in equipment because of that. I think interest rates are low. That's very helpful, but at the end of the day, I do think dentists are feeling quite good about the profession. The lab business seems to be okay. We've seen worse times in the lab industry. So overall -- I think Steven used the word solid. We debated that, whether that was the right word, and I'm actually quite sure that, that is the right word to describe the state of the U.S. visits to dentists. Of course, lots of changes as CAD/CAM picks up so the mix in consumables changes a little bit. Film, by the way, has fallen dramatically in the last year or 2 with the increase in digital X-ray. So there's a lot going on here, but I think we're in a solid state.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Stanley, just wondering if you could provide a little bit more color as to what's going on in the international markets. Obviously, there's some good explanations of slower purchases ahead of IDS, but what else are you guys seeing in Australia, for example?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, I think, let's deal with Australia to start with. The market is quite solid. I think we had a couple of challenges on the equipment side. But, overall, I think the market is quite solid. I think the government is supportive of -- are okay. And I'm quite optimistic about Australia actually for 2013. We just reviewed that particular business a few days ago, actually on Monday with our dental team and I think we remain optimistic. By the way, the same is -- can be said on the Animal Health side for Australia and for New Zealand. If you look at Europe, maybe challenges in the U.K. and in France, but from our point of view, we remain quite optimistic. Germany, I think it's -- there's a slight dip compared to perhaps the previous years, but we are expecting, at least at this stage, a very good IDS. There was some anomalies in the Netherlands because of some change in reimbursement. We think that as the year goes by, that will find its way out. I have to say that the 2 challenges are Spain and Italy, but we are doing very well compared to the rest of the market in Spain and are doing quite well in Italy, but that market is significantly challenged. And just like Spain, we saw the marked decrease a few years ago so the comparables became easier. I think we start annualizing out in Italy in the next few quarters. So although the market is not booming, I think from a Henry Schein point of view, the comps will get easier as the year goes by. So overall, I think the U.S. is stronger, but I think Europe from a Henry Schein point of view should be positive this year.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. That's good color. I appreciate it. And then just a quick one for Steve, and I can't remember if you made a comment about this in the prepared remarks, but SG&A was lower than expected. What was behind that? And is 20% a good run rate to use as a projection going forward as a percent of revenue?
Steven Paladino: Well, the operating expenses really benefited from the strong primarily dental equipment sales in the U.S. because a fair amount of our expenses on the dental equipment side are relatively fixed. We have a certain amount of service technicians. We have a certain amount of equipment sales and service centers. They don't increase or fluctuate with sales volume. Yes, commissions do, but that's probably the only thing that does. So because of the very strong equipment sales growth in Q4, we got greater leverage on operating expense, that's the primary reason. Our goal again when you're modeling is we do expect to get operating margin expansion on an annual basis. Historically, we've talked about 30 to 50 basis points with the lion's share of that coming on the OpEx side. On the other hand, because of -- depending on how sales growth is, it could be on the lower end of that range. It was for most of 2012 because of lower sales growth, but we still expect to get margin expansion on an annual basis and that's excluding any new acquisitions in the current year, which could increase or decrease margin depending on the acquired company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny with ISI Group.
Michael Cherny - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So I just want to dig in a little bit to the competitive dynamics in the medical marketplace. You've had some moving pieces from your competitors there. You obviously point to taking share. Can you talk a bit about, especially over the next 12, 18, 24 months, how you see the competitive dynamics playing out, particularly against the backdrop of health care reform or what that means from an overall growth perspective, if you kind of modeled that already, thinking about it for the [indiscernible]
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, I think it's a very good question. So I think from a broad-based point of view, I think it will be more focus on wellness, prevention and therefore, visiting the primary care physician. I think that's the case with respect to health care reform, which will kick in, I think, a year or so down the road, but more importantly from insurance carriers. They're encouraging more of that. So that means there will be more visits to primary care physicians, more preventative visits to specialists as opposed to visits to the emergency room as procedures move out of the emergency room to the office-based environment. So that's one dynamic. The second dynamic is we see a continued acceleration on the consolidation of practices. Small practices becoming big ones, more practices going into IDNs, group practices where the specialty or multi-specialty emerging and so the practices getting bigger. About 5 years ago, we -- for those shareholders that have heard this before, forgive me, we conducted 2 independent strategic studies. One is to determine the best practices that we should be supporting from a Henry Schein product sales point of view. Some practices such as dermatology and gynecology and anesthetics and knees, ankles, braces as we call it internally. Those are the areas we started focusing on as a result of that study. The second was to try to understand the way health care would be delivered in the years to come. And we clearly understood that the practices would get bigger and this is an area we've focused on in the last few years. So our medical group has done well., Of course, some of the growth has come from products in those areas that we are focused on, but a big part of our growth is -- and probably most of it is coming from servicing what we call the upstream part of the market, which is these newer entities, these larger entities, specialties groups, and the IDNs and the large group practices. And we've done well in that area. So we believe in the strategy, we believe, actually, we are the best company to service these needs because we have these very large distribution centers, 5 of them to service the whole country. They are highly leverage-able. The cost in establishing centers is largely spent so the more volume is put through these centers, the lower the cost is, the better the operating margin is, and we believe we have tools, really, that are unique for this marketplace, believe we have better tools than anyone else, and we're very, very excited about our medical business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Steve, I just wanted to revisit the SG&A in the quarter. As you pointed out, this is the lowest percentage we've seen in several years. I was wondering -- it sounds like equipment played a role there, but I was wondering how much synergies from some of your deals, larger deals you've done over the last couple of years might have played into this, specifically thinking about AUV and the like.
Steven Paladino: So the acquisitions over the last year or 2 have helped. Although it's not as big an impact as the other item I mentioned, which is the strong sales growth and equipment, and a third thing is that we have continued focus on ensuring that we optimize our activities, really, everything that we do, we constantly look at how we can be more efficient. But to be fair, the biggest benefit came from the really strong equipment sales growth.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then if I could change gears over to vet. I want to get your perspective around the growth outlook, another strong quarter, particularly in the U.S., so I guess as you're a little bit of a victim of your own success as we move into 2013, some pretty tough comps, just how are you guys thinking about the momentum we saw in '12 as we go into '13 around vet and does the current demand out there support continued similar growth that we've seen?
Steven Paladino: Well, we definitely assume or believe that we will see strong growth in our Animal Health business, both in North America and in Europe. But also we do believe it will moderate somewhat. We can't possibly continue growing at the rates that we're growing, so it will moderate although we do expect it to be very strong, probably will be strongest growth -- continue to be our strongest area of growth. And remember, there is some impact in the North American Animal Health business because of changes with flea and tick products that had strong growth this year, so that will moderate. So I don't think we can expect the same growth rates. It will come down a little bit but it's still going to be very, very strong, and we're very happy about the potential there.
Stanley M. Bergman: Just to add a little bit more color to that, and I think Steven set it up correctly. There were some switches between agency and regular GAAP book sales last year, specifically related to the Novartis FDA challenge. If you peel that out, we grew at somewhere around internal growth 5%, 6%, probably closer to 6.5% internal growth. There was also a very favorable first quarter because of the weather. So I think this needs to be taken into account. Having said that, we believe the market is growing in our sector in the mid-single digits and we will continue to gain market share as we have. And remember our focus is primarily on the companion animal side and so when comparing us to others, you need to take that carefully into account. So we believe we're -- the market is growing in the mid-single digits, we will gain market share and are very, very pleased with the U.S. Butler Schein Animal Health business. It's doing extremely well both from a market position point of view and sales results point of view.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Steve, could you just remind us what of your entities flow through the equity earnings and affiliate line? it seems like that was a pretty big negative swing factor in the quarter year-over-year.
Steven Paladino: Sure. So it's actually a little bit of a complex answer. There really are 3 factors that impacted the quarterly results for the equity in earnings of affiliates. The first is one of the entities, we increased our ownership and no longer is reported in that line because it's now a consolidated entity. So it comes out of the equity in earnings of affiliates, it's part of consolidated earnings. Second reason is we did have in one of the affiliates, we did have some one-time costs that negatively impacted the quarter. And the third reason is because of certain tax changes on a comparable basis versus last year, where now some taxes are included in the equity and affiliate line versus prior periods where it was not. But I think where you're really going is so what can we expect going forward and maybe I should just give some guidance on that. And we do expect that the equity in earnings of affiliates in 2013 will probably be in the $8 million to $9 million range, seasonality similar to our core business seasonality. So it's going to be a little bit lower than prior years, again mostly because of the entity that slipped out of that line item and now is a consolidated entity.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Maybe just a quick follow-up. How are your dental specialty businesses doing relative to dental overall?
Steven Paladino: So we -- dental specialties, they're doing well. Remember some of those markets, namely implants and orthodontics, are still probably negatively impacted to a greater extent than general dentistry because of economic conditions, especially in Europe. We have somewhere north of $400 million of specialty business on an annual basis. One of the things that we're trying to do because it's not just in the Camlog and the Ortho Organizers businesses, there are specialty products in the core businesses. And one of the things we're looking to do is to give a little bit greater visibility on that going forward for it. But we're definitely gaining market share. I don't have a specific number, John, though, on how much for it versus the general dental market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Steve, just a couple of clarifying questions. It's all I've got -- all I have left here at this point, but dental equipment, I mean, obviously we don't expect the 22% to continue and you did talk about maybe pulling some into fourth quarter out of first quarter, but we've also heard dental equipment backlog is pretty good this quarter as demand there is still pretty decent. So I would assume you still expect some decent growth in the first quarter even if it's nowhere near that 20% level, is that a fair comment?
Steven Paladino: No, it's a very fair comment. Specifically, our North American equipment backlog increased a bit from Q -- at the end of Q4 so we did see some increase there, but clearly it's not going to be 21%. It will be lower because we did cannibalize a little bit, we believe. But we're still expecting good growth in dental equipment sales in Q1.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Fair enough. And, Stanley, you brought up the Novartis point, maybe quantify that at, I don't know, 500 to 700 basis points of benefit or so in the year, you could back into that anyway. Is there any chance as Novartis comes back online that the exact opposite happens where if you guys are growing core kind of 5%, 6%, 7% but then you have that headwind of going back to an agency business with Novartis that pulls the reported growth rate down to 1% or 2%.
Stanley M. Bergman: I mean, I can't talk about anything specific with regard to a specific supplier. I'm not even sure -- I think we may even have a nondisclosure agreement there, I don't know. But Novartis is committed to coming back and Novartis, I think, is committed to working closer with us. So I would be shocked if this would impact our profitability and, of course, as it impacts sales, we will discuss the -- any conversion from one methodology of sale recognition to another with shareholders, but I would be shocked if it has an impact on profitability.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And last question, I promise here, Steve, just on one more below-the-line item, net interest and other was up maybe $1 million more than we were thinking and up kind of at levels we haven't seen for a couple of years. What was the driver there?
Steven Paladino: I'm sorry, which line were you referring to?
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Net interest and other.
Steven Paladino: It's a combination of things. The interest expense is down because of lower interest rates and lower borrowing levels. We also -- I think that's the main reason, there may be miscellaneous other games in the -- other gains but it's all very small.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Should we expect that $4.5 million to kind of continue going forward after -- or I guess, maybe adjusted a little bit for the debt refi that will be coming up?
Steven Paladino: Yes. We should expect that the interest expense, just to give you a little bit of detail. There's a little over $200 million, something like $220 million of debt that we are refinancing. We don't have a specific rate that will be lower, but it could be as much as 2 percentage points lower interest rate, and so that will have a direct benefit starting probably at the end of Q1 when we expect to complete that.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Steve, just curious if you've got any update on the operating cash flow or free cash flow outlook for next year?
Steven Paladino: Yes. So as I said in the prepared remarks, our operating cash flow was negatively impacted by about $150 million because of forward inventory buy-ins related to potential price increases for the medical device excise tax. So, really, if you look at our cash flow on a normalized basis, it would be $150 million higher for 2012. We expect that to reverse in 2013 and get back to normalized operating cash flow, plus this reversal. And the second thing that I pointed out, if you're looking at free cash flow, Brandon, we do expect capital expenditures to bump up a little bit. There is a new building planned in the United Kingdom, which is about $15 million, it's not an ongoing CapEx so we do expect CapEx to be in the $60 million to $65 million range this year versus last year, which was over -- a little over $50 million. So again we have a little one-time pop in CapEx because of that new building and then it should resume back to normal CapEx levels going forward.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: All right. I appreciate the color on the equity line outlook for the year. Any chance you could give us a range on the minority interest line as well?
Steven Paladino: I would say minority interest should increase at a slightly faster growth rate than net income growth rates because it does reflect the underlying growth of the businesses that are consolidated plus the new business that's part of the consolidated entity.
Stanley M. Bergman: So, thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your interest. As I said a couple of times during the call today and I think you can tell from Steven's tone as well, we believe the business is in good shape. We believe that we have a good strategic plan that we're executing well against. Of course, we do have a couple of challenges, namely the European economy, and we're not 100% certain about the degree of bounce-back in the U.S. economy and that's why we want to remain relatively conservative with our guidance, although we are enthusiastic internally to continue to make good progress on gaining market share and increasing profitability in all of our business units. So we look forward to speaking to everyone, I think, in about 60 days, right?
Steven Paladino: That's right.
Stanley M. Bergman: Because this is the quarter with -- we report just a little later because it's the year end. And thank you very much. Of course, Steven is available to chat at 61-843-5915, Carolynne at...
Carolynne Borders: 631-390-8105.
Stanley M. Bergman: And Susan Vassallo at 631-843-56...
Susan Vassallo: 5 5.
Stanley M. Bergman: 5 5 6 2. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Vassallo - Vice President of Corporate Communications Stanley M. Bergman - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Executive Director
Analysts: Elliot Feldman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division David Larsen - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Third Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, Susan.
Susan Vassallo: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss today's Henry Schein's third quarter results. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The contents of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, November 7, 2012. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. [Operator Instructions] With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Susan. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our third quarter conference call. We are very, very pleased to have gained market share in each of our 4 business groups during the third quarter. Each group also reported accelerated internal sales growth, that is in local currencies, compared with the second quarter and after you exclude the impact of seasonal influenza vaccine from our Global Medical business. So adjusting for flu, which we'll talk about separately, and the results there are quite good, too, you'll see that internal growth has been positive in all of our business units and we have gained market share across the board. We are also pleased today to be raising the low end of our 2012 EPS guidance range and to be introducing guidance for the year 2013 that represents growth in EPS of approximately 10% to 12% compared to the midpoint of our 2012 guidance range, and Steven can provide further color on that. Looking at our business operations through 2 strategic acquisitions, we recently enhanced our dental software offering, in particular to dental schools, and expanded our veterinary footprint to include Ireland. These transactions illustrate our commitment to advanced technology and geographic expansion. Of course, these are 2 key initiatives in our 2012 to 2014 Strategic Plan. I'll provide a little bit -- further thoughts on these acquisitions and some commentary on each of the business groups in a moment. So overall, we're quite pleased with our results for the third quarter. We think each of our business units is marching in a very solid way towards implementing our strategic plan, making progress. And so let me now turn the call to Steve to provide further information on our quarterly financial results. Steve?
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stan, and good morning to everyone. I'm also pleased to be reporting overall strong financial results and sales growth for the third quarter of 2012. Our net sales for the quarter ended September 29, 2012 were $2.2 billion, reflecting a 5.7% increase compared with the third quarter of 2011. This consists of 8.9% growth in local currencies and a 3.2% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, internally generated sales were up 4.4%, and our acquisition growth was 4.5%. As Stanley mentioned, I'd like to point out that our seasonal influenza vaccine sales were lower this quarter than in the prior year's third quarter, although our profitability was higher. In order to provide more meaningful commentary, I will be discussing sales results including and excluding this impact. So excluding sales of seasonal influenza vaccines from both periods, our net sales increased 6.4% and 9.8% growth in local currencies including a 5.1% internal sales growth rate. You can see the details of our sales growth that are contained in Exhibit A of our earnings news release that was issued today. Our operating margin for the third quarter of 2012 was 6.7% and declined slightly by 8 basis points compared with the third quarter of 2011. However, excluding the impact of current year acquisitions, our operating margin actually expanded by approximately 16 basis points compared with the prior year. And as we have previously discussed, acquisitions, until integrated, typically carry lower margins than our existing businesses and serve to reset our base operating margins. If we look at our operating expenses as a percent of sales, they improved by 44 basis points as we continued to control and leverage our expense structure. This improvement was offset by a decline of 52 basis points in gross margin, and that's due mainly to our Global Animal Health business, which includes higher sales growth as well as product mix impact. And just to remind people, our Global Animal Health business has a higher percentage of its sales in pharmaceutical products, and these products carry a gross margin lower than our company average. So again, it's a mix issue. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.5%, which is in line with our previous guidance and down from the 31.5% in the third quarter of 2011. We expect that our effective tax rate to remain in the 31% range or slightly lower for the remainder of the year. Net income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. for the third quarter of 2012 was $96.8 million or $1.08 per diluted share. This represents an increase of 5.2% and 9.1%, respectively, compared with last year's third quarter. I think it's also important to note that the foreign currency exchange -- translation exchange had a negative impact on our EPS, and for the quarter that negative impact was a little over $0.01 per share versus last year. As a reminder, I'd like to point out that a $0.10 change in the dollar-euro exchange rates will have an impact on our quarterly EPS by approximately $0.015 of EPS on a quarterly basis. So let's provide some detail on our sales results for the third quarter. Our Global Dental sales for the third quarter of 2012 declined by 0.3% to $1.1 billion. But this consists of 3.4% growth in local currencies and a 3.7% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, we had internally generated sale were up 2.3%, and acquisition growth contributed an additional 1.1%. We believe that our overall dental sales growth in local currencies exceeded our estimates of what the market is growing, so we continued to gain market share. And if we look at our 2.3% internal sales growth in local currencies, and that's on a global basis, it's comprised of 3.1% growth in North America and 1.0% growth internationally. I'll give you some detail on each of these figures. First, the 3.1% North American internal growth in local currencies included 2.3% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise and 5.6% growth in dental equipment sales and service revenue. The equipment growth continues to be very broad-based for us, with particular strength in our high-tech product lines. The 1% international internal growth in local currencies included 3.4% growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise and a 4.5% decline in dental equipment sales and service revenue. The decline in international dental equipment sales reflect some economic challenges in many of our markets in Europe, but most notably in Italy. We also saw a modest decline in equipment sales in Germany, which reflects a tough comparable versus last year. And as you may recall, last year in Germany, we had the benefit from the biennial IDS trade show that we did not have this year. Looking at our Global Animal Health sales, they were $598.1 million in the third quarter, an increase of 19.2%, which consists of 23.9% growth in local currencies and a 4.7% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internally generated sales were up 9.1%, and acquisition growth was 14.8%. If we look at the components of our 9.1% internal growth, we can see that North America grew 12.2% and international grew 6.2%. The growth was primarily driven by sales of parasiticides as well as certain other vaccines in the animal health market. We believe we certainly gained market share in the Global Animal Health business, as we have done in previous quarters. Turning to our Global Medical sales, they were $442.5 million in the third quarter. That's an increase of 4.2% and consists of 4.8% growth in local currencies and a 0.6% decline related to foreign currency. In local currencies, we have internally generated sales up 3.5%, and our acquisition growth was an additional 1.3%. Looking at the components of that 3.5% growth, 3.8% was in North America, and 2.1% was a decline in our international business. As we said earlier, this year, we sold fewer doses of seasonal influenza vaccine than last year, but it's very important to point out that although sales from this product line were less in 2012 versus 2013, our profitability was higher -- 2012 versus 2011, sorry, our profitability was actually higher. In fact, we expect to achieve, on a full year basis for 2012, our full year profitability goals for flu vaccine, and there may actually be some upside to that also. So if we exclude sales of seasonal flu vaccines from both periods, we had very strong medical sales growth in the third quarter of 8.4%, with 9.1% growth in local currencies and 7.6% internally generated. The 7.6% internally generated sales growth was 8.2% in North America and a 2% decline international. Here again we also believe we continue to gain market share in the North American segment of the Medical group and the North American segment is the largest portion of our medical sales, which represents more than 90% of our total Medical global business. Turning to technology. Our Global Technology and Value-Added Services sales were $71 million for the third quarter, an increase of 14.1%, with 14.7% growth in local currencies and a 0.6% decline related to foreign currency. In local currencies, we had internally generated sales of 11.2% and an additional 3.5% growth related to acquisitions. The components of that 11.2% growth was 12% in North America and 4.7% internationally. We continued to repurchase our common stock in the open market during the third quarter. Remember, we had said at the beginning of the year that we expect to repurchase about $200 million to $300 million on an annual basis and we expect to be at the high end of that range for the full year 2012. And for the quarter, specifically, we repurchased approximately 760,000 shares of common stock at an average price of $77.52 per share, which is approximately $59 million. The impact of this repurchase on the third quarter was not material, although you will see that we did see some nice improvements in EPS on a year-to-date basis. At the close of the third quarter, we still had $84 million authorized for future repurchases of our common stock. If we take a brief look at our balance sheet and some highlights. First, operating cash flow for the quarter was $78.5 million. That compares to $90.3 million in 2011's third quarter, and this minor decrease was related primarily to working capital and due primarily to temporary increases in inventory levels. We continue to believe we will have strong operating cash flow for the year, and that will be in excess of our adjusted net income excluding restructuring costs. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding improved to 41.1 days versus 42.1 days last year. Our inventory turns were down slightly from 6.6 turns last year to 6.3 turns this year. And last, looking at our balance sheet, I'm pleased to report that in September, we closed on a new $500 million revolving credit facility. This new facility matures in September of 2017, so it's a 5-year facility. And it replaces our $400 million revolving credit facility, which was scheduled to mature in September of 2013 so next year. We're very pleased to have expanded the credit line, and we also are very pleased that we've been able to secure favorable terms on that credit line. So I conclude my remarks with discussing our 2012 and 2013 financial guidance. Due to the strength of our third quarter results, we are raising the low end of our 2012 diluted EPS guidance and now expect that EPS for the year to be in the range of $4.35 to $4.40. And this represents growth of 10% to 11%. And it compares to our previous guidance of $4.30 to $4.40, so we basically increased the bottom -- from the bottom half of the range by about $0.05 to the top half of the range. Let me point out that the fourth quarter of 2012 has one less week compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. Remember, we had that extra week last year. And as always, our guidance excludes restructuring costs and as for continuing operations, as well as any previously announced acquisition that does not include the impact of any potential future acquisition activity. Looking at next year, we are introducing 2013 financial guidance as follows: for 2013, we expect diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. to be $4.81 to $4.91, which represents a growth of approximately 10% to 12% compared with the midpoint of our 2012 guidance. Again, the 2013 guidance is for continuing operations and includes any completed acquisitions or announced acquisitions but does not include any future acquisitions that may occur. It's important also to note that in determining our guidance for 2013, we took what we believe to be a realistic and somewhat conservative view of the overall economic challenges in the European Union, as well as the foreign currency exchange rates. So with that, I'd now like to turn it back to Stan.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Let me review with you some highlights from the third quarter and recent weeks from our Global Dental, Global Animal Health, Global Medical and Technology and Value-Added Services business groups. So let me start with the dental group. We believe that our dental -- our Global Dental group gained further market share in all of its business despite a challenging environment for the dental equipment in many of our markets. As Steven mentioned, sales of dental equipment declined fairly sharply in Italy during the quarter. And let me remind our shareholders that we're really the only national equipment provider in Italy. And having said that, in the scheme of things, the Italian business is not material to the entire Henry Schein business but is an important part of our European dental business. And we also saw modest decline in equipment sales in Germany versus a tough comparison to the prior year, which benefited of course from the biennial IDS trade show, which takes place again this coming March, this coming 2013 March. So we expect to see positive growth at that time. We remain confident in our dental strategy and look forward to continue to gain market share across the board in our Global Dental business. And as Steve also noted, once again, North American dental equipment sales growth was particularly strong. At Henry Schein, we place considerable focus on advanced technology products. These products help our clients deliver high-quality patient care, while at the same time operating efficient practices. These products are also positioned to allow for the integration of various aspects of the practice, the various areas of practice management, and it's equipment that access to integrator, and it ideally positions -- the equipment and, of course, the software, shall we say -- and ideally positions Henry Schein for success with future high technology products. As a good example of our commitment to bringing the latest in advanced technology products to our customers, we recently announced that Henry Schein was selected by 3M as the first qualified U.S. channel partner for a new digital impression system branded the 3M True Definition Scanner. We will sell, install and support the device, which will be offered as a standalone digital impression system at a price that we believe will change the economics of CAD/CAM dentistry. In fact, it may be lower prices available in the future but for the quality of the 3M product that has been brought to market and is expected to be upgraded in the future, and for the price point, we think it will be a great value to our customers. We will also offer customers who acquire the 3M True Definition Scanner the opportunity to have a full chairside CAD/CAM solution through the integration with the E4D Design Center and the E4D Mill. This solution has already been validated by 3M as a trusted chairside connection, so we will be offering the connection as an upgrade option to users of the 3M system or as an integrated CAD/CAM system. So I think you will see through the work we're doing in the marketplace that we have a terrific solution for the standalone scanner but also the standalone scanner in combination with the software and the milling system. And this is early times with tremendous amount of upside opportunity with various software and hardware systems that Henry Schein will bring to market over the years to come. We're very, very excited with the progress being made by our practice solutions group, and Henry Schein is committed to being the go-to company for digital solutions. And we now have the perfect choice for dentists who want an easy entry point into CAD/CAM dentistry with a further option of having a full chairside milling solution as an add-on. As another example of our commitment to innovation, late in the third quarter, we were named exclusive global distributor for Identafi Oral Cancer Screening Device. This is a small and really a terrific cordless handheld unit designed for in-office use to screen oral cancer and precancers. Henry Schein has been a leader in the oral cancer detection arena for well over a decade, and we are known for bringing excellent and innovative products to market in this area. This product, the Identafi Oral Cancer Screening Device, adds yet another very, very important component to our high-tech digital strategy. The product will become a core component of our Total Health Beyond The Mouth initiative, which includes a number of areas that we're focused on, including of course, the whole area of oral cancer but also sleep apnea and many other areas. So we're very, very pleased with the progress that our Global Dental business is making in terms of gaining market share and including on the consumable side but also on the equipment side. Of course, we'd be happy to provide further insight during the Q&A period. So let's take a look at the Global Animal Health group. During the quarter, we continued to gain market share in the business, with particular strength here in North America in the U.S. market. After the close of the third quarter we announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire C&M Vetlink, which is a leading distributor of animal health products in Ireland. In fact, we expect to close on the transaction by the year end. C&M Vetlink was founded nearly 40 years ago as a distributor of certain pharmaceutical products in Ireland. Today, C&M Vetlink distributes a wide variety of veterinary and companion animal products to veterinarians across Ireland and recorded, for the 12 months ended April 2012, approximately EUR 42 million. That's about $58.5 million in sales. About 80% of these sales are for large animals, which reflects the importance of dairy farming and livestock in the Irish economy. Generally, we're not focused on the farming and the livestock arena, but in Ireland, this is of particular interest to us. And the company, CMS, (sic) [C&M] has a very good market share, terrific know-how in this sector. We have similar know-how, by the way, in other countries, such as Switzerland, and the U.K. and Australia and New Zealand, but generally, our focus is on the companion animal side. From a product perspective, the majority of CNM sales are for pharmaceutical products. We expect the impact of this acquisition on operating margins to be less than 5 basis points going forward. With their headquarters in Limerick and warehouse in Limerick and Dublin, C&M Vet Link has 46 team members, including 11 field sales representatives. The acquisition makes Henry Schein a leading Irish vet distributor and reinforces the established Henry Schein Animal Health U.K. base in the United Kingdom and indeed, throughout Europe. Our veterinary business now has a presence in 11 countries worldwide, including 9 in Europe and the United Kingdom. So I think you can see we're doing quite well on the vet side. Sales are good. Market share growth is good, and I think that it would be fair to say not only in the U.S. but really in each of the markets that we're on the ground in outside of the United States. So Europe, United States, and I think we're progressing nicely in Australia and New Zealand as well. So now let's take a look at the Medical Group international or the Global Medical Group. We're very pleased with third quarter growth. We sold approximately 6.8 million doses of influenza vaccine during the quarter. And as of today, we sold approximately 8 million doses, representing essentially all of the season's sales, down a bit from our expectations of approximately 11.6 doses (sic) 11.6 million doses, but I'd like to point out quickly that though we're selling fewer doses compared with 2012. The profit contribution to Henry Schein from this product line is greater than last year and in line with our internal growth. But there is no exposure on the purchasing side either. So we're quite happy with where we are on the flu side. It's a nice annual contribution and complements our terrific progress that we're making in our North America, or U.S., shall we say, Medical business. More than 90% of our sales, by the way, in our Global Medical business are from North America. Our continued gains in market share in North America reflect the increased penetration of integrated delivery networks. I think we're doing very well in this area. We're doing very well with larger group practices. And the ASC, the ambulatory surgery centers are also areas we're doing well, as well as solid growth in sales of pharmaceutical products and medical equipment products. All-in-all, we're really pleased with our U.S. in particular, medical business, which is doing very well. We've developed a strategic plan 3 or 4 years ago in this area to focus on the newer areas of health care delivery, the IDNs, the larger group practices, the ASCs. And we're executing in a terrific way in this area and also focused on certain specialties and are doing well in that area. Now on the European side, it's a relatively small business, I think less than $100 million, but something that is important to us. We recently announced that Jürgen Hahn, a very experienced medical executive, has joined Henry Schein to be the President of our European Medical Group. Jürgen has responsibility for Henry Schein's Medical full-service and mail order businesses in Europe. Jürgen is the ideal person to build our European Medical Group into the continental leader role that we currently hold with our Dental and, of course, our Animal Health businesses. He brings to us more than 20 years of experience in the medical business, including work at Novartis, Fresenius, and most recently, Hitachi. Although as of this stage, we have not spent a huge amount of resource in our European Medical Group, it's an area that we think we will do quite well with in the future, and it will be a terrific complement for our U.S. Medical Group. Today, Henry Schein serves approximately 75,000 physician customers throughout Austria, Germany, the Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. In Europe overall, we have a highly experienced team of more than 4,000 Team Schein members serving medical, dental and animal health practitioners. So I think you'll see that we have done well, of course, in our Animal Health business and our Dental business in Europe and are now positioned to continue to expand the business -- our overall business in Europe in the medical arena with some great management and using the base that we have developed on the dental and animal health side. So let me conclude my prepared remarks with a discussion of our business in the Global Technology and Value-Added Services arena. The performance of this group continues to be solid during the quarter. Good sales growth, of course, terrific margins. More than 85% of revenue from this business is derived from North America, and core results include a particular strength in recurring revenue streams on both the technology and financial services sides of the business. We are, of course, committed to utilizing advanced technology and software to help all of our customers run more efficient businesses, whether in the dental, medical or animal health space. Later in the third quarter, we acquired a majority interest, a very important strategic investment, in The Exan Group, which is a Canadian dental software company servicing dental schools and general practice dentists in the U.S. and in Canada. I think Exan's reputation, for example, in the dental school area is unsurpassed. And talk to any dental dean of a U.S. dental school, or perhaps even some abroad, and you will hear that reputation being confirmed. Exan has 82 members, including 76 at headquarters outside Vancouver. They recorded sales for the 12 months of approximately -- last 12 months of approximately $11.7 million. Of course, compared to our overall $9 billion or so in sales, it's not material, but Exan's value to Henry Schein from a strategic point of view is really important. There is a greater growing demand for enterprise systems, both in schools, dental schools and the dental, the group practice arena. And we think that Exan working in complement with our Dentrix unit here in the U.S. and our software at Exan systems organizations abroad will really make headway and provide terrific value to large practices and particularly schools throughout the world. Of course, Exan sales recorded in our Global Technology and Value-Added Services business unit. So Exan's main product is a dental institution management software solution that is sold to approximately 65 dental schools representing the vast majority of dental schools here in the U.S. and Canada. Exan also has a practice management solution for general practitioners that's being used in approximately 750 practices; also has a very good French version of software, which we will be introducing in Québec soon. Exan's dental software technology is well known for its excellent, tremendous success in the school arena and large practice area, and we're optimistic that the integration of the Exan line with Henry Schein's existing offerings of dental SOE and [indiscernible] will bring real value to our customers and improve on the stickiness of the relationship between our customers, helping them operate better businesses so they can provide better clinical care and at this event driving up our profits. So that's a bit of flavor on our 4 business units. So before we open up for questions, let me highlight a new addition to our company's Board of Directors. In August, we announced that Carol Raphael had joined our Board. Carol will be a tremendous asset to Henry Schein, bringing to us a wealth of health care policy, economics and management experience. For more than 20 years, Carol served as President and CEO of Visiting Nurse Service of New York, which is, of course, the largest not-for-profit home health care agency in the United States. She's credited with expanding the organization's services and launching innovative models of care for complex populations with chronic illness. She previously held executive positions at Mt. Sinai Medical Center and New York City government. Carol is an Advanced Leadership Fellow at the Harvard University, and she chairs the New York eHealth Collaborative, which is a public-private partnership working to advance the adoption of health information technology in the state of New York. As health care continues to evolve, Carol's Board experience will provide Henry Schein's Board with an important new perspective on this rapidly changing market and we're really excited that Carol has joined us as we take our medical business into a whole new world to complement the changes that are going to be evolving in the health care arena in the future. But also, Carol will be able to provide tremendous background information for the advances we're making in the dental arena and, of course, in the medical practice, the animal health practice arena as well. So that's the overview. Steven and I are ready to take some questions. Operator, please open the line.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Elliot Feldman with Barclays.
Elliot Feldman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions, if I could. Maybe, even Stanley, for you, on the Medical side first. Obviously, a large acquisition taking place in the physician marketplace. Wondering if you have any perspectives broadly about going forward potentially how this transaction could impact you guys and maybe shift the competitive dynamics there, or is it still a little bit too early to tell there?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. Unfortunately, we do have competition, and there will always be competition out there. So I'm not sure whether the direct merger between the 2 companies you mentioned will impact us in any material way. Having said that, about 3 or 4 years ago, Henry Schein spent time undertaking 2 studies. One study was to review the methodology that we expect health care to be delivered in, in the future and how it would evolve. And the second was a study to determine what specialties to be focused on. We started implementing programs, strategies to support the results of those, the findings of that study. And I think we've done very well in focusing on the new entities, on the IDNs, the group practices, different kinds of ambulatory services that are now being used to deliver health care. And we're watching the acceleration of these trends. I think we've done very well with regard to capturing a lot of this business because we have very unique software services. And of course, our logistic capabilities in this regard are excellent. We expect to continue to make progress in this area. I think our results are quite clear -- 8% internal growth if you take out the flu vaccine. And I think you can expect us to continue to do well with these newer entities, as well as with the specialty areas that we've embarked on or focused on. So we remain very excited about our Medical group and are more focused on executing our plan than what our competition is doing and how they're merging. Having said that, I am sure that we will get some telephone calls from customers and others in the marketplace asking us to elaborate on how we are going to be operating, and I think we have a very good answer for the marketplace and very, very focused on executing our strategies in this area. We remain very excited, by the way, about our medical business and expect to invest heavily in that area over the years to come.
Elliot Feldman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Sure. And one quick follow-up on that, maybe around capital allocation. As we look at 2013 and beyond, and you guys have clearly made some acquisitions here, consistent with your prior comments. Is the priority still M&A, particularly overseas as you guys continue to build out that scale that you talk about, Steve and Stanley, to build out your Dental and Animal Health platforms, particularly overseas and in Europe? And again, this is for Steve, really quick. Any share repurchase assumptions we should start building into our models for next year embedded in that guidance?
Steven Paladino: Okay. So on capital deployment, 2 things. One is similar to recent history, our goals are continue acquisition activity. It's not necessarily focus more outside the U.S. It happens to have been more outside the U.S. because it's a, a more fragmented market; b, there are no pan-European players other than Henry Schein so there's not a lot of additional competition for assets; and c, we have a smaller market share in Europe than we do in the U.S. But our focus is not necessarily outside the U.S. We'd like to do both in and outside the U.S. So ideally, with our free cash flow in the $500 million range, we'd like to spend $200 million to $300 million on an annual basis for acquisitions, cash acquisitions. We'd also like to spend an additional $200 million to $300 million in stock buyback. And as I said in the prepared remarks, for 2012, we'll be at the high end of that range, and we'd expect to continue it on an ongoing basis as a way to return capital to shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Stanley, just wondering if you could give us some color as to what's driving the market share gains in both Dental and Animal Health segments. Are you taking share from some of your larger competitors or are you taking it from the small guys?
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, I don't think I can give you specifics on the breakdown between whether it's coming from large competitors or our small competitors. But I would say in all 3 of our global business units, we are quite agnostic as to where the business was coming from. And I would say that our solutions-based sales approach of fielding what I think is today something like 3,400 field sales consultants spread out in the U.S. in Europe, Australia, New Zealand and now in Asia, all with the same goal of helping practitioners operate a better business so that those practitioners can provide better clinical care, train those field sales consultants, giving them the tools to get the job done, ranging from consulting capabilities to software to financial services software, practice management software and other kinds of software, prosthetic solutions in the dental world rather than selling a particular hardware, coming out with solutions. I think all that, the direct mail, the telesales capabilities allowing the field sales consultants to be available for consulting rather than ordertaking, real sales consultants working with key manufacturers, suppliers to introduce new products, all those working across the board and we've invested heavily in these areas for 1.5 decade, maybe 2 decades and it's working. So I don't want to get into any specifics as to which distributor in what country, which location we’re taking business from, but I would think that in practically every one of our markets, we're gaining market share from some big competitors and some small competitors. So I don't think it's any easier or harder to get business from a small versus a large competitor. The small competitor may not have the tools but may have a deeper local community relationship. The bigger ones may have the tools but may have lost a little bit their way. So I would say from sitting here right now thinking of our 3 business units, I would say we're getting little bits of market share across the board.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. That's helpful. And then just a quick question for Steve. Looking at the cash flow, you gave us some detail on the working capital and inventory. So we're looking at possibly north of $300 million of operating cash in Q4, and then I see inventories are building on the balance sheet. Is there anything going on there in terms of special stocking for the Animal Health pharmaceuticals or vaccines or can you give us some color around that front?
Steven Paladino: You know we did see a little bit of inventory increases in Q3 that may continue in Q4. We just saw some good buying opportunities. It was really on a spot basis, so I can't say it's necessarily something that will continue. But we do have a sophisticated procurement model that when we see opportunities, we do buy in slightly. From an inventory risk perspective, it's virtually 0, I would say, because we're buying in a few weeks’ extra supply, so there's really not an inventory risk and because capital costs are low, it's wise from a financial perspective. But I wouldn't say there's anything that I could point to, 1 or 2 things that would drive that. It's really being opportunistic in the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo with Crédit Suisse.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Stan, I really appreciate all the detail you gave on the different business segments. But as I think about sort of the growth, the internally generated growth numbers you're putting up in your Medical segment in the mid to high single digits, I just want to -- curious if you can elaborate a little further, I mean. Were there any incremental products categories in either of those segments that may have been driving additional growth? Or do you really feel like it's just robust market growth with some market share on top of that? And I guess if you can give us a sense for how fast you think those 2 markets are growing, then we can figure out maybe how much of it is maybe benefiting from market share.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, Glen. That's a good question, so let me bifurcate it. On the Medical side, I don't think there's any one product. I mean, you've got to take out flu, right? I think there are in fact some challenges in that market because there's a shortage of certain pharmaceutical products, namely in the anesthetic area, and that tends to be go lumpy right now because -- and I think we had a little bit of suppression of sales in that area. But overall, I would say that on the Medical side, it's not product-driven. It's more driven from a movement of market share in some of these newer entities towards Henry Schein. And I would say that our core business in the small practitioner arena is quite stable, and so the growth is coming from this investment we started making a few years ago in that area and also I would say from some of the specialty areas that I think we're gaining market share. It's just a matter of focus. But I don't think it's from the introduction of any major product offering per se. On the Animal Health, it's a little different. I think we said this on prior calls. When looking at the Animal Health area, there's a couple of things you have to take into account. First, you've got to x out the large animal side in North America in particular. I don't think it's that important in Europe, but you have to x -- because Europe, we have a little bit of that, but the mix is not as profound as in the U.S. So in the U.S. when you look at the market growth of Animal Health, please take out the large animal health component and look at us from a pure companion animal point of view. Then the second thing is you need to look into a whole agency to full value sales GAAP accounting methodology, and there was some switch this quarter between agency sales to full reflection of the value of the sale from a GAAP accounting point of view, not material but some. That was to some extent offset by the loss of a prescription diet manufacturer that moved towards going direct and not working through distribution. And then I think the big swing is the whole Trifexis addition because that is an addition of a fully booked sale versus the competition to Trifexis, which I believe is an agency-booked sale. So you take all of that out. I think the market is probably growing somewhere around 2% to 5%. It's impossible to give specific data. There are about -- we set our board meeting for Butler Schein yesterday, and there's about 5 or 6 or 7 indexes and all of them are a little bit all over the place. Having said that, I think it's fair to say the market is growing at least 2% and it's not much more than 5% on the companion animal side. So the gain is related to a lot of what I just described, plus we are gaining market share. I think the fact that our sales organization is settled, our management in the field is settled, the offering is settled, commissions are settled. We have, I believe, the best value-added service offering in the marketplace. Our 2 software systems are doing well. The morale is great. And when an organization is winning, it's winning and it leads to more success. So I would say that our Butler Schein business in the U.S. is doing extremely well in gaining market share, although it's modest market share growth. And a lot of the other things I know that need to be taken into account in evaluating the performance of the business relative to market share growth. Again, I think it's probably not the best place on this call to go through this. But for those investors that have specific questions, I'm sure Steven will take you through the details. But it's quite complex, so we set it out in our Butler Schein Board meeting yesterday, and we spent at least 45 minutes trying to figure this all out. And it is very complex. And I think there are all sorts of dialogue on the Wall Street on this area that's not quite accurate.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: All right. I appreciate those details. Maybe if I could ask you, Stan, one more follow-up. I was kind of curious about your comments you made with respect to some innovation within the scanner industry. It kind of sounds like with this new kind of 3M relationship, that's a new strategy I guess for Henry Schein. Does it -- are you worried about it sort of cannibalizing maybe your relationship with E4D in terms of front-end scanning? And you mentioned it's at a pretty interesting price point. Are you willing to share what the price point is of that new scanner and how do you think that maybe sort of disrupts the competitive continuum within that space?
Stanley M. Bergman: The first thing is I want to be very, very, very careful to start a competitive dialogue through Wall Street analysts between one manufacturer and another, so -- because we have seen this in dentistry. It's a very small industry and all sorts of positions can be taken by analysts, and it's not a good thing. It's not good for the dentist and it's not good for our industry. First, let may lay the philosophical background. Henry Schein has been in the solutions business for years and years and years. Over 2 decades ago, we saw that there was an opportunity in the practice solutions in the software area. There were 800 or 900 different systems in the early 90s. Henry Schein backed one, Easy Dental, and whether it was the best software or not, I can't tell you. But what I can tell you it was the best solution and I think we brought automation to the dental office. We then did the same in the electronic record medical arena for dentists with the Windows product of Dentrix. Whether it was the very best software or not, I cannot tell you. But what I can tell you it was the best solution. And supported by Henry Schein, having helped this simplified way of viewing it but a help that’s available to practitioners and making automation of the practice easy. It's the same philosophy we have on the practice solutions area. We implemented. We outlined and installed a practice solutions -- global practice solutions enterprise about a year ago, and we've taken some of our best managers, and I covered that in the last call, and put them into this area. We are more interested in the solution than any one's particular software or any one's particular hardware. At the end of the day, we want to bring the digitalization of the impression and related prosthetic activity, whether its movement of data to a laboratory or movement of data chairside, moving of a crown or bridge, whether it's in a traditional prosthetics area or in the implant area. The total solution is what we are interested in. And that's what we have built our dental business around. So having said that, at this moment in time, there are 3 broad areas to be focused on, amongst other things. There is the scan, there is the software and there is the mill for chairside and also having applicability in the laboratory space. We are working with many manufacturers, some manufacturers in one country, some manufacturers in another country. And at the end of the day, our job is to bring the total solution. In this context, we have been working with 3M for a long time. We also work with other manufacturers in Europe, for example. But then you asked about 3M, particularly. 3M has invested in a scanner, but 3M has also invested in D4D. We about 1.5 year ago, could even be 2 years ago, started dialogue with 3M to see if we could take their scanner and integrate it with the D4D software, which will turn this integrator with a mill. And we've brought together I think what is a terrific offering at a great price point. But for the scan we think that the D4D software is quite advanced, I don't want to get into a debate if it's better for worse. It's best to ask a dentist that question or visit the greater New York meeting and make your own assessment. But we think it's a pretty good system and it may even be the best in certain regard. Certainly, the mill is very, very solid as well. And again without getting into debate through Wall Street, I think it's one of the best systems out there, if not the best for the chairside. We also offer a whole series of laboratory hardware and software, so we are focused on the solution. We will sell -- we will drive towards open technology. That is our philosophy. It's always been our philosophy. And those that want to connect to our system can connect. And those that don't want you, we believe in the end will either connect or they will have challenges because the marketplace has to dictate and not the manufacturer. So we will be open to technology and work with any manufacturer that will work with us. Our goal is to provide the best solution for the office-based practitioner for the whole prosthetics arena and, of course, tying their prosthetic solutions into our practice management software systems at a practice solution systems, in this country, Easy Dental; SOE aboard, et cetera, et cetera. Now you asked about the price of the 3M units; I don't know what it is exactly. But I think it's $10,000, $12,000. I'm not sure if the price per se is relevant. It's on the lower end relative to the quality, but when you go to the IDS show this coming year, my guess is you'll see 50 different kinds of scanning devices, maybe even more. And Henry Schein has to bring the best units to market for our customer, so that we can come up with the very best solution. And it's less about the particular device and more about the solution.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Larsen with Leerink Swann.
David Larsen - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Steve, the SG&A cost this quarter came in better than what I was looking for and it looks like a pretty decent sequential decline. Can you just comment on that? Is there any streamlining going on between North America and Europe distribution?
Steven Paladino: Sure. David, there was. Remember, we did some restructuring activities, and we are getting now the benefit of the restructuring activities, so that's, I think, the driver. We're also -- given the economic times, we're also really looking to manage our expenses very tightly. We don't have any hiring freezes or things like that, but we really justify any new hire that comes on board. We really want to make sure that we're not having our expense structure get ahead of market growth and sales growth activity, so it's really a combination of the restructuring and really trying to manage expenses very tightly, so it's both activities. And we're hopeful that we'll continue that into the next year as we do think the economic climate will continue to be choppy and difficult.
David Larsen - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Great. And then also, your global technology growth rate, 11.2%, can you just talk about that? Are you seeing any continued benefit from the high-tech act like some of the doc offices? Or is that being driven mainly to practice management solution sales of dental offices. Could you just touch on what drove that growth rate, please?
Steven Paladino: Sure. It's really not on the medical side related to EMR. We have a small business there, so it's really -- it's not that. It's really driven by our dental business, as well as we included in the value-added service part of the technology our financial services business. Both of them had very strong growth. On the technology side, it's really not driven by new units. It's really driven by additional recurring revenue activities, annual technical support, claims processing, credit card processing, things like that, billing for our customers' patients. So really, we like that because it is on the recurring revenue side and it's both domestic as well as international. And you know, if you look historically, we've had very strong growth in this area for a number of quarters. And we do expect it to continue given our platform of users, where we have really the largest global platform of users in the dental, medical and animal health -- excluding medical. Medical, there’s some bigger ones. But in dental and animal health, we certainly have the largest user base.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So Stanley, it sounds like, if I'm hearing you correctly on this call, maybe a little more focused on M&A in Medical internationally. If I look domestically, the most fragmented market across your businesses to me would seem to be Medical. And obviously, in light of the proposed acquisition in that space, I was wondering if maybe you could just comment on your appetite for consolidation or your view on consolidation of the medical distribution space, particularly in ambulatory here domestically.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. I think we are and have been committed a couple of decades now to continuing to consolidate all 3 markets: dental, medical, animal health and of course, together with value-added services, in this country and abroad. So we will continue with our strategy of acquisitions, I think we do about 20 a year, and we also will continue with our strategy of focusing resources on those areas in these markets that we think lend themselves towards internal growth. We have a very good strategic plan that we started with from January 1, 2012. And at the end of 2014, I think we know exactly what we're going to do. We've got our 3 business groups: Dental, Medical, Animal Health, as well as our practice management -- Value-Added software businesses focused on global agendas. And in that regard, I think you can expect acquisitions across the board in this country and abroad, all in pursuit of advancing the office-based practitioner business and the ambulatory business that we are focused on. I don't think we're going to stray beyond that. We may enter into dialogue and alliances with different people, but that's what we're going to focus on.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then Steve, if I could maybe just ask one a little bit around the outlook. I just wanted to see if you would be willing to share a little bit more segment-level detail behind the guidance, maybe even qualitatively. As I look at Dental specifically, this year looks like you're on pace for global internal sales growth somewhere around 3%. I was wondering based on what you're seeing today how you're expecting that to trend as we move into 2013.
Steven Paladino: Sure. Dental, I wouldn't say any major changes in dental, although we are trying to be cautious in our outlook in European dental, especially in some markets like Italy, which are going through some difficult times. I would say, when you look at Dental, Medical and Animal Health businesses, I think you'll see similar growth rates that we're expecting as over the last couple of quarters that we've gotten. There may be some minor upticks and downticks individually, but I think from a trend perspective, very similar to what we've seen over the last couple, few quarters.
Operator: We do have time for one more question from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just expanding on Bob's question. Steve and Stan, if you look across your 3 major segments, other than Italy, are you seeing any other areas where you're noticing there's deterioration or maybe even strengthening, particularly in Dental?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, I think it's sort of mixed bag, John. I don't think there's anything that's really bad other than Italy. And I don't think there's anything that's really, really good other than perhaps China. So the middle is somewhere around flat to slightly positive. So if you look at our European business, you'll see that the consumables were up by 3.4% internal growth. That definitely takes into account that we're gaining market share. Whether the market is growing by 1% or so percent, I can't tell you because the data's not available but it's not growing by 3%. And I don't think its aggregates are going backwards on the consumables side. So I think France is okay. The U.K. has challenges. We covered that before. I think we're gaining market share there. And Germany on the consumable side is okay. I think we should be more or less okay going for the balance of this year. But generally, the market on the equipment side kind of freezes until the IDS and then picks up again. That's just the way the German market works. Of course, Spain is terrible, but it's been terrible for a while, so the comparables are not that bad. There's some odd things going on in the Netherlands relative to reimbursement. I think that should be sorted out. And Australia and New Zealand, it's a funny economy. It's bifurcated. There's a part of the economy that does very well because of the commodities. In that part, we're doing well. The high-end dentists are doing quite well. And then you've got the part of the economy where people are just not keeping up because of whatever it is -- lack of employment, et cetera. And so dentists in those parts of Australia are not doing well. New Zealand is okay. And so as I'm thinking through the world, I don't see any areas that are particularly bad other than, as you pointed out, Italy and Spain. And I don't think there's any booming areas really. Canada's okay. It's been okay throughout the recession period, and so if you look at Animal Health, I think we grew internally. It's something like 6% outside of the U.S. That's definitely a growth in market share. That's definitely not the rate of growth in those markets, again the markets may be growing at 1/2 that number. So overall I think we're gaining market share. And the markets we're in are, I mean, positive territory but not hugely positive.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: That's really helpful, Stan. One last question. I don't think you've kind of talked about how the specialty dental markets are performing relative to the general dentistry. Are you seeing any interesting changes there?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. So of course, Henry Schein can't be a gauge because our market share is relatively small. But I do think, at least in the third quarter, from what our management is telling us, is that orthodontics and implants did not do well as a market. I’m just referring to Henry Schein, and even the endodontic to some extent. There was some kind of a malaise in that area in the third quarter. At least, that's what our management is telling us. We're not the biggest player. But in aggregate, we started to have several hundred million dollars of business. So I think we can talk with a little bit of authority, but we are by no means a big player in any of those markets. In specific countries like Germany in implants, we are a big player. And in endodontics in the U.S., we're a pretty good player. But generally, I don't think we are impacted that much by the economics in those particular sectors rather than the impact of a relatively small market share gaining market share. So we end up in the positive territory by and large, but having said that, I think the underlying market is not necessarily doing that well. At least, that was in the third quarter, and I think we're a little more optimistic in the fourth quarter from a market point of view. Sorry, we ran out of time. So thank you, all, for your questions. I think Steven's available at (631) 843-5915. I don't call the number that much anymore because you can walk into my office, and Susan at 5562. And of course, as usual, we'd be very pleased to entertain specific questions from those who are interested in our business. We remain optimistic about the business. Hopefully, now that we’ve left the U.S. elections behind us, there will be certainty and it will be perhaps a bit more economically positive environment. Sandy did have, of course, an impact on the business; not material. Our overall sales seems to be holding up, but I think on the one hand, I think patients are going to have a challenge going to see some doctors. But on the other hand, there will be more investment in equipment going forward. So we don't know the full impact. It's not going to be material to Henry Schein as a company, but there will be I think some impact on specific businesses and specific locations. So we're very excited about the company. We're executing well through our strategic plan. The morale is good, and I look forward to seeing some of the people on this call at the greater New York meeting at the end of this month. And if not, have a good balance of the year and a happy holiday season. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Vassallo - Vice President of Corporate Communications Stanley M. Bergman - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Executive Director
Analysts: Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Roberto Fatta S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Lawrence C. Marsh - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Second Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, Susan.
Susan Vassallo: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's second quarter results. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in, or indicated by, such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast today, August 2, 2012. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call, you please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the 1 hour we have allotted for this call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman: Good morning, everyone. And Susan, thank you very much for that introduction. Today, we are reporting growth in earnings per share of approximately 10%. While we are pleased with the performance of each of our business units, our financial results were somewhat adversely affected by foreign currency exchange, particularly relating to the euro and the Canadian dollar, by general economic conditions and by challenging prior year comparisons related to increased sales from the bi-annual IDS show in Germany. So on balance, if you take a look at our internal growth of the business in total, I think we could all agree that we're doing well as a company, gaining market share across-the-board in each of our business units in this country and abroad. Of course, the euro translation has an impact on the top line and to some extent on the middle, on the bottom line, on the operating margin side, cushioned to some extent by our opportunity to buy products at a bit of a lower price also. And we did have an impact from the Canadian dollar. We have a very nice business in Canada, also gaining market share and very profitable. But also the economic conditions, I think, in some parts of the world are impacting our growth somewhat. But in general, our ability to gain market share has enabled us to feel confident about reaffirming guidance, which you'll hear about a little later and are quite confident about the rest of the year. Of course, in Europe, our main business is our German business. And with respect to our German business, that -- we had tough comparables because we had a very, very successful IDS show last year. Having said that, we are quite confident with the strength of our German business. There are no major concerns relative to reduction of reimbursement in the German dental market, so we continue to be very pleased not only with our traditional business, but of course, with our Camlog business as well. Yet of course, despite these factors, we are pleased to be reaffirming our financial guidance. Steven will address that a little later. In recent weeks, we have completed a couple of small-ish acquisitions, I think in total about $60 million. As compared to close to a $9 billion business, it's not material from a sales point of view, but very, very important from a strategic point of view. We have a strategic plan, 2012 to '14, which calls for us to complete certain blank spots. And these acquisitions help us advance the closing of these blank spots and filling them in. And therefore, pursuing the strategic policy and priority that is contained in our strategic plan. Of course, these acquisitions will enable us to reach more practitioners, but more importantly, in markets that we're not in and in products and services that we need complementary offerings for. And so these 3 little acquisitions are not material in terms of sales, certainly not material in terms of capital deployment, but important from a strategic point of view. And I'll speak about this a little later. So before I go further, I'll ask Steven now to address the financial aspects and -- of the quarter, and then I'll come back to give you a little bit more color. Thank you. Steven?
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stan, and good morning to everyone. I'm also pleased to be reporting overall solid financial results for the second quarter of 2012. I'd like to point out that our 2012 second quarter results include approximately $3.4 million pretax of restructuring costs, and that is approximately $0.03 per share. We announced this restructuring on our fourth quarter 2011 conference call. And you'll see on Exhibit B to this morning's earnings release that we have reconciled GAAP to non-GAAP income for this item. We have now completed the restructuring, and we do not expect any further cost from that program for the remainder of 2012. Turning to our financial performance. Our net sales for the quarter ended June 30, 2012 were $2.2 billion, reflecting a 3.3% increase compared with the second quarter of 2011. This consists of 6.5% growth in local currencies and a 3.2% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internal sales growth was 4.6% and our acquisition growth was 1.9%. You can see further details of our sales growth that are contained on Exhibit A of our earnings news release. Our operating margin for the second quarter of 2012 was 7%. This was a decline of 7 basis points compared to last year's operating margin for the second quarter. However, I think it's important to look at the operating margin excluding restructuring costs, which we believe is a more appropriate measure. And when looking at it that way, our adjusted operating margin for the quarter actually improved by 8 basis points to 7.2%. I also like to point out that the current year acquisitions, if we would exclude those because they initially come in at lower margins, until we can integrate and get some synergies, if we exclude those current year acquisitions also, our operating margin for the second quarter improved by 16 basis points and would have been about 7.3%. If you look at the components, our operating expenses, as a percentage of sales, again, excluding restructuring costs improved by 45 basis points as we continue to control and leverage our expense structure. This improvement was partially offset by a decline of 37 basis points in gross margin, and that's reflected mostly in our global Animal Health business where we have higher sales growth, as well as product mix where our Animal Health sales, because of certain pharmaceuticals, do carry a lower gross margin. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.2%, which is in line with our guidance and is down from 31.9% in the second quarter of last year. We expect our effective tax rate to remain in this 31% range for the remainder of the year, and we also think there's a possibility that it could be slightly lower than 31% for the balance of the year as certain tax saving initiatives are implemented, as well as earnings from lower tax jurisdictions increasing. Our net income attributable to Henry Schein for the second quarter of 2012 was $98.1 million or $1.08 per diluted share. Excluding restructuring costs, our net income attributable to Henry Schein was $100.3 million or $1.11 per diluted share and this represents an increase of 6.2% and 9.9%, respectively, compared with the second quarter of 2011. I think it's important to note that foreign exchange did have a negative impact on our EPS for the quarter, and this negative impact was approximately $0.03. So if we were just to use the same exchange rates that existed last year in the second quarter versus this year, our earnings would have been $0.03 higher for the current quarter. I think it's also important to remind people that a change in the euro exchange rate, which is our largest non-U.S. currency, a change by $0.10 on average for a quarter would have an impact by approximately $0.015 on our EPS on a quarterly basis. Let me now provide some detail on our sales results for the second quarter. Our Global Dental sales for the second quarter declined by 1.3% to $1.2 billion, but that consists of 2.6% growth in local currencies and a 3.9% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internally generated sales were up 2.1% and acquisition growth contributed about 0.5% to our growth. We believe that our overall dental sales growth exceeds the estimates for the market growth for the quarter. If we look at that 2.1% internal sales growth in local currencies in our Global Dental business, it is comprised of 3.2% growth in North America and 0.5% growth internationally. I'll give you some detail behind those figures right now. The North America 3.2% internal growth includes 1.9% growth in our Dental consumable merchandise business and 7.9% growth in our Dental equipment sales and service revenue. This equipment growth figure is particularly noteworthy as it represents the highest growth that we've had in that category in 8 quarters. And we believe the growth was driven largely by our enhanced focus on this area that we discussed on last quarter's conference call, including enhanced Privileges, promotions and attractive financing incentives. The 0.5% international internal growth included 3.4% growth in consumable merchandise and a decline in equipment sales and service revenues by 6.5%. Remember that the international dental equipment sales growth reflects a challenging prior year comparison related to the increased sales we saw last year because of the IDS show in Germany, as well as some economic challenges in Italy. If we go to our global Animal Health sales, they were $586.3 million in the second quarter. That's an increase of 11.4% and consists of 14.9% growth in local currencies, offset by a 3.5% decline in foreign exchange. If you look at our local currency growth, it was 8.7% internally generated and acquisition growth contributed another 6.2%. If we further break down our growth between North America and international, the 8.7% internal growth in local currencies included 14.2% growth in North America and 3.4% international growth. We believe the North American Animal Health growth was fueled by strong flea and tick product sales this quarter. We also believe that we continue to gain market share in our global Animal Health business for the quarter. Now turning to our Global Medical sales, they were $361.1 million in the second quarter. That's a 5.9% increase and represents components of local currency growth of 6.6%, which was all internally generated and a 0.7% decline related to foreign currency. That 6.6% internal growth includes 7.2% growth in North America and a small decline of 2.2% in international. Again, we believe we continue to gain market share in this business segment. And remember, our North American business represents about 90% of our Medical sales total. If we look at our global Technology and Value-Added Services sales, they were $68.2 million in the second quarter. That represents a 9.8% increase, and the components are 10.6% local currency and a decline of 0.8% related to foreign currency. If we look at the local currency growth, internally generated sales were 8.6% and acquisition growth contributed an additional 2%. And within North America and international, that internal growth was 9% North America and 6.2% internationally. So looking at our stock repurchase plan, we continue to be active in repurchasing our common stock in the open market during the second quarter. Specifically, we repurchased approximately 1.6 million shares of common stock during the quarter at an average price of about $75 per share. And that represents about $118.3 million of cash. The impact of this repurchase for the quarter was really immaterial to our EPS, in fact, it was less than $0.01 per share. If we take a brief look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow, we have strong operating cash flow for the quarter of $178.5 million and that compares to $138 million last year. The components saw improvement in working capital -- that was a key driver -- and we continue to believe we'll have a very strong operating cash flow for the balance of the year and achieve our goal of having cash flow exceed adjusted net income. Looking at our accounts receivable DSO or days sales outstanding, it was about 40 days for the second quarter, and that compares to 40.6 days last year, so slight improvement. Inventory turns for the second quarter were consistent this year and last year at 6.5 turns for the second quarter. I'll just conclude my remarks by affirming our 2012 financial guidance. We expect the 2012 EPS to be in the range of $4.30 to $4.40, which represents a growth of 8% to 11% compared to 2011 results. Again, let me remind people that 2012, our fiscal year has 1 less week than 2011. And as always, our 2012 guidance is for current continuing operations, as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions, but does not include any impact that there may be for any future acquisitions. So with that summary, I'd like to turn it back over to Stan.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Steven. So let me review the highlights from the second quarter for the 3 business units. You know we now have our 3 global business units, the Global Dental business unit, the global Animal Health business unit, the Global Medical business unit, which is primarily a business unit focused in North America at this time, and -- or shall we say, the U.S. and then, of course, there's a fourth unit, the 3 verticals, and then there's horizontal units of Technology and Value-Added Services, which is global in nature, but supports our Global Dental, Animal Health and Medical groups. So let's talk about the Global Dental to start with. We believe that we continue to gain, as noted early in my opening remarks, market share, and I think Steven reaffirmed that, the market share in our Global Dental business during the quarter, with particular strength in the North American equipment business, as we mentioned earlier. The dental specialty markets are important components in our growth, and we recently strengthened our global orthodontic business with the acquisition of Ortho Technology. So we are building a nice orthodontic business. We started out Ortho Organizers, added on a couple of businesses there to expand the offering, and the Ortho Technology gives us more products and certainly more sales. And it's a nice market that's complementary to our overall Henry Schein dental business. The Ortho Technology business offers a complete line of orthodontic supplies and serves approximately 10,000 customers worldwide. So it's a relatively small business with a lot of customers, and the opportunity to increase sales to these customers is there because we have the penetration but we didn't -- in terms of access to customers, but we have relatively small amounts of sales to each of these customers. The business will be complementary, of course, to Ortho Organizers, which we acquired in March of 2009. The business has done very well for us, and that, as our shareholders know, those that are close to us, Ortho Organizers largely serves general practice dentist professionals, while Ortho Technology sells products primarily to orthodontists. So we have a nice mix of customers here that we're now positioned to introduce our broad offering in the Ortho line to. We envisage multiple synergies between these 2 organizations, including leveraging Ortho Organizers' manufacturing capabilities. They manufacture certain products and do a good job at that and Ortho Technologies' aesthetic brackets and a best-in-class direct marketing expertise, Good opportunity. With this transaction, we are further penetrating what is a $1.25 billion global orthodontics market with a company that has been gaining share for several years. Ortho Technology is based in Tampa, Florida, was founded in 1991 and has approximately 19 Team Schein Members. The sales for 2011 were $24 million, not a lot in the context of a 9-or-so-billion-dollar Henry Schein business, but very, very important strategically. We plan to promote the company as part of the Henry Schein portfolio of orthodontics companies, as I noted. In addition, we have a plan to expand our presence in Asia. We've, I think, done very well in North America, of course, in Europe. Asia is a market that presents lots of opportunity, rapidly growing market in terms of population. The middle class is growing, and it's in this context that we made a decision a couple of years ago that we wanted to expand into the Asian market and pursued a joint venture with the Accord company. This transaction establishes our presence in Thailand in a leadership position and can serve as our -- and will, of course, service as our anchor for further expansion in Asia. Thailand is the 26th country in which Henry Schein now operates. Now of course, Thailand in itself is not that material from a global point of view, but Accord is the premier distributor in Southeast Asia, a long history. We've worked with Mrs. Suchada, the CEO of the company, for almost 20 years in different ways. We know the company very well and the facility, the capacity to do education and work for our suppliers in that part of the world is terrific, and the reputation of Accord is terrific. The Thai dental market is the fifth largest in Asia. It's estimated to be about $100 million annually. The rest of the Southeast Asia market is about a $150 million market opportunity, again this is from a dental point of view, but it's also growing rapidly. Accord is based in Bangkok, it's Thailand's leading full-service dental distributor. The company was founded in 1976, has approximately 115 team members, including 45 -- almost half of the company represent -- is in the field sales area, and the 45 field and then another dozen or so in telesales, so about half of the company is focused on sales and services 5,000 customers. Among the many brands Accord carries are a number of exclusives, many -- in fact all of them, were key suppliers of Henry Schein, in general. The company in 2011 had sales of about $15 million, relatively small, but very important in our strategic plan to expand our presence in Asia. Accord was owned by the Charnsethikul family -- I always get that -- have trouble with that, and Mrs. Suchada is much easier for me to pronounce. We acquired 75% of the company, and the founding family will retain the remaining 25%. Part of our general strategy has always been to enter into new markets, whether it's new products or new geographies, with partners. Accord is operated by Mrs. Suchada, who is in her second term as President of the Thai Dental Trade Association. Ask anyone about Mrs. Suchada in the East Asia area and global dental market, and she will carry huge, huge credibility. And she will continue to manage Accord, and is grooming the next generation of managers as well. Accord is widely recognized as a solid, solid company with great management. Mrs. Suchada is one of the most respected leaders in the Asian dental community, and enjoys extensive relationships with distributors in other countries and key manufacturers. And of course, we're very, very excited and -- to have entered this joint venture. We have an Asian team that we started putting together about 4 or 5 years ago and are doing well. The joint venture in Hong Kong is doing extremely well. We're the largest player in that market from a dental point of view, and now Thailand, and we continue to roll out our Chinese strategy, which is making progress, but of course, quite challenged. China is a large market, huge opportunity, and we continue to advance our strategy there, too, with the recent Thai acquisition complementing the Hong Kong joint venture. In June, we held our 17th annual Dental National Sales Meeting and concurrently celebrated the 15th anniversary of creating Sullivan-Schein, which is now known as Henry Schein Dental. Of course, bringing those companies together with mere dental had its challenges. Bottom line is, it's the largest distributor of dental products in the world, very profitable, with a superb management team. 2,000 Team Schein Members gathered in Florida with our key suppliers who attended and did a really terrific job, the largest gathering of its kind in the world, included training and education sessions, valuable opportunity for our sales representatives to share best practices amongst themselves. We had a nice contingency from our international group coming to learn, share best practice, and of course, everyone spending time with our key supplier representatives. Always good for investors that want to get a feel for what happens at one of these events, to have a discussion going on about our suppliers, maybe more of them, 1 or 2, and 3, even more, and find out how well these meetings go. And this meeting was really superb. It prepares us, of course, for the rest of the year and particularly for the selling season, which begins towards the end of this quarter and it's heavy in the fourth quarter. At this year's meeting, we launched a new program called Likable Dentists. This is a Facebook marketing solution that assists dentists and dental practices in using social media critical to the future of dental practices, to build their brand and engage with existing and prospective patients. Our launch of Likable Dentists is a prime example of our commitment to finding innovative solutions that help our customers' practices evolve along with the times, very, very important, so social media and capitalize on the increasing importance of e-commerce in the dental market. So very, very excited with what's happening on the Global Dental side. We are, by far, the biggest dental company in the world, almost $5 billion, or just around $5 billion of sales. We're gaining market share, making progress on our strategic plan. We've got a great management team that is aligning behind the strategic plan in a very nice way. And we've got depth of management in all parts of the world and many, many opportunities, lots of blanks in terms of product offerings and geographies, and we are executing, and there's much more to come this year and next year and the following year as we execute the plan. So let's now turn to the Global Animal Health business. This business continues to make impressive gains in the market in terms of market share and particularly in North America. As our shareholders recall, 2010 was the integration year of this joint venture, it's created the Butler Schein business in the U.S. 2011, we made really good progress in terms of market share, and that progress continues in 2012. During the second quarter, we completed our acquisition of the AUV Veterinary Services business. I discussed AUV at length during our previous conference call. But as a reminder, this transaction brings us a leading presence in the Netherlands and Belgium and advances our pan-European strategy of providing Animal Health practitioners across the continent with products and services needed to operate more efficient practices and deliver high-quality care. The key here is that we are almost in a position to go to our major suppliers and say, "We will take care of your products, major, and of course, other emerging suppliers across Europe as we've done on the dental side." So there's some more blanks on the map that need to be filled out. We will make good progress in that area, I'm quite convinced, and we'll create Europe -- we are today, Europe's largest Animal Health distributor, but we will create a unique, unique presence that our manufacturers will turn to, and moving us from a market that is more or less a logistics distribution market to one in which we will bring Animal Health Value-Added Services to our veterinary customers in Europe in a similar way to the way we've done it in North America and on the dental side in Europe -- North America in Animal Health and the way we've done it on the dental side in Europe. I'd like to remind you that AUV's business currently has an operating margin of 1% and will negatively impact our consolidated worldwide operating margin going forward. No different, by the way, to the Demedis deal of several years ago and I think we've shown very good results there on the dental side. While we look forward to the opportunity to improve margins at AUV over the next few years, we estimate this acquisition will negatively impact our consolidated operating margins for the second half of the year by approximately 10 basis points. Having said this, I think the Animal Health business presents huge opportunity for Henry Schein as the only global distributor in the space, and I think we are creating a terrific asset for -- which all goes towards creating shareholder value. So now on the medical side. Let me -- our Global Medical business, really 90% North America and really U.S.-based. Our continued impressive growth in that -- in this business during the second quarter, which is on the heels of market share gains now for quite a while, is really due to the increased penetration of the integrated delivery networks, larger group practices and of course, the ambulatory surgery center, as well as solid growth in sales and pharmaceutical products and medical equipment. I think we've mentioned this to shareholders in the past, we've conducted a strategic plan about 4.5 years ago to determine which areas of this market we wanted to focus on from a specialty point of view and how we were going to access these new emerging delivery networks, the integrated networks to the different kinds of large group practices, ambulatory health care is growing in importance. So different ways to address that. And so the second component part, how to address this opportunity in terms of the way in which practice of medicine is conducted was addressed through the establishment of our health care services group, which is doing extremely well in penetrating these newer kinds of health care delivery networks. Another recent acquisition was the Modern Laboratory, MLS deal. This transaction reflects our continued commitment to the physician clinical laboratory market, a very important little market, but very profitable and strengthens our position on the U.S. West Coast, which is an area of exciting growth. In fact, MLS is one of the leading distributors in Western U.S. of products and services for the POL, physician office laboratory. The products are laboratory equipment supplies. MLS represents many of the most important suppliers in the clinical laboratory business including serving as exclusive distributor for the Siemens' Dimension chemistry analyzer product on that side of the country and complements our business on the East side of the U.S. Sales were $22 million, but the sales are not anywhere reflective of the huge opportunity from a strategic point of view. So sales are modest, but the strategic benefit is quite large when connected to our U.S. sales and distribution channel, where with this product offering, we will be able to penetrate further into the market. Having said that, MLS does have approximately 700 customers, 36 team members. The company was founded in 1984 in an entrepreneurial way, based in Bakersfield, California. The entrepreneurs that founded the business will continue with us as is customary in many of these kinds of relationships at Henry Schein. Stan Sherrill, CEO and co-owner, a terrific, terrific knowledgeable individual in this market, will join Henry Schein as the West Coast Lab Sales Manager; and Bob Ward, President and co-owner also a great, great entrepreneurial manager, who will fit very well into our entrepreneurial culture, will continue to oversee their MLS business to the U.S. military bases in U.S. territories. These are nice opportunities to leverage not only the MLS business per se, but leverage Henry Schein's other products into these markets. The transaction also advances our goal of gaining market share and adding knowledgeable key -- a key component part, knowledgeable management through strategic acquisitions within important product areas and niche areas. So now that's the dental, the Animal Health and the medical global businesses. Let me now turn to -- those are our 3 major verticals. To the horizontal that crosses the business unit, the global Technology and Value-Added Services business unit, that covers the vertical supporting all 3 horizontal businesses. This business is primarily a technology software-related services and also financial services. The performance of this group continued to be solid during the second quarter, with strong internal growth in the United States, bolstered by strategic acquisitions. The acquisition is, again, not material from a sales point of view, not even material from a dollars and cents put to work point of view, capital deployed, shall we say, but much more important from a strategic point of view. More than 85% of Technology and Value-Added Services revenue is derived from North America at this time. The goal is to expand that globally, and quarterly results include a particular strength in recurring revenue streams on both the technology side and as well as, by the way, on the financial services side of the business. So I think you can see there's a lot of good things happening here at Henry Schein. We're gaining market share. We're focused on increasing our operating margin from our existing portfolio, putting on top of that newer businesses where there's lots of opportunity to increase the margin, and so we are executing on our strategic plan with the 3 global verticals, with a global technology and a financial services, value-added services horizontal working well, I would say that our global services part of the business, that's our distribution, the IT, the human resources, the supply chain, all of that is doing very well as we globalize our business. We've been doing that for the past decade. We have a terrific management team supporting the sales and marketing part of the business and great strategies, and are executing, I think, in a way that is very good. Seasoned management team doing a great job is complemented by lots of additional members of the team who are being integrated nicely in general. So before we take questions, I'd like to touch on the recent U.S. Supreme Court ruling upholding key provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, better known as health care reform. As we all know, there are likely to be changes to this law before it goes into effect. And in fact, this particular legislation will mature, like all major legislation in American history, it will mature over the next decade, but believe that the overriding goal of expanding access to health care with a focus on preventative care in the primary care physician office and alternate care setting, is a net positive for Henry Schein. Yes, there will be challenges. The first line of defense for many Americans remains the emergency room in the hospital. That will change over time and be moved to the physician office and alternate care setting. Who pays for that is the big debate, but I think it is clear that the physician will play a more important role in the primary care setting, that preventative care will be important. These are all areas that Henry Schein has been focused on now for a long time. And I think we are ideally positioned to advance our business into this new environment that will unfold over the next decade or so and sooner. While there'll be a cost pressure to contain the use of certain higher-priced procedures, devices, therapeutics, we don't see this having much of an impact in the end on Henry Schein, like -- very similar, by the way, on the dental side where we have our special markets business. Yes, we are dealing with a more sophisticated customer, but a more sophisticated customer is also able to get greater compliance with formularies and the like. And so as the market transforms, I think it will be to our benefit for business, for a business that was primarily business to small business to -- in the medical world to transform into small -- into an environment of business to proficiently run larger enterprises, which gives us opportunity to work with those suppliers that are committed to this market to advance our mutual business. And there is a challenge with the new tax that will be levied on manufacturers of medical devices. The market will adjust over time. But there's a lot of system work needed to comply. There's a lot -- going to be a lot of challenges with customers understanding why prices are going up, not too dissimilar with some of the legislation relative to the pharma industry where we have to track lots going back to who manufactured the product. I think Henry Schein developed very good systems in this area. It was a challenge for the industry, but I believe the Henry Schein systems that we have today are really a barrier to entry for many smaller players. So I think we will see consolidation on this market, both on the distribution side, probably on the manufacturing side, but also definitely on the customer side. And I think we are well positioned to -- specifically on the medical side, but there is even some dental opportunity to advance the business during -- and the changes that will be advanced in the health care arena in the next decade with some significant changes in the near-term. Of course, we consider the -- there's no doubt we have to consider the general economic conditions in the markets we serve. There's definitely somewhat of an impact. Things are a little different to they were, perhaps 2 or 3 quarters ago, but I think Steven has adequately taken this into account, and reaffirming our guidance in the traditional, conservative way in which he has approached guidance and reconciliation to our internal budgets. So having said this, we do see a positive impact from the fact that more people are expected to seek routine and preventative medical services, both in the medical world, in the dental world, with more physician activity going to take place, movement away from the acute care setting into the physician space. The higher traffic that will, over time, emerge in the physician space primarily in the primary care area, I think is good for Henry Schein in the long run. Of course, we have to budget changing the dynamics, which is reinforcing one part of the business while sunsetting to some extent other parts of the business, it's all areas that I think our team is well, well, ready to adjust. Any time we have earned significant change dynamics, there are opportunities and there are challenges, of course. And I think we are well positioned to take advantage of that. We have, I think, a very good portfolio of businesses, dental, medical, Animal Health and geographies. And I think we are well positioned, of course, not without the usual business risk, but I think this management team here has shown over the decades that these kinds of risks can be monetarized for the benefit of our shareholders. So with that in mind, Steven and I are ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Glen Santangelo with Crédit Suisse.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just wanted to ask a quick question about the consumables business. When I look at what the experience or what you guys posted in Europe, clearly, probably a little bit faster than what I would have expected. And then if I look into U.S., probably a little bit slower than what I would have expected. And is that kind of -- was that in line with your expectations, or were you surprised as well?
Stanley M. Bergman: That's a good question, Glen. I think you really have to be very careful in measuring one quarter as stand-alone. I mean, last quarter, we cautioned that maybe the numbers were a little too high, this -- and it was not reflective of the markets nor of our market share gain. And I think this quarter, one has to be careful to draw conclusions from the quarter as to whether the strength -- the underlying strength of the market is reflected in the numbers. One thing is for sure, we have checked with our major manufacturers, and I think that you can do the crosschecking yourself, we continue to gain market share. And so at the same time, I would not draw a conclusion that Henry Schein is gaining market share, albeit modest market share, but we are gaining market share in the key products. I would not draw the conclusion that because Henry Schein's gaining market share and Henry Schein's internal growth was not as strong as the previous quarter, that the market is really challenged. I think that would be too narrow a view. So it would be very hard for me to predict the next quarter, but I think one has to have a much more nuanced view than to conclude that the first quarter, the market was racing ahead, and the second quarter, it's going in a completely different direction. I think the dental market is a solid market. I speak to dentists. In most parts of the country, they're feeling good. There are parts of the country where they're not feeling as good, and there are parts of the country where they're ecstatic. So we're in a solid business, and I think we have to be careful to draw conclusions from one quarter versus another and take a more long-term view.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I appreciate that. You mind if I just ask one more follow-up question on the Animal Health business? The company continues to post pretty solid results there. And Steve, you've called out flea & tick sales now for a number of quarter. I'm kind of wondering how long can that continue. And then I recognize your comments that you're gaining market share within that business. Maybe could you assess what you think that market is growing organically so we can sort of put it in a little bit better context?
Steven Paladino: Well, on the flea & tick, remember, this is primarily a seasonal product. It will continue through the summer months. And then when it gets to the winter time, it generally tails off. It's a seasonal product, as I said. Basically, the season started earlier this year than from prior years. Again because we had a very mild winter. And that caused parasites on animals to start quicker. It's difficult to measure the overall market. We think the overall market is somewhere in the mid-single digit growth range. And again, we're growing at least 2x that. I'm not sure where the market share is coming from because some of the other big players are also performing well, so I guess it's coming from the smaller players. And right now there's still a lot of momentum in our veterinary business.
Stanley M. Bergman: Glen, just to be sure, I don't know how many quarters any company could sustain 14%. I think that was the number of internal growth rate. So we're not counting on that. We would hope that our Animal Health people continue to gain market share, and -- but I think it's unrealistic to expect those kinds of numbers to be posted going forward on a regular basis. I think because of our unique platform that has come together, we have the widest variety of products. I think we have a great sales organization, terrific delivery, a great brand. And so I think you can expect us to continue to gain market share at this point. The globalization of our business there has huge opportunity. But, I think, to expect 14% growth in any one quarter going forward on a regular basis, I think, is certainly something we can't count on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just digging into your comments about Dental equipment and consumables and looking at the overall internal growth. It seems like you've had continued strength, obviously, in Dental equipment. I was hoping maybe you could share a little bit more detail around the category that you're specifically seeing the most growth. And then taking a step back and looking at the global picture, seems like a fairly wide disparity between the North American equipment growth and the international growth. Just any more insight on the differences there that you could share would be helpful.
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, first of all, Steven is going to give you the categories, but let me just give you 2 macro points. The first is that I think we've pointed out that the -- in our first quarter call, that the first quarter sales were a little bit depressed because some of the backlog got shipped, some of that in the U.S. in the -- or were going to be shipped in the second quarter. That took place. So on the one side, I think the second quarter -- the first quarter was a little depressed, and the second quarter, I think, is a bit more on the positive side than one would expect to continue. On the flipside, you have Europe where we had tremendous growth in our #1 equipment market, #1 by far, Germany because of the IDS and now, we had very good growth, we think, in terms of market share in Germany. But it's on the heels of these comparables. So again, I think one must be very, very careful in drawing conclusions from one quarter to another. And so Steven will give you the exact categories where we've done well, and I'd be very careful to conclude that because we've done well in one quarter, it's a trend. But I think Steven will give you a trend line thinking as well. And we remain, by the way, quite positive about our dental business. We think we have a very good offering on both sides of the Atlantic and have further realigned that offering recently. But why don't you, Steven, talk about...
Steven Paladino: Sure, sure. So our equipment growth by category was pretty broad-based this quarter. In North America, we had very strong traditional equipment growth. Again, we said that we were going to focus on it last quarter. We felt that there were opportunities there in the marketplace. And we were able to capitalize on that. But the leading grower for us was the CAD/CAM or E4D segment. That was our fastest growing category within the high tech segment. It's been our fastest-growing category for a little while now. We would expect that to continue. But again, I would say that North America was very broad-based on our equipment sales growth. If you look at international, Bob, I think it's important to remember the IDS trade show. This is not unexpected to have a very difficult comparison with the strong equipment sales, especially in the Germanic countries last year in Q2. So that was the primary reason why equipment sales growth internationally was not strong. So it's really the comparison. The other thing that is impacting it is the Italian market. The Italian market, because of the overall economy, equipment is down somewhat in the market. We're actually doing better than the market, both on equipment and consumables, but we still have the reality of the Italian market. So hopefully, that provides some additional color to you.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: No, it does. It's very helpful. Actually, if I could just follow up on that, Steve. So within the CAD/CAM space, you mentioned E4D obviously being the strongest growth in North America. Is that, in large part, do you feel because of share shift, or do you feel that this category is finally starting to pick up broader acceptance? And then if I could just sneak one in on Medical, impressive North American growth, especially in this market. I was wondering if you could maybe just parse out for us underlying market growth versus maybe some share shifts within North America and Medical?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, Bob, I think what is very, very, very important here is that we don't use these investor calls to put one supplier against another. We have to be very careful. So let me talk about CAD/CAM. The CAD/CAM market, globally, has good opportunity. And the market, I think, will grow nicely. I think as dentists understand the importance of this product, there will be more opportunity. Henry Schein was precluded from the CAD/CAM market in the U.S. for about 2 decades. So we didn't have the product to sell. So we are now selling this product and perhaps our own customers did not buy the CAD/CAM product until they saw Henry Schein had an offering. We started offering the product, and I'm not sure if it's market share that we've taken from another manufacturer or not, what I can tell you is that for us, we are growing, and we'll continue to grow. We saw exactly the same in the sensor market. Henry Schein, for a long time, didn't have a good sensor. And when we had a good sensor and made it available to our customers, in collaboration with Danaher, the DEXIS sensor, we have done well. And I don't want to talk about whether we're #1 or #2 because depending on how you define it, we are #1 or #2. Is it units, is it sales, is it a quarter? The bottom line is, I think we have grown from virtually nothing in the sensor business to a significant player in the United States, albeit with the support, and terrific support of Danaher, and I think we will do the same in the CAD/CAM space. This is no different to the chair story, where we didn't have a chair many years ago. And we partnered with Pelton & Crane to bring the Pelton & Crane chair to market. That business was subsequently bought by Danaher. And today, we are a significant player in the chair business, chairs, units and lights. So I don't know if it's coming from somebody else or if the market's growing. To put one manufacturer against another doesn't make sense. What I can tell you is we do very well with CAD/CAM in Europe. In Germany, in particular, I think we're, by far, the biggest player. And we have a different product in Germany to the one we have in the U.S. And what's important is the service behind it, and the value that we, as a distributor, can bring to our customers. The product is important. I think we have a very good product here. We have a good product in Europe as well. The most important thing is how does that product fit into the practice and what can we do to help the practitioner run a better business so they can provide better clinical care. And I think we do that part better than anyone else. As it relates to the medical marketplace, well, I think I've covered it in my remarks. Four or 5 years ago, we undertook a study to determine what specialties would be important from a product purchase point of view and from a value-added service point of view in terms of selling services to the customer. We also conducted an in-depth study on the areas we needed to beef up within Schein to service the emerging areas of dental delivery -- of medical delivery. And we created a health care services group. I think that group is the best in the marketplace, not because it's a Schein group. There was -- they struggled 3 years ago, 4 years ago when they started out. It was quite frankly, the GPOs and the big groups didn't even know who we were because we were servicing the small guys. Today, we are well known in that area, and I think our team is doing a good job. And I think we're taking market share across the board, not only from one distributor, but I think in general, because the marketplace realizes that although, yes, there are hospital suppliers that could offer in theory the full line, we have unique capabilities. And after one distributor or another is tested, it's understood that Henry Schein has tools that are great in this area, but they're not as great as they're going to be. We're investing a lot of money in this area.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair.
Roberto Fatta: This is actually Robbie Fatta in for John today. Just to go back to organic growth, realizing that the first quarter was maybe a bit of an anomaly and the second quarter isn't really indicative of a trend, is it fair to say that growth will be in between those numbers going forward, maybe in the 4% to 5% or maybe even a little bit higher than that range, or what's an appropriate expectation for organic growth going forward?
Stanley M. Bergman: Robbie, the one thing one cannot do -- and it's not you only, but it's Wall Street in general, we cannot give you any guidance within basis points of the market share growth and how we expect to do. The bottom line is, analyst data doesn't exist for dentistry. There is so much being written in this area, and it's all over the place within a range. So I think we can conclude that dentists are doing quite well relative to the marketplace. I think one can conclude that there is a growing demand for dentistry, the public is becoming more and more aware. Are dentists going to be subject to some price pressure and therefore, may be looking for lower-priced products? Some of them will be. Are they going to look for more generics, which carry a lower selling price but a higher margin? Yes. The bottom line is we are investing in dentistry because we believe this is a great industry, lots and lots of upside in this country and abroad. To give you a precise number as to whether it's going to be between last quarter and this quarter, I think, it would be irresponsible. How could anyone give you that answer? We don't know. But what we do know is the trends are okay. Dentists are feeling good. They are under price pressure. There are certain plans emerging that are bringing more traffic to sit in their chair, albeit at a lower price. Capitation is alive and well. The growing group practice movement is out there, although some of the practices are doing well, others are not. I think a large part of Henry Schein's growth is coming from the group practices. But they're under pressure, too. There's private equity going in there, they want lower prices. Bottom line is, I think Henry Schein is positioned to take advantage of these dynamic changes on the heels of a market that is relatively stable compared to where it was, for example, in October 2008.
Roberto Fatta: Fair enough. And if I could just ask one more on margins. In the second half, can you frame for us the impact of your other recent acquisitions? I know you talked about AUV being about a 10-basis point hit. Can you give us a sense if on a consolidated basis you still expect some expansion in the second half?
Steven Paladino: Yes, the other acquisitions, because of the size, really, will not be significant to the operating margin. It's really the AUV which, if you remember, was about $270 million in revenues. And we did say that will be about 10-basis points impact. Remember, we don't look at that as a negative. We will see significant opportunities with AUV to increase their operating margin. We feel that it will prove to be a great acquisition over time. Right now, it's right on plan to what our expectations have been. And again, we look at it as it's resetting the base of our operating margin. So I think other than AUV, the current acquisitions don't really move the needle enough. And again, we do expect to get operating margin expansion in the second half of the year also.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Guys, was the vitality in the North American Dental equipment largely a function of the backlog position you had exiting the first quarter, or did you see some better new order trends in the period? And then how did the backlog shape up exiting the second quarter? And then Steve, any chance you could break out the impact of the IDS show on the international dental equipment side?
Stanley M. Bergman: So Brandon, I think we covered this also a couple of times on the equipment. First of all, in last quarter call, we said that the number was artificially depressed because of our backlog. And I think we played that out. Our backlog, within basis points -- I don't have the exact number in front of me, Steven probably has it, if it's worth -- if it's material to even go through that, is not too different to what it was last year. I mean, it's within a range. So basically, the Dental equipment market took a deep dive in 2009, end of 2008, 2009, started recovering in 2010 and '11. And I think we're in the same place today. I think some of the equipment, take the sensors, there's more of them, but that's at a lower price, E4D is growing. I think one quarter, we get a lot more traditional equipment; one quarter, we don't. I would say it's a pretty stable market. There's 2 good things that are working in our favor, one is interest rates are extremely low. We have great deals in that area. I don't think we have any deals that are materially different to others, perhaps it's just we don't mark up our money as much as others do, but it's quite stable and very low prices in terms of money. Money is readily available. I think 90% of all leases are quickly approved, and we've got 5% we got to go look and scrounge and then it's 5% that are not typical patterns in the post-2011 period. Yes, there were -- cash was available much easier prior to 2008 but at a higher rate. Now it's available a little less, but readily available, at a slightly lower rate -- or quite a bit lower rate, shall we say. So I think the finances are there. And then we've got the accelerated depreciation, which is going to help us again in the fourth quarter. So it's hard to tell you exactly what the growth rates are going to be, but it's a positive market. So there's absolute great reason to buy a CAD/CAM machine. I think there's still 60% on the market that doesn't have sensors. That market is going to go towards sensors -- kind of, if sensors is going to be this year or next year, I can't tell you. I think from a Henry Schein point of view, adding Planmeca becomes a plus. Planmeca is the #1 in the industry for the 2D panoramic and general panoramic machines. These are all exciting areas, so I think this all bodes well for Schein. But again, the trading range we're talking about in terms of growth is so finite that it's -- it would be, I think, it would be foolhardy for Steve and I to give you an estimate.
Steven Paladino: Yes, I completely agree. Just the second part of your question on International. When you look at it on a country-specific basis, again, the Germanic countries was down, but it was expected to be down because of IDS. That was the main reason that reflected the equipment's negative sales growth on the overall international basis. And a smaller reason was really, as I said earlier, the Italian market. The Italian market, we saw declines in the market, and our equipment sales were also -- were declining, although they declined less than the market. So those are really the 2 reasons. We think the IDS is a timing thing. Italy, I think, won't get worse, and hopefully, will improve somewhat over time. So we're feeling like the markets are still relatively stable, and our goal, as always, is to grow faster than whatever the underlying market growth is.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, I'll move on. I believe GSK recently started initial shipments of the flu vaccine for the upcoming season. At this stage, do you have a view on how you expect [ph] the actual shipments to fall between the third and fourth quarter? And then how is your sell-through pricing shaping up relative to last year if you have a view at this stage?
Steven Paladino: Okay. So it's still very, very, very early. So I'm happy to give you our guess, and I really will say it's a guess because we're totally reliant on when we get product from the manufacturers. But my guess is that product will come early similar to last year in the market. So it may be a little bit more weighted towards Q3 than Q4. But really, I would be very cautious on that because we really just don't know, and what we're happy to do on the Q3 conference call, as we've done historically, is we'll talk about what we shipped that quarter and we'll -- since we're releasing partially into Q4, we'll probably know the bulk of what we will have shipped for the whole year. And we always are very transparent on that and provide that detail. Pricing, no major -- pricing is still early also to be -- but I'm not seeing any major changes from pricing also at this time. Again I just want to repeat, it is still very early in the process.
Operator: Your next question comes from Larry Marsh from Barclays.
Lawrence C. Marsh - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. Maybe just get you elaborate on 2 of your prepared comments, Stanley, and first is, it strikes me that last November when you gave guidance, you had sort of called out some uncertainties in Europe. And it feels to me that, that's kind of coming to fruition as you sort of talk about it. So I don't think that's a surprise to you guys. I think you specifically said Germany is still very strong, the comps versus last year on equipment are down. But maybe as you think about Germany, Stanley, when you say strength in the market, as you think about that, is that still a business that you believe you can grow at market over the next couple of years? And again as you think about IDS for 2013, is this going to be as big a deal as normal given the environment, or it's always a big deal?
Stanley M. Bergman: Actually, Larry, you're asking a question that we ask internally on a regular basis. I mean, we ask this question at our monthly meeting with our German team and then every third day on the e-mail just to validate the answer. I'm being a little facetious here. But you're in the right area. You're asking a good question. So the only thing I can say, and I don't want to set a precedent in these calls, by the way, for what I'm about to say. All I can tell you is, we develop budgets. They get -- they start being developed, I think, in June or July, right Steven? When do we start up?
Steven Paladino: We're just starting now.
Stanley M. Bergman: Now, right? So we're starting now. And then we have the grand meeting in Europe, I think, is in October, when Steven gets together with all the managers. What I can tell you is the German business is delivering in accordance with budget. No one knew -- and I don't want to start referring to budgets on future businesses because I don't think it's germane to go into budgets on all of our businesses. But the point here that I'm trying to address is, we did expect that something would give, whether it was too high comparables in the previous year versus potential for this year, the foreign exchange issue, perhaps the fact that the Germans were already getting a little excited about having to fund the rest of Europe, we didn't expect any reimbursement adjustments in Germany. That's too politically a hot potato. No one wants to mess around with a dentist reimbursement. It's insignificant. And everyone in Germany takes advantage of this. So it's different to going after hospitals and drug companies. So that was something that we didn't take into account. Having said that, I think the business is growing. I know the business is growing and is more or less in the plus column, delivering in accordance with expectations. We had a management change about 1 year and plus -- 1.5 years ago, which has gone very well. We've got great management. I think there's opportunity to grow on the equipment side, but I think there's huge opportunity to grow on the consumable side. We have a very important equipment presence and our consumable presence is not as good as our equipment because if you'll recall, the genesis of our major part of our business in Germany extends from the former Siemens Dental. And so our team are extremely good at equipment. At the same time, our team is more comfortable sometimes selling $150,000 product or EUR 100,000 product than may perhaps going after the disposables. So we have built plans in, in the last 2 or 3 years to do that. I think there's opportunity to go after the consumable business, the specialty business. So I think the German market is relatively stable, but our opportunity for growth is quite good. So that goes right into the IDS question. I think if the manufacturers continue to come up with good products, I think our major manufacturers, the ones that I'm in dialogue with, seem to have good plans for new products. They launch those new products at IDS. I'm not sure we'll have huge growth, but we'll have growth.
Lawrence C. Marsh - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And maybe a quick follow-up for Steve. I just want to make sure I'm thinking of FX right. I think you had said $0.03 this quarter that you fought through. So does that suggest -- in my mind, that's going to be at least $0.03 a quarter, Q3 and Q4, maybe even a little bit more. So you're confirming the guidance is despite this big negative headwind on FX. Is that the right way to think about it? And what am I missing?
Steven Paladino: Well, first on the current quarter. And I'm glad you asked the question because I think -- we did say in the prepared remarks that we had $0.03 negative impact in the quarter purely related to foreign exchange. And that's just the difference between average exchange rates that existed Q2 last year versus applying the current average rate. And just to highlight that, last year, the average rate for the euro, and again, that's our biggest currency, was somewhere around $1.44 or $1.45. And this year, the current average rate for the quarter was somewhere around $1.28. So it's a big movement. And I do think it's a testament to our core business that we were able to still deliver strong growth and fight through that $0.03 headwind. The headwind, assuming again -- and I don't want to predict foreign currency rates because I don't think it's truthful and I don't think anyone really knows how, but assuming rates stay where they are, the impact will lessen because the euro did weaken last year. So if this stays the same, the impact will be lessened in Q3 and Q4. So after saying all that, I'd like to point out again that we feel confident in our guidance. We're trying to be a bit conservative on exchange rates as we sit here today, and we feel confident that we'll deliver our EPS guidance, for the year unless some really unusual thing happens in the world that we're not expecting.
Operator: We have time for one more question, and it comes from Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just a couple of follow-ups here and, Stanley, I hear what you're saying on not wanting to give us growth guidance and to focus on the big picture, I get that. But let me ask one question, if I can try to tease a couple of things out. I think we're all pretty confident that June is when dental demand really started to lighten up in the U.S. At least, that's what I'm hearing pretty clearly in my checks. I know you also pulled a lot of your sales reps out of the field that month for the sales meeting. A lot of those guys went down and enjoyed maybe a week with family in Orlando and that. How much is -- as those sales reps are now back in the field and that, the 1.9% consumables number that we saw in the third quarter or in the second quarter, is that a reasonable level to assume, or should we think about as though sales reps are back and that maybe a bit of strengthening in the next couple of quarters on that consumable side? And then also in Europe, is it fair to think of the European dental market, just in general, staying in positive territory the rest of the year, or how do you read those tea leaves?
Stanley M. Bergman: Jeff, I want to put this as diplomatically as possible because I think you're probably -- you are, I think one of the most knowledgeable analysts in the dental space. We are dealing with tens of basis points right now. And for me or for anybody in the dental industry to give you an opinion on that would be very difficult. Yes, June was an unusual month because we had our national sales meeting. And I think that always takes people out of the field. But I don't want to take that and extrapolate it for the rest of the year because it's a factor. There are other factors, too, positive and negative, mostly positive, I would say. Now as it relates to the growth rate we experienced, to extrapolate that for the rest of the year, I don't know. It would be very, very, very difficult. There are so many factors. Is there a movement from more expensive products to less expensive products? I think it could be that. How are our specialty businesses doing versus perhaps some of the mature products? What I'm quite comfortable with is, we will not lose market share and quite comfortable that we will move into positive. How much positive in market share? I don't know. I don't know if the visits to dentists are really down. What I do know is there was a good traffic into the dental office in the first quarter because of the weather. And my sense is that appointments that could have occurred perhaps a little later in the year were pulled into the first quarter because dentists probably called their customers and said, "I've got 2 extra days or 3 extra days." Let them say it this way, but they found they had 2 or 3 extra days and pulled customers in. By the way, a big driver of that is our Dentrix software, which helps them optimize the use of dental chair time. So I don't know. At the same time, I think the good weather, many say impacted positively on our Animal Health business. At the same time, the Animal Health business, I think, continues to show good numbers so -- I mean extraordinary numbers. So it's very -- we're dealing with, I think, a very narrow trading range. I don't think the market's going to go backwards, but I would be shocked if the market really grew significantly. I think we're in a stable market. I think dentists have cash. They're paying their bills on time. They are more engaged in marketing, going after patients that perhaps they wouldn't have gone after in the past and drawing more patients into the practice. I think that's good for the pie. But there's so many nuanced little differences. So it would be very hard to give you a precise number. Having said that, I do believe it's a positive industry, both in this country and in Europe. Now as for Europe, I think Germany is stable. I think France is stable. I think the U.K. has challenges, but I think we've got a great team in the U.K. -- not that we have a great team -- don't have a great team elsewhere, but this team is, I think, particularly focused right now and is winning. Italy is a problem. I mean, you read the newspaper, it's a problem. And we are the biggest and only national distributor of equipment. So we're going to have a challenge today. Spain is a problem. It's not material, but you add Spain to Italy, and it starts having some impact somewhere at Schein. But you got the anchor of Germany, and I would say Australia is, it's a nice business. I don't know what it is today, it's about 3% or 4% of Schein -- is that what it is, in dental business, something like that? Is okay, but it's definitely a bifurcated economy. The majority of the people are not doing well, but there's a lot of people in Australia that are doing well. So I would say, in my mind, I look at Australia and I say, there's some challenges maybe, but then I look at Canada, which seems to be roaring away. So I could justify many different scenarios. What I can tell you is that I will be quite surprised if we don't remain in a decent, positive environment from a Henry Schein market share growth and translating to actual organic sales. And there's lots of opportunity to manage costs in the business and lots of opportunity to expand into new markets that will generate profits in the next year or so. So I think our Dental business is quite stable to growing. Our Medical business is in good shape. We're gaining market share in a complex market. And Animal Health continues to do much better than we thought.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's very helpful, Stanley. Steve, last question...
Stanley M. Bergman: And our Technology businesses are bringing in nice profits as well. And although the sales are not material, the profits are.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Understood. Steve, just last question then. With regards to IDEX, I'm sure you don't have necessarily anything firm you can say there, but how much business do you do with IDEX outside the U.S.? And how important do you think that is in maybe maintaining that relationship on a worldwide basis?
Steven Paladino: I don't have a specific number for outside the U.S. I'd have to get back to you on that.
Stanley M. Bergman: It's not material. Outside the U.S. is not material. We had -- we work with IDEX in a couple of markets, but the market is extremely fractionalized amongst a lot of manufacturers outside of the U.S.
Steven Paladino: And just overall on IDEX, unfortunately, there's really not any important new news from the last call. We're still waiting to hear what IDEX is doing and what they're doing with the FTC. So we're hearing that sometime late August, early September, we'll hear more information. But I don't have really an update other than that. We feel -- still feel good, very good about our relationship with IDEX. So that's a positive on our side.
Stanley M. Bergman: So I'm sorry, we went over the mark today, but there really is a lot going on in the business. And I think it was well worth the extra 20 minutes or so. So thank you, everyone, for participating in the call. Steven is ready to handle additional calls. You can call Susan Vassallo in our Communications department, Gerard Meuchner in our Communications department. And I think people have the number, if not, just Steven is (631) 843-5915, and Susan, 5562. And please feel free to call. We'll be very pleased to answer questions. I think we're feeling good about the company. I just visited a number of our businesses in North America in the last 2 weeks and spent a little time before that in Europe. Heading to Europe again in the next -- doing some business there in the next month although parts of Europe are on vacation, but the parts I'll visit will not be so heavily on vacation. And the impression I have from our management coming in and out of headquarters and in the field is that the morale is good, and generally, we feel good about winning. So thank you very much for your interest, and we'll be back in 90 days.
Operator: This concludes today's Henry Schein's Second Quarter Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Vassallo - Vice President of Corporate Communications Stanley M. Bergman - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Executive Director
Analysts: Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Michael R. Minchak - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Elliot Feldman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jonathan Block - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein First Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, Susan.
Susan Vassallo: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's first quarter results. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, May 8, 2012. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call you please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for this call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman: Good morning and thank you, Susan. And thank you, everyone for joining us. Before I begin to discuss the quarter, let me just note that last night the Fortune rankings, Fortune 500 rankings were issued, and Henry Schein placed 303 in the 2012 Fortune 500 Ranking of America's Largest Corporations. We are very pleased by this recognition of our ability to record steady growth even during challenging economic times. Our steady growth in -- position on the ranking is reflective of the wonderful work that our team of over 15,000 Team Schein Members around the world has undertaken in the past 16 years as a public company. Today, we are also pleased to be reporting overall sales growth of 7.8%. This is the first quarter that we are presenting net sales results for our global customer-centric business units and each of our global Dental, Animal Health, Medical and Technology and Value-Added Services units reported growth in local currency in mid single digits or better. So I think with the new way in which we're reporting our sales with these new global verticals, it'll give our shareholders a far better ability to understand the performance of the company and align the sales reporting and the profitability reporting of the company with our strategic plan.  Based on the strength of our first quarter financial results and our continued confidence in our outlook for the rest of the year, we are increasing EPS guidance -- or our EPS guidance range for 2012. Reflecting this outlook, our Board of Directors recently voted to authorize the repurchase of up to additional $200 million shares of Henry Schein common stock. Earlier this year, as discussed during our last quarterly call, we are continuing to optimize our cost structure and improve profitability. We look forward to the future with more efficient organization; the organization will be far more focused and efficient at using our resources and in that context, even have a sharper global view of our customers and their evolving needs.  In a moment, I'll provide some commentary on each of our business units. Again, thank you to our 15-plus-thousand team Schein members around the world who are producing outstanding results for our shareholders quarter-upon-quarter. But before I go into further details and provide commentary, let me ask Steve Paladino, our CFO, to provide commentary on the first quarter financial results.
Steven Paladino: Okay, thank you, Stan, and good morning to everyone. I am also very pleased to be reporting strong financial results for the first quarter of 2012. Before we begin, I'd like to point out that our 2012 first quarter results include restructuring costs of $11.8 million pretax or $0.09 per diluted share. We announced this restructuring on our last quarterly conference call and Exhibit B to this morning's earnings news release reconciles our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings and EPS from continuing operations.  Turning to our financial performance. Our net sales for the quarter ended March 31, 2012 were $2.1 billion, reflecting a 7.8% increase compared with the first quarter of 2011. This consists of 8.4% growth in local currencies and a 0.6% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internally generated sales were up 7.8% and the acquisition growth was 0.6%. You can see the details of our sales growth that are contained also in Exhibit A in our earnings news release.  Let me point out that the comparison to the prior year first quarter was favorably impacted because the first quarter of 2012 did not include the December holiday week, whereas that particular holiday week was included in the first quarter of 2011. So this made for a somewhat easier sales growth comparison in the first quarter of 2012. If we adjust for that sales growth for that impact, our worldwide internally generated sales growth for the first quarter was 5.6% in local currencies, and that compares to the 7.8% I just mentioned. This impact was favorable on a worldwide consolidated basis on all of our sales categories, except for Dental equipment. This is because the last calendar week of the year is an exceptionally strong week for Dental equipment sales. This strong week was included in Q1 of last year in our reported sales, but again not in Q1 of the current year. And practitioners often make equipment purchases during the last calendar week of the year to take advantage of various tax incentives as well as other factors. This impact was primarily exhibited in our North American Dental equipment sales, and I will provide the specifics of this impact later on. We also believe that sales were somewhat favorably impacted by the overall mild winter weather this year. This factor had a positive impact in our Dental and Animal Health businesses due to increased patient traffic. However, we believe medical sales were adversely impacted by this mild weather as we saw a decline in sales of certain diagnostic consumable products for the quarter and I'll also talk about this impact later on.  Our operating margin for the first quarter of 2012 is 6.4%, which is consistent with the first quarter of 2011. However, if we exclude restructuring costs, which we believe is the more appropriate measure, our adjusted operating margin for the first quarter of 2012 improved by 53 basis points to 6.9%. We are very pleased with the strong operating margin expansion for the quarter. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.3%, which is in line with our guidance and is down from the 32.5% in the first quarter of last year. We expect our effective tax rate to remain in this 32% range for the remainder of the year. Net income attributable to Henry Schein for the first quarter of 2012 was $80.8 million or $0.89 per diluted share. Excluding restructuring costs, net income attributable to Henry Schein was $89.1 million or $0.98 per diluted share and this represents increase of 16.4% and 19.5%, respectively compared with the first quarter of 2011.  I'd now like to provide some detail on our sales results for the quarter. As Stan just mentioned, this is the first quarter we are presenting sales growth results for our global customer-centric -- customer-centric business units. So with global dental sales for the first quarter of 2012 increasing 5.5% to $1.2 billion and that consists of 6.6% growth in local currencies and a 1.1% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internally generated sales were up 6.2%, while acquisition growth was 0.4%. The 6.2% growth in local currencies included 8.2% -- 8.2% growth in global consumable merchandise and a decline of 0.2% in global equipment. As I mentioned earlier, Dental consumable merchandise sales were favorably impacted by the inclusion of the year end holiday week in Q4 of last year, and we estimate that this -- that if we exclude this impact, our global Dental consumable merchandise sales increased by 4.7% rather than the reported 8.2%. Internal sales growth in local currencies in our global Dental business is comprised of a 4.5% increase in our North American business and 8.9% internationally. I'll also discuss some detail behind each of these figures. The 4.5% internal growth in local currencies for North America included 7.1% growth in sales of Dental consumable merchandise and a decline in Dental equipment sales and service revenues of 5.6%. However, as I just mentioned, the fourth quarter of 2011 included the last week of the calendar year, which is when a significant amount of dental equipment is installed due to various tax incentives. We believe this negatively impacted our Q1 equipment sales results, and if we exclude this impact, our North American Dental equipment internal sales growth in local currencies was up 1.5%, rather than the reported decline of 5.6%.  Our 8.9% international internal growth in local currencies included 10% growth of Dental consumable merchandise and 6% growth in Dental equipment sales and service revenues. We are obviously very pleased with our overall market share gains in the global dental market that we participate in. Turning to our global Animal Health sales, they were $525.6 million in the first quarter. That's an increase of 15.3%, consisting of 15.4% growth in local currencies and a modest 0.1% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internally generated sales were up 14.8% and acquisition growth was 0.6%. As I mentioned earlier, our global Animal Health sales growth was also favorably impacted by the inclusion -- by the exclusion, sorry, of the year end holiday week in -- from our Q1 2012 sales. If we exclude that impact, our local internal sales growth was a very healthy 9.7% rather than the 14.8% on an as-reported basis. We also believe that the Animal Health sales growth was favorably impacted by a generally mild winter weather, although this is difficult to quantify with any precision.  Our 14.8% internal growth in local currencies included 15.8% in North America, as well as 13.7% international growth for our Animal Health group. Our North American Animal Health growth was largely fueled by strong flea & tick products sales, and again, we believe we continue to gain market share in this business unit also. Turning to our global medical sales group. They had sales of $354.8 million in the first quarter. That's an increase of 4%, and consists of 4.2% growth in local currencies, offset by a 0.2% decline related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internally generated sales was up 3.6% and acquisition growth contributed 0.6% to our growth. If we look at the components of our 3.6% internal growth in local currencies, they were 3.4% growth in our North American business and 7.4% in our International business. We believe our medical sales were adversely impacted by a mild winter as we saw a significant decline in certain sales of diagnostic consumable products during the quarter, primarily in the North American market. Excluding this impact, our North American Medical sales growth in local currencies was 5.9% instead of the 3.4%. We believe there was also an impact related to lower sales of related products related to these diagnostic products, but again, that is also difficult to quantify with any precision.  So again, despite the mild winter impact, we believe we also gained market share in the medical market. Turning to the global technology and value-added services sales group. Our sales were $62.9 million in the first quarter, an increase of 13.1% and that's 13.2% growth in local currencies with a 0.1% decline related to foreign currency. Our local currency internally generated sales was up 9% and acquisition growth was 4.2%. The 9% internal growth in local currencies included 9.9% growth in North America and 4% international growth. If we turn to stock repurchase, we continue to repurchase our common stock in the open market during the first quarter. More specifically, we repurchased approximately 544,000 shares of stock during the quarter, at an average price of $70.92 per share, or about $39 million. The impact of this repurchase on our first quarter results and EPS was not material. As Stanley mentioned, the Board has recently voted to authorize the repurchase of an additional $200 million of shares of Henry Schein stock in support of our goal of spending approximately $200 million to $300 million annually in the stock repurchase program to reduce slightly the number of average shares outstanding. If we take a brief look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow, our operating cash flow for the quarter was negative $48.6 million and that compares to an operating cash flow of $48.5 million for the first quarter of 2011. The decline was primarily in working capital due to timing of cash receipts, which were very strong in Q4 of last year.  We continue to believe that we will have a strong operating cash flow for the year, specifically our accounts receivable days outstanding were 40.1 days for the first quarter, down slightly from the 42.7 days in the first quarter of last year; and our inventory turns were 6.2 turns for the quarter, up slightly from the 6.1 turns in the first quarter of 2011.  Let me now conclude my remarks by discussing our new 2012 financial guidance, which we announced this morning. We raised our 2012 diluted EPS guidance to be in the range of $4.30 to $4.40, and that represents growth of 8% to 11% compared with the 2011 actual results. This new guidance compares with our previously issued guidance of $4.25 to $4.34. Let me also point out that for 2012, our fiscal year includes one less week than 2011. We also estimate restructuring costs for Q2 of 2012 to be approximately $2 million to $4 million on a pretax basis, or $0.02 to $0.03 per diluted share, and all of our guidance excludes the restructuring cost in Q1 as well as Q2. Also, as always, our 2012 guidance is for the current continuing operations as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions, but does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions. So with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you very much, Steven. I'd like to review the first quarter results from our business units that served the Dental, Animal Health and Medical practices on a global basis, as well as providing some commentary on our Global Technology and Value-Added Services business units. These 4 business units provide distinct organizational focus for reaching and serving each of our practitioner segments and are charged with implementing our 2012 to 2014 strategic plan, the plan that ends January -- December 31, 2014. And we do so with the benefits of a global perspective, strategy and operations, as well as global product and services offerings and global best practices. So let's take a look at the global Dental business first, which as Steven noted, was impacted by a number of factors relating to the holiday week of 2011, in fact, the way the calendar works and then the mild weather, which generally was favorable but did negatively impact our Medical business in the U.S. Suffice it to say though that apart from these impacts, we believe that we continue to gain market share in all of our business units. And as a further positive note, heading into the second quarter, I would like to mention that the North American Dental equipment backlog, as of now, was significantly higher than a year ago. So in understanding the business -- the performance of the business, I think it's very important to understand the impact of the calendar and some of the other variances and reasons for variances that Steven pointed out.  We remain quite positive about the dental market in the United States. The traffic is -- seems to be stable to slightly growing. Consumables seem to be on the positive side and that looks to be holding, and equipment remains quite steady, of course, taking into account this anomaly at the year end. So now let's look at our global Animal Health business.  This is a business that 5 years ago really was not significant to Henry Schein, although we've been in the Animal Health business for decades. The business continued to make very impressive gains in market share during the first quarter, due largely to expanding our breadth and depth of our product offering and to strengthening relationships with our customers on a global basis. Sales growth was favorably impacted by factors relating to the holiday week of 2011, just like in Dental, and the mild weather; obviously, with the mild weather, more patient visits. And we believe we continue to gain market share across the board, whether it's in the United States, in the companion animal arena, in Europe and Australia, New Zealand.  About a month ago, we announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire the veterinary distribution business of AUV Veterinary Services for a purchase price of approximately $38 million. That's U.S. dollars. We expect the transaction to close before the end of the second quarter. This business is the leading distributor serving Animal Health professionals in the Netherlands and Belgium, and does a great job of course, not only on the distribution side but providing terrific value-added services to the veterinarians of Belgium and the Netherlands. When this transaction closes later in the quarter, it will advance our Pan-European strategy of providing Animal Health practitioners across the continent with products and related services they need it in order to operate a more efficient practice and deliver high-quality care. Let me point out that the AUV veterinary business currently carries approximately 1% operating margin, and will negatively impact our consolidated worldwide operating margins going forward. Of course, this is nothing new in the history of Schein, and our goal is to provide better value-added services our customers and accordingly -- and improve the efficiency of the business and accordingly, generate greater operating margin and therefore better return on investments for our investors.  So shareholders may recall this is exactly the same scenario as we had when we acquired the Demedis business in Germany and in many parts of Europe -- Western Europe several years ago and many other businesses. We look forward to the opportunity to, of course, improve on the terrific service that is already being offered to the Animal Health practitioners in the Benelux countries, and improve on the operating margin as AUV over the course of the next few years improves efficiencies and implements our Value-Added Services model. It's a terrific team and really very, very knowledgeable on the Animal Health arena, great overall and I think a team that is very happy to be housed with Henry Schein, a company that is committed, in fact, the only really global Animal Health distribution company. We estimate this acquisition will negatively impact operating margin for the second half of the year by approximately 10 basis points. AUV veterinary services, as I noted, has tremendous reputation and a leader in the market it serves. Importantly it will be an excellent business and cultural fit with Henry Schein. AUV Services was founded in 1969 by 100 veterinarians. Today, it includes approximately 200 team members with headquarters and distribution centers in the Netherlands and another distribution center and a related headquarter in Belgium. AUV serves more than 2,000 large Animal Health veterinarians and their net sales for 2011 excluded -- exceeded $2.07 billion. Today, as I think our shareholders know, Henry Schein is the leading pan-European distributor of animal health products and services. We serve veterinary customers throughout Western Europe with operations in Australia, the Czech Republic, France, Germany, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. And of course, our global Animal Health business also includes operations in the United States and Australia, New Zealand and a small operation in Hong Kong. With the addition of AUV, our annual global Animal Health sales will be well in excess of $2 billion. We are very pleased with the progress we are making in the development of our global Animal Health vertical. I think we have an outstanding team led here in the United States by Kevin Vasquez, and by Peter McCarthy in Europe, Nigel Nichols in Australia, New Zealand and with Lonnie Shoff as the head of the global vertical. Terrific leadership on the practice solution side in the software area; lots and lots of opportunity to work with our key suppliers in advancing their strategies, both on the product side and more importantly on the services side, using technology so very, very excited with this business. The business is in a process of taking Henry Schein's strategic plan and digging even deeper in regards to implementing their plan and developing the appropriate strategies and tactics, so very, very happy.  So now let's take a look at the global Medical business. Just let me be sure to point out that the North American part of the Medical business comprises well over 90% of the global Medical business, and really, our only major presence in the Medical business abroad is our strong position in the German marketplace, although we have meaningful Medical businesses in a number of other European countries. Growth in this market during the quarter was largely fueled by increased penetration of large group practices here in the United States and solid growth in sales of pharmaceutical products. As Steven mentioned, the mild winter weather resulted in significantly lower sales of diagnostic consumable products. The overall business, the other products actually did very well, and we believe we continue to gain market share in the Medical business in the United States. Likewise, our business in Europe, although pretty small, did well and is positioning us to increase our global footprint in the medical arena, which is primarily focused on the office space and other alternate care site facilities. Now the global technology and value-added services units, very, very important, of course, important from a profitability point-of-view, very, very profitable business unit but more importantly, profitable, more importantly, this unit provides stickiness. The connection between our customers and Henry Schein in the area of Value-Added Services is terrific. Our goal is to help practitioners operate a better business so that our customers can provide better clinical care and the global Technology and Value-Added Services unit in fact is a key ingredient in this success formula.  The performance of this group continued to be excellent during the first quarter, with strong internal growth in the United States, bolstered by our strategic acquisitions including our Animal Health businesses, which are really coming together very, very nicely in the practice solutions area and a great complement to the Butler Schein merger, which has been so successful. More than 85% of the technology and value-added services group revenue is at this point in time, still derived from North America. In mid-April, we acquired ImproMed, which is a small company with annual revenue of $4.5 million based in Barcelona, which provides practice management and software to dental practices in Spain. The $4.5 million is not as important as the fact that we have -- we continue to advance our strategy for tuck-in acquisitions on the distribution side, but very important on the practice solutions side, which is a business that's somewhere around $250 million today and plays as well as a critical role in the profits of Schein, but more importantly the stickiness of the relationship between Henry Schein and our customers and indeed, the connectivity between Henry Schein, our customers and many of our suppliers, lots and lots of exciting opportunity here.  We strive to stay on the leading edge of technology solutions and in March, we launched Dentrix G5, which is a new version of the Dentrix practice management system. Dentrix G5 has multiple new features including new database architecture. The architecture improves product performance and also allows Dentrix to become an open platform for other dental applications and technology to link directly into Dentrix. Very exciting, and for those that are really interested in our business from a micro -- a more micro point-of-view, it's probably a good idea to take a look at what Dentrix is doing at the next dental show or speak to a practitioner that is a Dentrix customer. To support developers writing for the Dentrix platform, we launched the Dentrix developer program. Many developers, often not employed by the company, are now writing applications that are compatible with Dentrix, of course, the leading provider of dental software in the world and are in the process of joining the program. This means Dentrix soon will have a multiple of new applications that are integrated with Dentrix, which will allow them to build out their digital office. As another technology development, in mid April, we opened the Henry Schein TechCentral Solutions Center to provide comprehensive customer support for dental and office technology solutions. TechCentral brings together experts in Dentrix, Easy Dental and a multiple of other practice management solutions systems we offer, and more importantly, with various technology disciplines combined with software and other technology disciplines, including hardware and wiring of practices, et cetera. These professionals work together as one team to provide customers with a 360-degree support and not merely help for a single product. We know for a fact that the dental practice achieves greater efficiency, lower operating costs to provide better patient care within an integrated networking solution, and we have done a very good job in this area on the dental side and the Animal Health side. TechCentral continues to make it faster and easier for our customers to get the expert support they need without having to call multiple companies. We, of course, have similar programs in the medical arena, not quite as advanced as the dental and Animal Health, though.  So Steven and I would be happy to take questions, but before we do that, let me just go through 2 further comments related to the industry rankings that Team Schein is so proud of, and again, so happy with the team today. Started out, we went public with a few thousand Team Schein Members, and now over 15,000 Team Schein members spread out over about 400 locations around the world, providing business and providing support to about 775,000 practices, about 1 million practitioners. Henry Schein was once again ranked first in our industry overall Fortune 2012 List of the Most Admired Companies. We repeated our first-place ranking for 2011 in the categories of social responsibility and global competitiveness, showing that the of twinning of global responsibility and business provides great results for the other constituents, mainly our suppliers, our customers, our team, our investors, in the context of making a difference in society. It really works in our formulation and is a great model for us. We also ranked first in the categories of quality in management, quality of products and services and long-term investment. Of course, we are gratified that the team was recognized for the strength in our global management, the quality of our products and services and our supplier partners -- and the relationship with our supplier partners, and the steady predictable return that we have delivered to our shareholders for so many years.  Separately, Henry Schein was named to Ethisphere's 2012 List of the most -- the World's Most Ethical Companies. This is the first time Henry Schein appeared on this list, which has been published for the past 6 years. The Ethisphere Institute is an international think tank dedicated to creation, advancement and sharing of best practices in business ethics, corporate social responsibility, anticorruption and sustainability. Out of the 5,000 nominations, Henry Schein was named to the list as -- list of 145 companies for raising the bar for ethical standards within the health care industry. A deep commitment to this highest ethical standards of business practice has been the hallmark of Henry Schein for the past 80 years. In fact, this is our 80th anniversary this year. This commitment continues to be at the very core of the business model as we become more of a global company advancing our team of 15,000 Team Schein members around the world.  So on a final note, we're very excited as we go into the 16th year as a public company and the 80th anniversary of our founding. So thank you to those shareholders that have been with us since the beginning and those that have joined us along the way. We remain extremely bullish about the company. There are lots of challenges. The world economy is not stable in every respect. Not every metric is working in the right direction. Having said that, I think we have an outstanding management team, a committed organization and have a pretty good strategic plan that we're advancing and fanning out throughout the organization. So Steve and I would be now, be happy to answer any questions that callers may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Stan, I just wanted to follow-up with you on some comments you just made. You basically said like not everything is working in every market, and it's not perfect, but you showed pretty solid organic growth trends across all your businesses, across all your geographies, really, and I'm kind of curious as to Europe is particularly surprising given what we hear from the macro commentary. I'm surprised that your International business is growing faster than your North American business. And so I'm wondering if you can comment on that. Do you think if it's more share gains or is maybe the market over there maybe a little bit better than we all think?
Stanley M. Bergman: Very good question, Glen. So I think one has to peel the onion a bit. Yes, let's deal with the challenges to start with. Italy, Spain, Portugal, the markets are not that good. We are gaining market share, but there's some challenges. Germany is on the positive side. We continue to gain market share, but the market overall is okay as well. The U.K. is challenged, although we are doing quite well in the U.K. We're working with some of the larger groups. I think we've adapted quite well to some of the concerns relative to the change in reimbursement. The Benelux countries are doing okay. France, at least from a Schein point-of-view, is doing okay. We, of course, are guarded and trying to figure out what the election -- the impact of the election will have on our business. And of course, our business is primarily a dental business, although we have an interest in a nonconsolidated Animal Health business. That's a nice business, we do not consolidate it. And it's a very small investment, but a decent-sized business. Australia and New Zealand, I think there are -- it is a lumpy market, but overall, the economy is healthy. I think just like Canada, Australia and New Zealand, did a little bit better during the recessionary period and both markets are quite solid. So in general, the comments I gave you are not specifically related to this quarter, but in general, giving you a feel. Of course, in North America the U.S. seems to be doing better. There are weeks that the economy, at least from our point-of-view, business is very good and there may be a week where we say, is there a challenge? But overall, I think our team is quite bullish, the pipeline for equipment, although there's no guarantee that we WILL actually install this equipment in the quarter, or uninstall it, seems to be solid, and so I think that’s sort of a bit of a view around the world. I think the dental market is okay around the world, the Animal Health market certainly seems fine, and medical is a very small business for us outside of the U.S., although we are doing okay and maybe 2 years ago, we're not doing so well, but now we are.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Hey Stan, maybe if I could just ask one quick follow-up on the equipment side, I mean, given the strong organic trends and it sounds like most of the markets are generally doing okay. What do you make of the equipment number continuing to lag? And what do you think's causing that, and you just sort of commented you think your pipeline on equipment looks good, and so would you expect those trends to reverse here as fiscal '12 unfolds?
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, first of all, I think Steven was quite clear on the swing between the fourth quarter and the first quarter as it relates to the most productive week in the year. So and Steven can take you through that in specifics so I think the quarter was probably, if you adjust for this, but again, this is very hard to get the precise number, was a positive quarter and that was on the heels of a very, very strong previous year. So I think the equipment business is okay. We perhaps are a little bit more optimistic, but don't want to give predictions for the next quarter. But again, we're what, one month into the next quarter? So I think the trend you saw in the last, what, 8 quarters in equipment is kind of continuing. Dentists feel that they should invest in their practice, and they're doing that. Financing doesn't seem to be difficult, it's there, and the cost is very low and the traffic seems to be getting a little better. So we're not at 2006, and '05 levels, but we're definitely part of seeing a trend here that continued I don't know the exact quarter, but probably 8, maybe Steven knows or remembers, 8, 9, 10 quarters ago.
Steven Paladino: Yes, Glen, I would just echo that. I think if you look at that North American equipment, our North American Dental team really did an extraordinary job in promoting all of the year end tax benefits for buying equipment and we really had an outstanding Q4 that, to some extent pulled some sales from Q1. I think we certainly believe that the adjusted 1.5% equipment sales growth that we reported for Q1 for North American Dental equipment sales, we expect it to grow that sales growth. I don't want to give specific guidance on it, but we do expect it to grow during the year. So we feel like equipment sales was more of a timing impact with the strong Q4, and you will see improvement as the year progresses.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just actually wanted to focus on Animal Health a little bit. Clearly much stronger results there in the quarter than what we've seen recently and certainly what we were looking for. It sounds maybe a little bit of the strength helped by flea and tick, but maybe taking that out, could you guys maybe just comment about how we should be thinking about the growth of the core business in Animal Health? And is maybe some of this just pent-up demand from a generally weak economy the last several quarters?
Stanley M. Bergman: Without getting into micro, but it's very actually hard to get to specific trends, there are all sorts of indices one can look at, but I think when you take a look at this market in general, you have to understand how agency sales switch between GAAP sales, where the sale is fully recognized and agency sale, you have to look at that. You have to understand the large animal versus the companion animal information, and there's very little information available as to the performance of others in the marketplace on a bifurcated basis. You then have to take a look at price impact, and there have been some very nice launches in the field, to mention the Trifexis, Comfortis situation so one has to understand all of these. Having said that, the market seems to be growing. I don't think it went down as much as some people reported, and it may not be booming as much as others are thinking today. But it is a market that is growing in the 100s of basis points, and it's a good market, and from a Henry Schein point-of-view, we believe we're gaining market share. We believe that our software acquisition, the expansion of products that we're offering to veterinarians, the value-added side and -- is doing well. I think from a Henry Schein point-of-view, you have to remember that in 2010, our sales force was inwardly focused during the integration period. Some of that went into 2011, but as the year continued, and even going into the first quarter, we think we are in a good shape -- not good, outstanding shape from a sales organization point-of-view and that's helping us gain market share. So there's many puts and takes here, and I don't think we can give you a one-sentence answer on this.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: No, that's helpful. And then I guess just a quick follow up around Animal Health, and specifically the acquisition of AUV announced in the quarter. It sounds like that acquisition is going to be slightly dilutive to 2012. I was wondering if that's still the case, just relative to the updated guidance that you gave today. I don't believe that was included before. And then, I guess longer-term around Animal Health and relative to this acquisition, I think you said it was about a 1% operating margin. Could you maybe just talk about the operating margin profile of the vet business in light of this acquisition? Or maybe timing that you expect to get those margins closer to current vet operating margins?
Steven Paladino: Sure, so yes, a couple of questions there. So first our guidance that we issued today includes the AUV acquisition, which will be slightly dilutive for the balance of the year, and we think it's $0.01 or $0.02, not something significant, slightly dilutive. A big factor for that is the professional and onetime fees needed to close the acquisition, which is driving some of that dilution and really, not much synergies achieved. Because remember, the deal is not closed yet; it's expected to close by, let's say end of Q2, maybe early Q3, at the latest. So there's not really a lot of synergies that we can achieve going forward in a 6-month period. Longer term, we believe that, that 1% operating margin has potential to get up significantly higher, mid single-digit range over a number of years. So it's not a one-year activity. And last I want to point out, because there were, we did talk about the purchase price, which was $38 million, and we -- there were estimates out there for significantly higher. Some people had estimates out there equal to onetime sales, which would have been close to $300 million. So we paid because -- we paid a price, which we felt was a fair price, but because the business is only 1% operating margin today. But again we think that the inclusion of some of our purchasing synergies and global expertise in distribution and things like that, we have good opportunity to raise operating margin. So we feel good with the acquisition. And it's a healthy size from a revenue -- just under $300 million in revenue. So overall, the main reason why Animal Health all-in margins are lower, I think we talked about this before, is because of the percentage of pharmaceuticals, which carry a lower gross and operating margin, and it’s critical to carry. Obviously, the pharmaceuticals are a big part of what veterinarians dispense and offer to pet owners. So again, we feel good about the acquisition and the opportunities, but I just will caution that it will take us a little bit of time to realize the synergies.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Steve, was there an acquisition in the North American Dental unit in the period? And then does your revised outlook contemplate any incremental share repurchases due the balance of 2012?
Steven Paladino: So there was really, trying to just check. I think there was the tail end of an acquisition in Dental but it was very tiny. Just trying to check which one it was. Let me answer the second question first as I get that information from the -- the guidance really does not assume any significant amount of stock buyback. We don't want the guidance to get ahead of the stock buyback because if, for some reason, we wind up buying less than our expectations, we don't want to have the guidance at risk. So really, we think that there's a little bit baked in, but the bulk of it is not baked into our guidance. As far as the acquisition growth, the primary acquisition in global Dental was the Sogim acquisition in France, but there was in the U.S. a small, a very small acquisition that we didn't announce on the Dental side, so yes there was a little bit of acquisition activity in the global Dental piece.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then secondly, what is your revised EPS outlook factor for FX headwinds? And I guess if you could be more specific around the euro-U.S. dollar rate, it’d be helpful.
Steven Paladino: Sure. We're still being a little bit conservative in our guidance on FX rates. We have utilized in our guidance a lower exchange rate specifically for the Euro, which is the primary currency that impacts us, so we're using a lower rate than the current $1.30, $1.02 exchange rate that we're at, to be a little bit conservative there, and given that we're not sure exactly which way it's going to go, and hard to predict, there's a little bit of conservatism still built into our FX rate and our guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Valiquette with UBS.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just wanted to make sure I heard a couple of numbers right. It’s clearly, a lot of moving parts this quarter, so when you guys mentioned there was a 10% growth in internal Dental consumables and 6% growth in internal dental equipment, I wasn't clear if whether that was the global sales or international sales. So I just want to try to confirm that first.
Stanley M. Bergman: Okay, yes, so both of those numbers, the 10% local internal growth were for the international Dental merchandise, and the 6% was the international Dental equipment.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, so that’s international. Okay so then do you happen to have the global numbers, then? Global breakdown between global Dental consumables and equipment internal.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. So let me give you -- the reported numbers global Dental merchandise growth, this is again local internal, is 8.2% and global Dental equipment minus 0.2%, and that translates to overall local internal on a combined basis of merch and equipment of 6.2%. And again, just to highlight again the dental equipment sales were negatively impacted by this last week of the year, and that minus 0.2% becomes plus 3.6% on a global basis when you adjust for that.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And I think some of the other questions kind of touched on this, but just generally speaking, does it seem like consumables growth should be outpacing equipment for the rest of this year? Or just I guess any additional general thoughts on the consumables versus equipment growth within Dental for the rest of the year.
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, remember, consumable growth had significant tail winds because of this calendar week issue, whereas the opposite was true on equipment. So when you normalize for that, again the worldwide global Dental consumable merchandise comes down a bit to 4.7%, and that's clearly, we think, gaining market share. If the market is growing in the 2% or 3% range, that's probably a bullish estimate of what the combined market is. So we're growing at close to double that on an adjusted basis. Typically, the merchandise sales as people are feeling more optimistic and patient traffic continues to be improving to steady, is where you first see a benefit and then as the consumable sales continue to do well, people become more bullish on equipment. So equipment generally takes a little bit longer to catch up to the market improvements than the consumables.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Willoughby with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Steve, the organic trends look good. Congrats on that. They're ahead of where we thought they'd be, but we're still looking at the capital deployment side of your business model here. It looks like the deals added, I think you broke out 0.6% growth to revenues are about $12 million, and I’m looking at here minority interest line item and track only about $2 million, so if I look at all-in deal spending of about $211 million, looks like you generated maybe $3 million or so in incremental contribution. Is that the best use of your capital? I would think a share repurchase of size and magnitude would get you more.
Steven Paladino: Well, you know, we can offline, Bob; I don't think your math is accurate on using that minority interest, but offline we can go through that. As far as your general question on capital deployment, we feel like the balance sheet and the cash flow is strong enough that we can do a very sizable stock buyback annually, and again, our goal is $200 million to $300 million per year on a continuous basis, so it's not a one-time shot. We want to see that share count shrink continuously over time. But you can't buy back all your shares and get to prosperity that way. So we do feel that using capital to grow businesses and you've got to be careful on first-year impact of acquisitions. The way the accounting works with professional fees, per share benefit on acquisition growth is nominal; the second and third year we should get good returns on investments. Our goal is to get double-digit in fact, mid teens pretax return on investment by year 2 or 3. So we feel that, that's a good deployment of strategy, and you have to also realize that as we expand globally, take for example, on the Animal Health side, the benefits to all of the other business units because of supplier relationships and best practices and other factors aren't exclusively shown in the acquisition model. They also are shown in the existing businesses, so we think we should do both.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, all right, that's helpful. And just a question. Did you break out a benefit from the leap year at all for the businesses?
Steven Paladino: The quarter had the same number of weeks. There is no benefit. We have said consistently is that 2012 has one less week versus 2011, so that's all baked into our full year guidance. It's not equivalent to, on a EPS basis, you know exactly 1/52 of a year. It's a little bit less than that because it's a slower week for consumables that drives it. But that we’ve talked about a couple of times, if that's helpful.
Robert M. Willoughby - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, I was thinking the extra day in February, but that's fine.
Steven Paladino: Okay, so no, we didn't really, we didn't give any data on that. And again, because we're on the same number of weeks -- for us, we don't actually have an extra day for leap year. We have the same number of weeks, 13 weeks every quarter. It's not the same as a calendar month end.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Steve, you know what, you just touched on it, but I just want to, my inbox got flooded with about 20 e-mails as you were going through the timing issues in your prepared remarks. Just want to confirm, no extra selling week this quarter; it was purely timing of a soft consumables quarter last year in the first quarter that gets dropped out this quarter and that's what helped kind of the higher growth rates on the consumable side.
Steven Paladino: Yes, so again, just to be very clear for everyone on the call, and you have it exactly right, same number of weeks, same number of days in Q1 this year versus last year, but all of our adjusted sales growth were reflecting that last year's Q1 included the holiday week, the Christmas/ New Year's week, which is on consumables, on everything but Dental Equipment, a soft week. And what we broke out is that because of that easy comparable last year, that our sales growth was favorable because of that. And just to resummarize, the reported local internal growth on a worldwide basis was 7.8%. That's reported-to-reported, but the adjusted, when factoring in that favorable comparability in Q1, was 5.6%. So it's about 2 percentage points that it helped us during the quarter. And we wanted to be as transparent as possible and take people through that, because even though it was a very strong sales growth quarter, part of it was related to this.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, fair enough. And just on the margin side, it sounds like AUV, at least my math, may be at 20 basis point headwind operating margins, once that deal closes, the company-wide margin for 4 quarters then. But you do 53 basis points this quarter. Maybe you've got a little bit timing benefit as well. But how do you think about margins developing over the rest of this year? A good quarter this quarter. Can some of the expansion continue over the next 3?
Steven Paladino: I would be cautious. Our goal, we were at the high end of our goal for the quarter, which is the 50 basis points. I think that was driven in part because of very strong internal sales growth. So we still expect margin expansion on a full year basis, but maybe not quite to the same level that we experienced in Q1.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And last question, just why was working capital such a big use of cash this quarter that drove operating cash flow negative?
Steven Paladino: It was really 2 areas, trade accounts receivable, which we had very strong cash collections at the year-end for Q4. Again the timing of our year-end, which was December 31, in 2011, a lot of people for tax reasons, I think, paid at the end of the year in order to get the tax deduction if they're on a cash basis. So we think it was primarily timing on the working capital, both on the trade receivables and the trade payables, where we took advantage of cash discounts. It's just the timing of it. Overall, free cash flow and operating cash flow, we're still expecting to be very strong for the full year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Michael R. Minchak - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's actually Mike Minchak in for Lisa this morning. First, just with respect to the updated 2012 guidance, you took the range up by roughly the amount of the beat in the first quarter relative to consensus. Can you talk about what drove the strength in the first quarter versus your internal expectations? And I know you had mentioned the weather benefit, but was there anything else that positively impacted the first quarter that you don't see -- expect to see a continuing benefit of, over the course of the year?
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, it's a difficult question because it's not just the weather or the easy comparable on some of the sales categories. We had absolutely a very strong internal sales growth, despite all of those other factors that provided some tailwind across the board. We still think that the markets Stanley talked about, just a little bit, the markets still have some uncertainty. So we're trying to be conservative in our overall guidance I talked about earlier; foreign exchange that we're trying to be conservative. And you know, but we feel like things, certainly since last conference call and 2 conference calls ago, we’re feeling like our markets are continuing to improve gradually, and the ones that really aren't improving, maybe some of the Mediterranean countries, that they're at least stabilizing in our market. So we feel bullish, and we want to have guidance out there that we don't have to change on the downside, should some of these uncertainties materialize.
Michael R. Minchak - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Understood. And then maybe just to drill down a little bit on the equipment side, I was wondering if you could provide any incremental color or breakdown on the trends, both within high-tech and basic equipment in the quarter? Is one growing faster than the other? And then maybe if you can comment at all on E4D?
Stanley M. Bergman: Sure. Well, high-tech and specifically, E4D had very -- had a very strong quarter for Q1, but we also saw improving growth in traditional equipment so it wasn't just related to the high-tech, but high-tech was stronger than traditional for us. And the strongest within high-tech was the E4D CAD/CAM business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Larry Marsh with Barclays.
Elliot Feldman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is Elliot Feldman filling in for Larry. Just a quick question on the Medical business. A bit of a sequential slowdown in organic growth but obviously, following a pretty good growth in 2011. Just wondering if you could provide any updates also for what you're seeing around broader utilization patient traffic trends, I mean, discuss about that a little bit and perhaps, maybe more importantly, the competitive environment in the space. I know you got some pretty nice market share gains last year, so any updated thoughts on that would be great.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, I think again, we commented and Steven commented in, I think quite depth here, you need to take into account these sales of diagnostic products in the quarter. There was a significant dip because of the mild season, particularly relating to flu and that kind of problem. So we believe the 3.4% internal growth in local currencies for North American Medical sales would have been approximately 6%, somewhere around that, hard to tell, if not adversely impacted by the mild winter weather. So overall, I think this is in line with the kind of sales we've shown, the growth we've shown for a while now, for many quarters. Maybe it's a little bit, slightly better from, I can't recall, Steven, what it was last quarter.
Steven Paladino: It wasn't slightly better, but it was comparable.
Stanley M. Bergman: Comparable. So I mean we've been showing this mid single-digit growth now for a while, hard to tell again what's the market, the exact market growth rate is because there's little data available. We believe we increased sales to our larger group practices by something like 20% in North America. And we had some strong pharmaceutical sales, specifically to the larger practices, so all of this contributed to our sales in North America, and we believe, as we have, I think indicated and shown for a while now, that we are increasing market share. So I can't give you more specifics than that. But I think it would be wrong to characterize our sales as anything but growing market share, and that the market is a solid market. It's changing significantly and, I think it was about 3 years ago we, or maybe a little longer that, when we created our Health Care Services group to focus on the larger practices and the new kinds of entities emerging. And this group has done very, very well and we continue to grow market share in the newer entities and the larger entities. So the Medical business is growing. Of course, there are some challenges with margins, but we have to manage through that.
Elliot Feldman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And Steve, I know I may be a little bit too early in asking this. I know it's only May but just around flu, given some of the changes to the contractual agreements you guys have announced this year, coming off a pretty weak flu season, any early expectations you guys can provide us for that business, later this year we can – might be able to see in the back half?
Steven Paladino: It's still really early in the season and because of the mild winter, we believe that the pre-book activity, people haven't really mentally turned to thinking about buying flu vaccine for the upcoming season. Expectations are basically to sell a similar amount of doses as we sold last year, which was about 11.5 million doses. There's really not any reason at this point in any data points to have a different opinion than that. Our new contract, we think, provides us the opportunity for better profitability, as well as the age indications on the new manufacturer are lower, so that's helpful to some practitioners that are serving younger patients. But it's still very early on, really, to have any better intelligence in that market.
Operator: We only have time for one more question and your question comes from Jonathan Block with SunTrust.
Jonathan Block - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Maybe just 2 quick ones. The first is on the Animal Health side. Several weeks ago, one of the manufacturers announced their intention to have at least one of their distributors go ahead and be able to become sort of a generalist, selling products of some of their competitors, and so maybe just your thoughts on IDEX’s announcement and how you view that relationship going forward?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, first of all, we view our relationship with IDEX to be a very good one. I think our value-add service model is a good one. That, I think, fits in very well with their strategy. We are both committed to advancing the operating efficiency of practices, helping them run a better practice, so that they can provide better clinical care. Obviously, the announcement by IDEX is a new one. We are in dialogue with them; we're evaluating, and I think we need to understand more of what this means at this stage. And so I would say that's -- we are a very good customer of IDEX and the relationship between the 2 companies, it's very good. We see global opportunity, actually, in expanding our relationship with IDEX so, and I think the services that our practice solutions business can offer to IDEX and to others out there, I might add, is something rather unique. And so we are committed to advancing our relationship with IDEX, but can't comment on any specific economics much there.
Jonathan Block - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. And then last one, Stanley, earlier in the call, you gave a lot of great color on international markets, how things are playing out. On just big picture, can you speak to maybe where you're seeing some more resiliency? In other words, again, you gave color by market, but when you look to sort of Vet versus either Dental, does one stand out more than other, showing a bit more resiliency in some particular markets?
Stanley M. Bergman: That's a good question. I think actually on average, both the Dental market, as a global vertical and the Animal Health market on a global vertical basis are in much better shape than we were in fourth quarter 2008 and of course, 2009. We started seeing positive trends in 2010, which continued in '11. I would say if I look at what's really directly in front of us, I would be bullish, but I think one has to remember that there's a wider -- there are wider macro trends out there, and we have to run our business very conservatively in case we experience macro bumps along the way. But having said that, I think both markets at the second, looking out, very short-term, look to be okay, globally. I mean, we covered all the specifics by country, but I think the global Dental market is, at this point in time, looking short-term, is much more positive that it's been in a while. I think the same is on the Animal Health side, but again, one has to be very, very cautious in this environment, and I think everybody on this call is aware that the economy looks to be like it's doing a little bit better, but none of us would be surprised if there were negative bumps along the way. So, and we have to deliver on our commitments. So we are optimistic, but very cautious. So thank you, everyone for participating in the call. Thank you for the good questions. Of course, Stephen is available should anyone have any questions at (631) 843-5915. Susan Vassallo is -- who heads our communications, can also be reached at 5562. And again, as noted, I think the tone is that we're feeling very good about the state of the company, about our strategy. I think we've made good investments. Obviously, when you make an investment, the return doesn't come right away. Businesses that we invest in take time to integrate and to optimize. We are investing and expanding our global footprint, and investing and expanding our product offering. We didn't cover the Dental side in much detail. With regard to that, we're investing in the specialty areas, doing very well over there. I think our global Dental footprint is a good one. I don't know the exact number, but somewhere around the $5 billion Animal -- Dental business, lots of synergies from best practices point-of-view here, implementing technology ideas, implementing a greater focus on providing a one-stop shop to specialists. All of this is working well in combination with our advancements in the whole change in digitalization of the prosthetics and implants field. I think the Dental business is very, very exciting. The globalization of our Animal Health business is exciting and the terrific work we're doing in the U.S. to address some of the new forms of health care delivery and expansion of some of the larger clinics and IDNs is all very exciting. So we're very optimistic about our capabilities and the morale in the company, the talent we've added. But you know, and I think Steven is right, when he's cautious about providing too positive an outlook for the future, as we -- none of us know what kind of speed bumps we will encounter along the way, and we want to make sure that we deliver on our commitments as we did throughout the recession. So thank you, all, for your interest, and we look forward to speaking, I guess, in another 12 weeks or so. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for participating in Henry Schein's First Quarter Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-15 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Vassallo - Vice President of Corporate Communications Stanley M. Bergman - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer S. Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Executive Director
Analysts: Albert J. Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael Cherny - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael R. Minchak - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Lawrence C. Marsh - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Fourth Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, Susan.
Susan Vassallo: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's fourth quarter results. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast today, February 15, 2012. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call.  I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call, you limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for this call.  With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman: Good morning, and thank you, Susan. And thank you, everyone, for joining us. We are delighted to have gained market share in all of our business groups during the fourth quarter and in fact, for the full year of 2011. And in the fourth quarter, we experienced overall middle -- mid-single-digit internal growth and that's adjusting, in fact, reducing the actual sales growth or sales rate of growth for the extra week. And of course, we complemented the internal growth with growth as a result of strategic acquisitions. For the year, we are proud that we exceeded $8.5 billion in sales. The team has done a remarkable job in garnering market share growth through internal growth and of course, absorbing the acquisitions that were made in the previous year. If you think about it, we had $6 billion of sales in 2008 and took that to $7.5 billion in 2010. And for the full year of 2011, we had $8.5 billion of sales.  Overall, our view is that the markets we serve are modestly improving. We think we are off the bottom and are growing in all of our markets, and we look forward to the return of historic growth rates, 5% to 6% annually, in the long run as the baby boomer generation understands the importance of preventative care in the medical and dental arena and as the market continues to develop throughout the world with a companion Animal and Equine business. So in a moment, I'll provide some commentary on each of our businesses but first, I'll ask Steve to provide an overview of our quarterly financial results. Thank you. Steve?
S. Paladino: Okay, thank you, Stan, and good morning to everyone. I'm also very pleased to be reporting solid sales and earnings growth for the fourth quarter of 2011. Before I begin, let me point out that the fourth quarter of 2011 included one additional selling week compared with the fourth quarter of 2010, and that week is the holiday week between Christmas and New Year's. This occurs approximately every 6 years for Henry Schein, given that we are on a 52-, 53-week fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in December. We have estimated the impact of the extra week and I'd like to point out that this estimate is not a precise calculation, although we are very comfortable with the estimate. And that's mostly related to equipment and technology sales, which are larger ticket items and are significant investment decisions on the part of our customers. And that decision is not likely to be proportionately impacted by the inclusion of an extra week during the quarter. So in order to provide a more meaningful commentary, we have provided separate estimates on the impact of sales growth for that extra week, as well as the internal sales growth figures excluding that extra week. So turning to our financial performance. Net sales for the quarter ended December 31, 2011, were $2.3 billion, reflecting a 15.6% increase compared with the fourth quarter of 2010. Internally generated sales were up 5.3% with only 0.1%, a decrease due to foreign currency exchange and acquisition growth was 4.7% and the growth estimated to be attributable to the extra week was approximately 5.7%. Sales of seasonal influenza vaccines during the quarter did not have a significant impact on our sales growth for the quarter. You can see the details of our sales growth that are contained on Exhibit A in our earnings news release that was issued earlier today. Our operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2011 was 7.0%. It declined slightly by 4 basis points compared with the fourth quarter of 2010. However, excluding the impact of current year acquisitions and sales of influenza vaccines from both periods, our operating margin expanded by approximately 24 basis points compared with the prior year's quarter.  As we have historically discussed, acquisitions typically carry a lower margin than our existing business until we integrate them and serve to reset our base operating margin. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.9%, which is in line with our previous guidance and is down slightly from the 31.9% in the fourth quarter of 2010. For 2012, we estimate that our effective tax rate will continue to be in that 31% range. Our net income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. for the fourth quarter of 2011 was $104.7 million or $1.15 per diluted share. This represents growth compared to the 2010 fourth quarter of 12.6% and 15%, respectively. Taking a look at our financial performance for the full year, I am pleased to report that we achieved a number of good milestones, including sales growth of 12%, again, adjusting for that extra week; growth in diluted EPS of approximately 11% compared with the prior-year EPS on a non-GAAP basis; and free cash flow was extremely strong of $509.5 million for the year and that exceeds our net income and is in line and actually, in excess, of our corporate goal. So we're very proud to have exceeded the EPS goal that we stated more than a year ago during, we believe are difficult and uncertain economic times. Now I'd like to provide some detail on our sales results for the quarter. Our North American Dental sales for the quarter increased 11.9% to $806.6 million. Internally generated sales were up 4.5% with a 0.1% decline related to foreign exchange and growth attributable to the extra week of 7.5%. Our consumable merchandise sales increased 4.8% in local currencies and that's all internally generated and also adjusted for the extra selling week. And on a same basis, our Dental equipment sales improved and increased to 3.8% in local currencies, again, all internally generated and all adjusted for the extra week.  Our North American Medical sales were $373.3 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of 13.9%. This consists of internally generated sales of 7.1%, approximately 0.7% growth related to acquisitions and 6.1% growth attributable to the extra week. We are really very pleased to continue to gain market share in our North American Medical business. Again, sales of seasonal influenza vaccines did not have a meaningful impact on our Medical sales growth for this quarter. Turning to our North American Animal Health business. Animal Health sales were $255.9 million for the fourth quarter, an increase of 14.9%. This consists of internal sales growth of 7.2% and growth attributable to the extra week of 7.7%. As we have previously discussed on prior conference calls, now that the Butler and Henry Schein Animal Health businesses have been completely integrated, we are seeing the benefits of our coordinated sales efforts and that is driving the sales growth.  International sales for the fourth quarter of 2011 were $833.8 million, an increase of 20% compared with the prior year's fourth quarter. Internally generated sales growth was 4.8%, acquisition growth was 12.2% and growth due to the extra week was 3%. The foreign exchange impact on international sales was really insignificant this quarter. If we look at some components, that 4.8% internal sales growth includes 4.4% in our international Dental business and 6.3% growth in our international Animal Health businesses. And these businesses represent approximately 65% and 32%, respectively, of our International business. Technology and Value-Added Service sales for the fourth quarter were $70.7 million, up 23.1% compared with the prior year's quarter and this consists of internal sales growth of 2.4%, growth attributable to the extra week of 6.5% and acquisition growth of approximately 14.2% due to the acquisitions of McAllister and ImproMed.  During the fourth quarter, we saw particularly strong growth in our Electronic Services and Financial Services businesses. With respect to stock repurchase, we continued to repurchase common stock in the open market during the fourth quarter. More specifically, we repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares of our common stock during the quarter at an average price of approximately $61.98 per share and that's translated to approximately $68 million of cash. The impact on the repurchase of our shares for the fourth quarter on diluted EPS was a little less than $0.01 per share. Let's take a brief look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow for the quarter. Again, our operating cash flow for the quarter was extremely strong, $277.8 million. That compares to $216.6 million in last year's fourth quarter. Operating cash flow for the year was $554.6 million. And as I mentioned earlier, we are extremely pleased to have achieved and exceeded our goals of having operating cash flow. In fact, free cash flow exceed our net income.  Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding was 39.3 days for the fourth quarter. That's slightly down compared to 40.8 days in the fourth quarter of last year. For the full-year basis, days sales outstanding were 40.6 days.  Inventory turns for the fourth quarter of 2011 was 6.8 turns. That's up compared to 6.7 turns in the fourth quarter of last year and a full-year basis, they were also 6.7 turns. CapEx for the year 2011 was $45.2 million, and we expect capital expenditures for next year, 2012, to be in the $45 million to $55 million range for 2012. So moving to some of our strategic priorities. One of those that Stanley will discuss later is optimizing our cost structure and our processes and to that end, we have announced today that we are implementing a small restructuring with the goal of improving profitability. We expect to record restructuring charges of somewhere approximately between $11 million to $13 million or $0.08 to $0.10 per diluted share. And this will occur during the first half of 2012 as a result of this action. I'd like to conclude my remarks by reaffirming our 2012 financial guidance as follows. We expect 2012 diluted EPS to be in the range of $4.25 to $4.34 and that represents a growth of 7% to 9% compared to our actual 2011 results. I'd like to point out a couple of things with respect to that guidance. First, it's important to recognize that 2012, that fiscal year includes one less week compared to 2011. Our guidance also excludes the one-time restructuring costs and as always, our guidance is for current continuing operations, as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions but does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions.  So with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Stan.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Steven, very much for your update and I'd like to now provide a little bit color on the business units. So let me begin with the North American Dental business. That's our dental business in the United States and in Canada. The results for our North American Dental business was strong across the board and reflects steady patient traffic to our Dental customers' offices and higher demand for dental equipment. Of course, this was partially driven by the tax incentives that were in effect for 2011.  Internal growth in sales of Dental consumable merchandise in local currencies was 4.8% during the quarter, excluding the extra week. So I think it's best to look at it excluding the extra week, which is solidly ahead of our estimate for the market growth and shows the strength of our Dental franchise here in the United States and in Canada. And our dental equipment results turned positive for the quarter with internal growth in local currencies at 3.8%. Again, if you should take out the extra week and this is after taking out the extra week. And as I noted during our last quarter call, we entered the fourth quarter with a strong backlog of equipment orders, including some that occurred in the -- early in the fourth quarter due to the timing of the end of the third quarter. I think we provided some color on this during the third quarter conference call. So overall, I think we continue to be happy with our North American Dental businesses. They're doing well, gaining market share. The team has high morale and overall, the management is doing a very good job. Now let's take a look at the North American Medical team and their performances. The team also, by the way, is doing a very good job. Happy with the management to that team and how they're leading us through some of the changes in the physician environment. The performance was good, very good, actually during the quarter, with internal growth well in excess of our estimate for the market growth.  During the fourth quarter, we distributed about 1.7 million doses of seasonal influenza vaccines as planned, bringing our total for the year to 11.6 million doses, with sales of approximately $88 million. We expect to distribute a similar number of doses in 2012. We are quite comfortable with the current supply agreements for seasonal flu vaccine, and the profitability for these products in 2012 is expected to be potentially a little higher the comparable numbers for 2011. The team on the -- so overall, very good North American Medical performance. I think we're doing well with -- working very well on taking advantage of the change in dynamics with respect to the consolidation in that field and expect to continue to garner market share in the next year or so. So let's now turn to the North American Animal Health business, where we continue to be very pleased with the results of that team's performance. This business, we believe, is growing well in excess of the market. Again, remember, in North America Animal Health, we are focused virtually exclusively on the companion animal side. So I think when trying to understand the market share growth in this sector, it's very, very important to understand that we are only focused on the companion animal side in this country. Our sales growth is due primarily to expanding the breadth and depth of our product offerings and to strengthen relationships with our customers. We recently acquired all of the Oak Hill Capital Partners' interest in Butler Schein Animal Health, and Henry Schein now owns 71.7% of this business. Since its formation 2 years ago, Butler Schein Animal Health has performed exceedingly well. Today, it is one of the anchors in our leading global Animal Health business, which has annual sales in the United States, in Europe and Australia and New Zealand of approximately $2 billion on a GAAP reported basis. And from a strategic perspective, the Butler Schein Animal Health joint venture is yet another example of the benefits to Henry Schein and to our partners in structuring such partnerships, which benefit all parties. So we're very pleased with the leadership of our Animal Health business in North America with the partnership we had, which included the Oak Hill Capital Partners and now is a partnership between us and the Ashkin Family, and we couldn't be happier with the way this has turned out from a financial point of view, from a strategic point of view and from a partnership point of view. So now let's take a look at our international operations, which also featured solid sales growth in our Dental, Medical and Veterinary businesses and of course, was complemented by the acquisition of Provet Holdings in Australia and New Zealand and that is now annualized out. On prior fourth quarter, we had strong growth in dental equipment, in part because of the various tax incentives in Australia and New Zealand. Against that tough comparison, our international group had very good rates of growth and so it's really important to take out -- to take in account the tremendous sales in Australia and New Zealand in the fourth quarter of 2010. As a result of this, tax incentives had expired and if you take that out -- you take that into account, the results for this year were really very, very impressive on the international side.  Early in January, we acquired Veterinary Instrumentation, which is the leading supplier of surgical instruments and implants to veterinary surgeons in United Kingdom, not a material company in terms of sales, $11 million. But the company, which was founded by John Lapish, who began his career in the late 70s as an orthopedic animal health surgeon, focused on small animals. Dr. Lapish started designing and developing instruments for his own use and as the word got out to the other veterinarians and the demand for these products increased, he formed Veterinary Instrumentation. This acquisition holds strategic importance to Henry Schein, not only of course in the U.K. but globally. And we look forward to bringing the portfolio of high-quality specialty products to a growing number of professionals across Europe, here in the U.S. and in Australia. So overall, the international team and we could, of course, add more color if anybody has any more specific questions, did very well. I think it is fair to say that there are some challenges in Europe. But overall, the key markets are markets that we are comfortable with, that we will continue to grow our market share and our profitability. So now to the Technology and Value-Added Services business. We once again had a strong growth including the successful integration of strategic acquisitions. Indeed, total growth in this business has exceeded 20% for 5 consecutive quarters. As Steven mentioned, our Electronic Services and Financial Services businesses continue to be particularly strong.  So I'm very pleased with the management team and the performance of our Practice Solutions business here in the United States, on the Dental side, on the Animal Health side and particularly pleased with the performance of our SOE business on the Dental side. Also they now have some veterinary businesses in the U.K., Ireland, Australia and New Zealand and looking forward to expanding our software franchise outside of the United States.  Also Henry Schein Financial Services had a especially good quarter and the market share of our equipment sales that is being financed by Henry Schein Financial Services is growing, and I think is a very good, by any standards, with actually potential to increase our market share in the future as well. So overall, our Henry Schein Value-Added Services business, Software and Financial Services had another great quarter. So that's very high level 60,000 feet high, take a look at our 2011 accomplishments. Looking back at the year as a whole, 2011 has been both challenging and high rewarding as we faced dynamic changes in our businesses. What's going on? Although there remains uncertainty in the global economy, we believe that Henry Schein is well positioned for the future and is affected by macro-economic factors to a far lesser extent compared with other areas of healthcare and specifically, industry at large. So let's take a moment to cite a few highlights from 2011. First, we did complete a number of strategic acquisitions last year. On the Veterinary side, we closed our purchase of Provet Holdings, which is Australasia's largest distributor of veterinary products with annual revenues of about $280 million at the time of our acquisitions. I just visited with the team in Australia and New Zealand last week and the morale is good. We've gotten through the challenges of integrating into a larger business public company like Henry Schein very well, and I think the team is doing a great job. They have their eyes set on taking the business north into Asia and very, very pleased with the team that they're putting together to do just that as well.  We also acquired majority ownership positions in McAllister Software Systems and their AVImark practice and the AVImark practice management system, which is part of the McAllister Software Systems and the most popular actually practice management system. And then ImproMed and the Infinity practice management software product was also acquired and of course, ImproMed is a high-quality system. AVImark, too, but ImproMed is also particularly feature-rich. So between these systems, we have now combined sales in the Animal Health Software business of close to $25 million and we believe from a market point of view, have the same positioning as we have on the Dental Software space in North America and in Australia, New Zealand, the U.K. and Ireland. On the Medical side, we acquired a relatively small but strategically important company, Alpha Scientific, which strengthen our presence in the very important medical markets in Southern California. Alpha Scientific had sales of $10 million in 2010. If we take a look at the International Dental business, we are very pleased with the performance of the acquisition in southeastern France, a very strategic acquisition. The Sogim Grimouille business which, in 2010, had sales of $20 million but the strategic value is much greater than the sales. So that's a little bit on the strategic acquisition side. Now second several notable highlights, we're looking 2011 financial performance should be mentioned. Net sales reached a record $8.5 billion, representing approximately 12% growth on a comparable week basis. It's actually, on a GAAP basis, higher but taking out that extra week, takes it down to 12% growth. That's several times the growth of the marketplace -- the average marketplace of our 3 major business segments. EPS, diluted, increased by approximately 11% on a non-GAAP basis. And we generated almost $510 million of cash flow, which substantially exceeds our net income for the year.  So overall, financial performance was very good. And the third highlight and testament to the strength of our market position and our future business prospects is that in March -- sorry, in mid-August of 2011, our Board of Directors authorized a repurchase of $200 million of shares of common stock. This program was additive to the $100 million repurchase program announced in November of 2010. During 2011, we repurchased approximately $200 million of stock, and we expect to continue buying shares during 2012 as part of our ongoing stock buyback program.  So now let me conclude with our thoughts on the future. We are very, very, very excited about our portfolio we have assembled, the markets we're in, dental, the physician marketplace and the veterinary marketplace. And with this in mind, we entered into a strategic and organizational development plan process in 2011. And specifically, over the last 6 months or so, members of our executive management team had been engaged in the process of developing and documenting Henry Schein's 2012 to '14 strategic plan. Our vision, our goal, the question we answered was what would we like Henry Schein to look like on January 1, 2015 and to create the appropriate strategies and focus to achieve this vision. One of the measured goals from a financial point of view was for us to aim at generating sales in excess of $2 billion -- I'm sorry, $10 billion along with improved profitability. And our goal is not to leave that to the last day of the strategic plan but to build up the $10 billion relatively soon. So that's aspirational, but I don't think it's too far of a reach. And if you look at our track record, our $6 billion in 2008, $7.5 billion in '09 and in '10 and $8.5 billion in '11, I think the trajectory would lead one to be comfortable that our aspiration is realistic. Of course, we're not providing guidance on this. This is entirely an internal aspiration. At the core of our initiatives to support this plan and our financial goals in the establishment of a -- is the establishment of a global, highly customer-centric group of business units. We are, in fact, establishing 3 and then we score customer-centric business groups, the global Dental group, the global Medical group and the global Animal Health group, as well as the global Technology and Value-Added Services group. At the same time, we will be strengthening our company-wide functions, that are used by these 3 groups to advance their business, namely, our Global Services, our Business Development, our Financial Services, Legal Services as well. In fact, beginning with the reporting of financial results for the quarter -- first quarter of 2012, we will be providing net sales and sales comparisons for each of these 3 global vertical groups that I just mentioned: the Dental, Medical and Animal Health global vertical groups.  Importantly, we believe that the formation of these global business groups will provide distinct organizational focus for reaching each of our practitioner segments, and we will do so with the benefits of a global perspective, which I think is very, very important to understand. Our suppliers are global. Our customers have a lot in common throughout the world and we need to think global but act local. And we need to think that way for strategy and on the operational side and of course, with respect to our global products and services offering and global best practices. So it's global thinking at Henry Schein and the process that we began 20 years ago of being the first distributor in our field to be really reaching global goals is well underway. We have an outstanding global management team that are culturally and internationally competent. So we have an overarching corporate goal of global leadership in servicing healthcare practitioners in an office or ultimate care setting and of recognizing -- recognition by our customers as meeting the changing needs by providing superior value and experience. These are not hollow words. This is the series of goals that we've set for ourselves and we've always, traditionally always met the goals we've set for ourselves.  To achieve these goals, we have identified 6 priorities. First, the very first priority is pursue growth on a global scale and the market is somewhere north of $30 billion globally. It depends on how you define it and we have $8.5 billion, at least 1/2 of the market is still in the hands of relatively undercapitalized competitors. So there's really lots and lots of opportunity to continue the growth of the company in new geographies and keeping our relations with current customers in Dental, Medical and Animal Health arena. We have no plans, by the way, to go beyond the businesses that we're in. There's too much opportunity, and we want to focus on further consolidation of these markets and bringing further value-added services to market so that we can help our customers run a better business. So that they can provide better clinical care. So the first is to pursue global growth and to increase our scale. The second goal is the optimization of our cost structure and processes, where we have already begun to take actions Steven previously noted earlier on in the conference call. The third is priority -- the third priority is a commitment to continue development of our human capital, recognizing that Team Schein remains our most valuable asset. We've invested the team for decades and continue to view this as investing in our team as one of the most important, if not, the most important investment the company could make.  The next goal is superior relationships with our suppliers with continued focus on branded, exclusive and private-label products. Our customers, our suppliers are critical to us, and we want those suppliers that work well with us to understand that the best place for them to do business is Henry Schein and that they will make more money and be more successful by doing business with Henry Schein than with any of their other customers.  Our fifth priority is satisfying our customers' clinical and business needs, which is actually critical in a dynamic business environment. So we need to understand what's on our customers' minds and in the sixth goal, is the commitment to deliver innovative customer solutions that meet our customers' clinical and business needs today and in the future. The various initiatives under our 2012, 2014 strategic plan reflect how far we have come as a company, and it's a real recognition of the size and scope of our organization.  In 1990, our revenues were $236 million, primarily in the Dental Mail order business. In 2011, our revenues exceeded $8.5 billion and in 1990, we were just starting to enter countries beyond the U.S. Today, our International business generates some $3 billion in sales to practitioners in more than 200 countries with operations on the ground in 23 countries outside of North America. So the offering has significantly expanded from the Mail Order Consumable business to the most comprehensive array of consumables, equipment, software, financial services and other value-added services than any company in our space has to offer. So the performance -- the aspirations are good and the delivery on those aspirations from a performance point of view was excellent and our team -- we really appreciate the hard work and effectiveness of our team. So as we look back on the 20 years since we implemented our first globalized strategic plan, as we look back on the period since we have become a public company in November of 1995, I think it is fair to say that we've done a good job. We set goals. We deliver on them, not always in exactly the month we wanted to, but if you look at the track record going back to the 65 or so quarters, I think you will see that the track record is very, very good. And let me take this opportunity to thank the team, our suppliers, our customers and our investors for working with us to achieve these goals.  So operator, I think we have time now for some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Albert J. Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Maybe if I could just ask going back to the dental strength in the North American Dental, obviously, encouraging to see strength both in the consumables and equipment. I understand, particularly, in equipment in the fourth quarter, some of that could be just this normal seasonality of year-end buying and so forth. Can you step back and say how much do you think is an underlying strengthening on the ongoing tone of North American Dental? And how much might have just been a strong year-end push?
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, first of all, by the way, it's a very good question. First of all, every year, we have a fourth quarter that is driven by year-end buys. Of course, the greater New York meeting is the shopping place for year-end buys and every year, we have a tax consideration because, very often, dentists and even doctors or veterinarians for that matter, sit with their accountants in October, November and they make their financial decisions -- their planning decisions based on tax considerations. So I think fourth quarters always have the same dynamic. Having said that, the mood, I think, in dentistry is pretty good right now. Even during recession times, it was okay. There were 4, 5 quarters where the mood was not good. But right now, I would say the mood is good. Traffic in the offertory is solid. In some places, it's constant. In others, it's going up. And I don't think there are many parts of the country, although there are some, where traffic is actually going down. So I would say, the mood in the dental world today, from our perspective, is quite good.
Albert J. Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay, all right. And then maybe my follow-up would be just to understand on the restructuring. I'm sure others will ask questions here to. It seems like there is sort of an aspect of it that is to streamline efficiencies, particularly, in the international side that's sort of immediate and then there's some more global long-term strategic repositioning of the divisions. But in the short term, on the international operations, is there immediate cost savings that are benefited from this $0.08 to $0.10 restructuring charge? Will there be ongoing cost savings from that, that you can point to?
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, Steven will respond to the ongoing number. But just let me confirm to you that this is really part of a global reorganization to bring our organization into alignment with our strategic plan, to establish the 3 global verticals: Dental, Medical, Animal Health and to provide these business units with the resources they need to implement the strategic plan. So in certain parts of the business, we need to taper down our resources. In other parts of the business, we need to advance additional resources. So I think we've spoken, in the past, to shareholders about additional management resources we brought on board, both for succession purposes but also to bring us new skills that are required to implement our strategic plan. So on one side, it's bringing down spend in a certain part of the company and on another side, it's advancing resource spend in the areas that are important to advance the company on these 3 verticals and implementing our strategic plan. Having said that, Steven can give you comments on how this is likely to impact our actual expense -- expansion in the company.
S. Paladino: Yes, we do expect it to have a cost savings that will be ongoing. I would point out, though, for 2012, because the restructuring efforts are spanning the first half of the year, at best, we get 1/2 year benefit from those restructuring efforts in 2012. But we do think that it will bring ongoing cost savings. There's really 2 activities. There's some elimination of some positions, although that's a smaller piece of it. There's also some facility closings -- some smaller facility closings. So those will have continued ongoing benefits. Again, at best, 1/2 of that benefit is in 2012 and we're trying to be conservative on that in our guidance also. But we do look forward to bring ongoing benefits into 2013 and beyond.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Steve, just wanted to start on the operating margins. I know the goal, the annual goal is usually for 30 to 50 basis points of expansion. Looking at the 4Q results, top line growth really strong but didn't seem to necessarily translate to the operating margin line. I guess, maybe, just what kind of top line growth do you feel you need to see a little bit more leverage in the P&L? And then, I guess along those lines, following on AJ's questions, is that in part what the restructuring is intended to help do, create a little bit more leverage in the model?
S. Paladino: Quick answer to the second part of your question is yes, it helps to obtain additional leverage. But let me just point out, for Q4, when you exclude the current year acquisitions and the impact because of lower profitability on flu vaccine sales, we actually got 24 basis points of operating margin expansion. So it's still a little bit below our goal and it's only for Q4. So we believe after restructuring efforts but even beyond that, the ability to leverage incremental sales growth, you probably need at least mid-single digit internal sales growth to get to the lower end of our goal in margin expansion. And again, our margin expansion, Bob, is always guidance, excluding the impact of acquisition. So keep that in mind. I wouldn't focus completely on the restructuring. The goal is to get annual operating margin expansion. We have done that over a long history of time. We still believe that there's good opportunity, although there's balancing with entering into new markets, especially in the emerging markets, where today that's an investment. But overall, we still feel comfortable that operating margin expansion is a good opportunity for us, and we expect to achieve it, certainly, during this next 3-year strategic plan window.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then, Stanley, just to -- I know you commented on the North American Dental. The way I'm looking at equipment, I was wondering within the International business last quarter, clearly, there seemed to be a little more cautionary commentary in Europe around equipment. Could you maybe just give us a little bit more detail in the 4Q results on how the dental equipment shaped up in Europe? And then maybe just current thoughts on how you see that progressing in 2012.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. Well, Steve will give you specifics on the actual growth numbers internationally and shading on countries et cetera. But I think that the business is in pretty good shape. However, this is the one area in the portfolio I'm tending to be personally a little bit more cautious because if there is a tightening of credits or the stock markets don't do that well in Europe, that could make our customers a little bit negative. But I have to tell you, we're not seeing any significant swings yet. It's not as enthusiastic as it was, say, the day after the IDS meeting or the day of the IDS meeting but -- and so the data we're seeing is not that negative. But I think logic says that this is the one area we need to be a little bit cautious, and I think Steven has taken that into account as he's built his budgets.
S. Paladino: So just on equipment internationally, first, let me point out that when you look at the total international numbers, the equipment sales growth was only up slightly, a little less than 1%. But there's a story to that and the story is that, as Stanley said in his remarks, Australia and New Zealand had significant tax incentives in 2010, that people took advantage of to buy equipment. And excluding that, we did get -- I don't have the exact number, but low single-digit equipment sales growth on the equipment, on the international side. More broadly, when we look at our geographic split, we had during the quarter, very strong growth in the 3 large countries for us, namely, Germany, France and the U.K. Other countries also did well, including Australia and New Zealand on the consumables side. And of course, some of the Mediterranean countries are having a little bit of weakness. Italy is our biggest market there. So they're not having a stronger period. But overall, you know, I would say that internationally, right now, we're feeling like those markets also are modestly improving. Now be careful because if you're in a country where the improvement is -- the market declining less, that may be true for some of, again, the Mediterranean countries. But certainly, Germany, France and the U.K., we're getting good growth. The U.K. market is probably the softest of those big 3. But we're gaining market share so we're doing well in that market. And again, the goal in our guidance is to have a conservative bias because there is a fair amount of uncertainty as to what's happening in Europe. We hope that, that conservative bias will turn out to be more conservative than what we built in, and we'll have some upside to that. But it's still early on in the year and we felt that it was not the time to be more optimistic at this time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Steve, if I could maybe just follow up a little bit on the non-Dental business. Essentially, if I look at your Medical growth and the Vet growth, it certainly surprised me on the upside a little bit and I was wondering if you could discuss what happened in the Medical business a little bit more specifically, particularly, given there was a lack of seasonal flu this year. I'm kind of curious as to why the results were as strong as they were.
S. Paladino: Sure. And I think you're also asking about Animal Health so I'll comment on that, too. Medical -- we're clearly -- on both Medical and Animal Health, we're clearly gaining market share in both of those markets and by a pretty significant margin. Because if you look at Medical internal sales growth of slightly over 7%, the margin is probably just marginally positive. So most of that growth is market share gains. I think we're seeing growth in a couple of areas. One is in larger group practices that we're winning business in that area. This emerging -- it's more than emerging. This trend of practices that are either owned or affiliated on a group basis, either by IDNs or otherwise. So we're gaining share in that market, which is probably the fastest growing subsegment of the physician market and in other area, there are some pharmaceutical products, non-flu vaccine pharmaceutical products that we're capitalizing on, that we're doing well with. And as you probably know, we are a leader in the physician -- that niche physician pharma market. So we're benefiting probably more than our competition on some of those products because of that. So the Medical continues to be very solid. Turning to Animal Health. Animal Health, this quarter, putting another extremely good quarter, also growing just slightly north of 7%. That's probably at least 2x what the market is growing in Animal Health. So that's very positive. I think, here, it's a continuation of -- we now have our Butler Schein team completely focused on driving market share gain. The integration is behind them. They're still -- their sales force is still learning all the new products, the new tools that they have as a part of the merger with Henry Schein business. And also there is a pharma product that's also aiding our growth as well as the market's. So that's just a little bit more color on both of those. We still think that, that is something that's continuing. We don't see weakness in either of those markets in the short term. Obviously, in the longer term, I would say, it's impossible to grow at 2x or 3x what the market is growing for the indefinite period of time.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Well, I guess, that was my question. I'm just kind of looking at sort of the market growth in your non-Dental businesses and non-Dental is now over 40% of the company by my estimate. Is it fair to say that this business is growing faster than Dental and is probably a little bit easier to take market share? Because I'm trying to put that in the context, Stan, of some of your comments regarding the company's internal goals if I look out 3 years, and I understand, you're not giving any guidance in the out years. But based on some of your internal goals, it appears you're looking to grow revenues compounded annually in that 5% to 6% growth range and as I think about it, with Dental kind of lagging behind that number, maybe it's the non-Dental businesses that kind of get you there. Is that a fair assessment or no?
Stanley M. Bergman: What I think you need to look at is our strategic goals. I think we spent a long time. We want to grow a couple of hundred basis points more than the market growth. We want to take our operating margin up by 25 to 50 basis points, somewhere around there. You do that and you end up with mid-term -- you end up with high single-digit EPS growth. Our goal is always to add a little bit through acquisitions and then you end up in the low teens. So I think -- what I'm thinking that's very, very important is to bear that in mind. When you look at the Animal Health numbers and you compare that to our competition and one has to be very careful. There are a couple of things here. First is the switching periodically both ways from agency to sales booked at the full rate of the sale. It does have margin implications but there's a difference between agency sale and regular sales, as when reports from a GAAP basis, so not the time in the call to go to the details. If you want it, please, anyone, feel free to give Steven or Susan or our guest relations people a call to get those details. But I think that has to be taken account. Then the swing between us and our competition on what happens in the large animal area has to be taken into account. So I think, overall, we expect to gain market share in the Animal Health arena. I think we're well positioned to do that. Our investments in the software area have paid off. I think there is lots of opportunity in the Medical arena as the market shifts from 1 and 2 and 3 practitioner offices to larger offices to multiple locations under common management. We've always done well in that area. If you look at the Dental space, I think the same dynamics apply. I think the consolidation in the Dental space, although not as rapid in the Medical, is moving in our favor. I think we've always had a big market share in that area. That part of the industry is spending money. So I would say in the North American area, we still believe we have lots of upside and certainly, although no one can guarantee, we're quite comfortable with growing at a couple of hundred basis points above the market growth. As it applies to international, I think Germany will do okay. France and Italy have somehow, even with challenged economies in the last decade or whatever, always tended to be okay. The U.K. is this year's challenge, I don't know if it's going to be next year's challenge but it's not material. The rest of Europe kind of balances itself out. You have Holland that does okay, always has, and you've got Spain that is a little bit -- has had some challenges, shall we say. But we're working off a lower base. The base really went down significant 3 years ago. And then, we have very good markets in Australia and New Zealand, and we had some issue there between the fourth quarter of 2010, being great the first quarter of 2011, not being so great second quarter of 2011. But it's not material overall. So if one looks through the portfolio, internationally, I think we will have okay growth in Europe, a little bit of some new business in the developing world and probably a turnaround in Australia and New Zealand. So I think the international world should also do okay and the 200 basis points or so more than the market, from an internal growth point of view, should be there. So overall, internal growth, I think it's well spread throughout the portfolio with my sense that on the acquisition side, barring perhaps something unusual happening on the positive side, shall we say, it's likely to be tilted towards international rather than the U.S. simply because the opportunities are there, although it's a greater extent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Cherny - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So just thinking about some of your long-term strategic initiatives. Obviously, Stan, you brought up the idea of pursuing growth on a global scale. As you think about where you guys are strategically and it was obviously a much bigger move with Provet into the Australia and New Zealand markets last year. Are there any other geographies that you're particularly focused on in terms of building out, anywhere that you're not right now that you want to get into with the strength you've had in the Australia regions, that's somewhere you want to continue to grow? I'm just trying to get a sense of -- as you think about that long-term 3-year plan, when we get to 1/1/15, where does Henry Schein have a bigger presence from a geographic perspective?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, I'd like to be as specific as possible but obviously, for competitive reasons, it's probably not a good idea because when the word gets outs, the chance coming to market, that doesn't make any easier for us. And sometimes we just like to arrive. So having said that, I think Europe presents a market of the size of the U.S. and in the U.S, we have a significantly bigger market share than in Europe. So then Europe is there. I think the markets of Asia in the developing world and the aggregates are also equal to the U.S. and Europe. So if you break the world into 3 big markets of about equal size and I'm done converting [ph] it to the nearest dollar, you've got North America, you've got Europe and you've got Asia. And I don't -- I can't see a reason why we should not have similar market shares in Asia and the rest of the world, in Europe versus the U.S. and I still think there's upside in the U.S. So exactly how the mix works out is no one can tell because a lot of our acquisitions across all of them are opportunistic. But I think there's upside in the U.S. and there's opportunity in Europe and the rest of the world, the other 1/3 to also grow. And there's a gap between our market shares in North America and our market shares in Europe and our market share in the rest of the world. So it's all over and lots and lots of opportunity over the next 3 years. But clearly, I think the globalization is critical for us as well as, by the way, expanding our footprint in business with specialists.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Michael R. Minchak - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's actually Mike Minchak in for Lisa. Just a couple of questions. First on the North American Dental equipment side. The growth in the fourth quarter bounced back after decline in the third quarter. Just wondering if you had a sense for how much of the fourth quarter growth do you think came from the end of your tax incentives. And maybe based on your sales pipeline, are you currently anticipating growth in that North American Dental equipment market in 2012?
Stanley M. Bergman: Sure. First, let me point out that our North American Dental equipment growth of 3.8%, I think, was the highest that we've achieved in 6 or 7 quarters. So yes, it was a little bit of tax pull-through. But I think that statement would still be true to a slightly less of extent without the tax incentives. So we do think that we saw an improvement in the Dental equipment market. Remember, a lot of this, Mike, is the sentiment in the dental office, dentists feel like the business -- the economies are doing well. Patient traffic is steady and maybe modestly improving. So that allows them to make some investments in their own practice. We think that we'll see growth in the market and we'll take market share in equipment in 2012 in the dental market. That's our goal. I'll remind you also that the negative sales impact related to [indiscernible] is now over. So that's annualized. So we had a little bit of that negative impact in Q4 so our growth was probably a little bit higher than that, maybe another 1/2 a point or so. So that's now gone. So that will help also into 2012. So we feel again, like the Dental equipment market is beginning to improve and come back. I just want to be careful because it's really hard for us to estimate exactly how much of that improvement in Q4 is related to tax incentives. I think, again, though just to conclude, we still would have had the best quarter in 6 quarters on equipment, even if the tax incentives were not as significant.
Michael R. Minchak - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Understood and then maybe just a quick housekeeping question. Are you assuming any additional share buybacks in your 2012 guidance?
Stanley M. Bergman: No. There's maybe a small modest amount from what we've already completed in Q1 that's baked in. But really, there's not -- acquisitions and stock buyback are based on when we do that so it's really not baked into any significant expense in our guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with UBS.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So it seems like you guys have a pretty good momentum here exiting 2011. I'm just kind of curious -- just general comments on leaving the 2012 EPS guidance unchanged, if that's just being conservative. And I only ask because -- this is probably semantics but it just seems like the same EPS range you now suggest, basically about 6% to 8% growth, instead of 8% to 10% previously when you factor in ending 2011 on a higher EPS base and also the additional Butler JV accretion. But just sort of the general thoughts around the 2012 guidance.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. The overall growth is 7% to 9%. I guess there's a few comments. One, just remember, everyone, that 2012 is one less selling week than 2011. That probably has at least a 1% negative impact on EPS, maybe slightly more than that, maybe as much as 1.5%. So that's just a fact. We can't do anything about that. The second point is the goal was to put out guidance with a little bit of a conservative bias. We do think that the global economies, while they're improving and our markets seem to be improving, the sustainability of that still has some uncertainty. And we've decided that, especially given what's going on in Europe, that it was more prudent to be conservative in the outlook. We're hoping that -- we're maybe being a little bit too conservative but time will tell. And maybe the last thing that I would point to is when you look at foreign exchange rates, when we -- while on the call, when we initially gave guidance, the dollar to the euro was either $1.36 or $1.37. Today, it's slightly north of $1.30. So that has a negative impact on translating EPS growth. We still -- that's not negatively impacting our guidance because we were conservative on what we've used in foreign exchange rate. But obviously, now that conservatism is less because of the way the dollar has strengthened. And quite frankly, I don't think anyone really can predict with any degree of certainty what's going to happen, although I personally think that there's a greater likelihood that the euro will weaken a little further. But we'll see what happens. There's a little bit of conservatism built into what's going on with foreign exchange rate. And those are maybe the 3 things I'd point to and maybe less -- still early in the year. It's only mid-February now, right? It's still a long way to go for the year to go.
S. Paladino: And having said that, I must say we are feeling very comfortable with our business. But this is not the time to be adjusting guidance. Let's have another quarter or so under our belt and -- but the business is feeling pretty good right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Stanley, I was hoping I could push you a little bit just on your strategic, your 3-year plan as you talk about getting to that $10 billion, obviously, a big goal there. But when you look at the numbers, it's maybe about 5% to 6% compounded annual growth over the next few years and you yourself started talking through kind of what your -- historically your company-wide plan has been, which is 4% to 5% or maybe 5%, 6% market, shying a couple of points above that and then acquisitions on top of that. So where you typically talked about maybe mid to upper single-digit company-wide growth, you're putting out a 3-year plan of 5% to 6%. How do I just reconcile those 2?
Stanley M. Bergman: Maybe I didn't use the right word. It's over $10 billion. And I hope our team is listening in to the call because that's the hope and the aspiration. I think the aspiration, obviously, has to be a little bit ahead of our commitments to the street. But overall, this should be a company, January 1, 2015, well over $10 billion
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So we shouldn't read that at all to mean that maybe Schein's ability to outperform the markets by 100 or 200 basis points, you're coming off that or that you're coming off kind of your acquisition -- expectations of maybe a few hundred points annualized a year over the longer term?
Stanley M. Bergman: Not at all. Not at all. I think if $11 billion or so were a round number, the number may have been $11 billion. $10 billion sounds like a nice aspiration and it's got to be over that or north. We give an exact time, we're not saying it's going to happen on January 1. Hopefully, a little bit earlier.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And Steve, could you just a little color maybe on basic equipment versus high-tech equipment in the quarter. And then the follow-up there, just on the basic equipment side, I think you guys are making some push or making a push on kind of the office planning side and some courses you're running this year or planning to run this year. Can you just talk about maybe how you think high-tech versus basic dental equipment plays out this year?
S. Paladino: Sure. I think the good news is while high-tech continues to be the fastest subcategory within our overall Dental equipment growth, we had very, very good growth in traditional equipment also, not as good. Of course, again, high-tech was the fastest growing but traditional equipment is growing and helped contribute to that overall almost 4% growth. So it was really across the board and going forward, we do expect to -- I still think high-tech equipment will continue to outperform traditional equipment in the next year or 2 or longer, simply because higher return on investment for our customer base, as well as still relatively modest market penetration. As you know, the traditional equipment is a combination mostly of replacement market, as well as, as new offices open or people move to a new office, many times they'll re-equip their office. But it's primarily a replacement market whereas digital x-ray, CAD/CAM, intra-oral cameras and other high-tech equipment still is growing in demand and market penetration for our customers. So we think that will continue for at least the next few years.
Operator: And we now have time for one last question. That will come from the line of Larry Marsh with Barclays Capital.
Lawrence C. Marsh - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a couple of quick clarifications. First, Steve, on the segment reporting, just to confirm, you're going to be giving us 8 segments now versus 6 starting in March. Is that right?
S. Paladino: No, no. Let me clarify because that's not correct. We have today -- we show effectively 2 segments, right? We have healthcare distribution and technology. And then we have subcomponents within healthcare distribution. So the first thing is that technology will stay the same. No changes there. So there's going to be core technology as a separate segment. The change is occurring within the healthcare distribution segments. Other than showing what we currently show, which is Dental, Medical, Vet for North America individually and then International, the subsectors there will be Global Dental, Global Medical, Global Vet and International will effectively go away. So it's going 3 subsegments within healthcare distribution rather than before. So again -- so I just want to clarify and I'm glad you asked that. And then what we'll do, we'll probably continue to give some color information on geographically, North American sales growth within Dental, Europe and maybe rest of world something like that, although we haven't completely determined that. The other thing I wanted to point out, Larry, is what we plan on doing is providing a data book on historical information in this format. The goal is to post something on our website for investors during the third quarter, within the next probably 4 weeks or so, so that investors and analysts can see the historical reporting, see the growth rates and begin thinking about that in preparation for our Q1 results.
Lawrence C. Marsh - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right, okay. So you're going to try to be -- you have some clarification on components but you're not specifically going to give us any more North American equipment -- North American Dental equipment, North American Dental consumables.
S. Paladino: I think we probably will continue to do that at least during the transitional period because we want to try to be very transparent with our investor group, and we recognize that people have looked at this for many years in the way that we've historically presented it and we don't want people to lose their data points.
Lawrence C. Marsh - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, good. Okay, that makes sense. Implicitly, you already gave us International, Vet, Medical and Dental through your percentage numbers but it will be helpful to see that. I guess then and just a clarification about your strategic initiative internationally. You mentioned the $11 million to $13 million. So once you get through 2012, that should be a profit generator for you. So can you elaborate with 3 teams now versus 1, why that will be the cost saver? And are you in a position to say -- in ballpark numbers, what kind of cost savings you can get out of that, say, starting in 2013?
S. Paladino: I hesitate a little bit but it has a slightly greater than a 1:1 payback once fully implemented. So that's -- I'd rather leave it at that. It will be a little bit greater than that but not significantly. And again, it really depends on once implemented and executed.
Lawrence C. Marsh - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. And finally, so what usage do you think -- even though it's 3 teams now versus 1, it's actually being more streamlined, more efficient than what you have now. Is that what you're saying?
S. Paladino: I'm not sure I understand why you say 3 teams.
Lawrence C. Marsh - Barclays Capital, Research Division: We're using global. Oh, I see. I guess you're saying global. International is going to report up to a global head so I see, so you're really taking out some of the senior officers.
Stanley M. Bergman: No, no, no. I think some of these are apples and oranges. The first thing is, we have been organized along geographic lines from an internal point of view up to now. We had a North American Dental and Medical business. We had an International business and we had a business that was U.S. Animal Health and some Dental businesses. What we are doing is returning the business into, from an organizational point of view over the next 6 months or so, into 3 global verticals, one a global Dental business. And we issued announcement internally on the services being dealt with from an internal point of view, an international Animal Health business and a international Medical business. So there will be 3 global verticals. The management has been arranged -- rearranged to focus instead of on a geographical basis and within that geographical basis by profession. We are going to focus globally by profession because we think that there's a lot in common between the professional aspirations and the needs of the practitioner on a global basis, and we want to leverage the economies of competency. So it's not adding any additional management per se as a result of its reorganization or any additional costs. What we are doing independent of this, we are reducing expenditure in certain parts of the business, which is dealing essentially the reorganization and increasing expenditures to bring on expertise in new areas that we think are very important to drive our strategic plan.
Lawrence C. Marsh - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. Okay, that's clear now. And then finally, just a quick clarification on Medical. You may not quantify this much but I think you'd said, hey, we're gaining market share based on strong management positioning clearly the physician to practices associated with IDN and IDN is going faster than your overall business, which is growing 7%, which is great. Can you clarify, if you could, how fast is that piece of Medical growing, the IDN piece? And then just remind us when you mentioned strong management, the top 2 or 3 managers in that business that you highlight.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. So on the Medical side, IDN is part of it but it's really the newer entities that are emerging, which is entities that roughly correspond to multiple locations under common management or many more practitioners in one setting. And that, of course, includes IDNs in one way or another but not by any means exclusively IDN. So that part of the business is managed by our global services group, which we put into effect. We created that group 3 years ago and I think we spoke at the time about a strategic plan we just completed for our Medical area, which contemplated a view of 2 things. One is greater specialization and organization of the business by specialty to a greater extent and then the focusing on the global services group, which is these newer entities that have emerged. But when it comes to healthcare services, global services is different and healthcare services, which focuses on these newer entities. So there are 2 plays that have gone on our Medical world. One is a focus on specialty and the other is a focus on these newer entities through our healthcare services group. And that, I think, has driven quite a bit of our sales. Now you ask who's managing the group. Well, the group today is part of our North American group and that reports up to Jim Breslawski and the person -- the senior executive running our medical group is Dave McKinley, who joined the company, I would say, about 6 years ago. And he and his team drive our North American Medical group. There is also a small group in Europe but it's not material on the International Medical side. I'll take you through underneath that core spread, connect, take you up the sales side and so on and so forth.
S. Paladino: Yes. I'll just conclude because we're running a little late on time. But I'll just conclude. Now I don't want to be very specific on how fast that subsegment is growing but I will say, it's growing significantly faster and it's in the double-digit range. But I'd rather leave it at that for now. And just in the interest of time, I think Stanley is just going to wrap up at this time. We're running a little over.
Stanley M. Bergman: Right. These are good questions, and of course, please, everyone, feel free to give Steve a call at (621) 843-5912 or Susan Vassallo at the same with a 5564 -- 62. I don't call Susan that often. She has an office near me, 5562. And so please feel free to reach out to them.  Again, I think, you can sense from the prepared remarks and the Q&A, we remain very bullish about our business. We think we're in the right space. We think that preventative care is going to continue to drive our -- and a desire for preventative care is going to continue to drive our Dental business. The movement towards more primary care is also important in our Medical business, plus our focus on specialty in the dental world and in the medical world is helping us. Our global view of things, I think, is the right strategy for us at this time. And as I've said before, there's no need for us to leave this terrific marketplace of the office-based practitioner, lots and lots of value-added service business to go, software opportunities all over the place and we're very, very happy with the strategic plan we have, with our senior management team, with the entire motivation level of the company. And I've just visited our European businesses, Australia and New Zealand business, and I can report to shareholders that we really are -- have a company with high morale and excitement. So we look forward to speaking to you. I think it's in -- this time, it's 8 weeks' time and when we will be reporting on our first quarter numbers. So thank you, thank you and bye-bye.
Operator: This concludes the Henry Schein Fourth Quarter Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stanley M. Bergman - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer S. Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Executive Director Susan Vassallo - Vice President of Corporate Communications
Analysts: John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael R. Minchak - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Albert J. Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Third Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, Susan.
Susan Vassallo: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's third quarter results. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, today, November 1, 2011. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. [Operator Instructions] With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you very much, Susan, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on this call. We are very pleased to be reporting sales growth in local currencies in each of our 5 businesses during this third quarter of 2011. And company-wide, sales growth was nearly 12% or approximately 13% when excluding sales of seasonal influenza vaccines for both periods, important to adjust for that to understand how our core business is doing.  Third quarter results were impacted by lower sales and profits from these seasonal influenza vaccine sales. During the third quarter, we distributed 9.9 million doses of seasonal influenza vaccine versus 11.2 million doses in last year's third quarter. Now it's important to realize we have substantially sold all of our 11.6 million doses commitment for 2011 as of today -- as of this call. And as we previously announced, we reduced our commitment for influenza vaccine doses by approximately 2 million doses earlier this year. So, excluding sales of influenza vaccine from both periods, net income and diluted earnings per share did increase by double digits.  We are also introducing 2012 guidance for diluted earnings per share to be from $4.25 to $4.34 per share, which represents a growth of 8% to 10% compared to the midpoint of our 2011 EPS guidance. We would like to note that 2012 fiscal year includes 1 less week than 2011. So, I think it's important to understand the points I've just made. Steven will elaborate on these and magnify the important areas to focus on.  Overall, we're quite happy with the performance of our company. The business is doing very well in each of our business units. We are very focused. We have just completed the strategic planning process, and know exactly where we want to focus for the years 2012 to '14 so that we can continue to generate earnings in a measured and credible way and continue to show the results that we had over the past 16 years as a public company.  In a moment, I'll provide some commentary on each of our business units. But first, let Steven provide an overview of our quarterly financial results. Steven, please.
S. Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stan, and good morning to everyone. I'm also pleased to be reporting solid sales growth for the third quarter of 2011. If we turn to our financial performance, our net sales for the quarter ended September 24, 2011, were $2.1 billion, reflecting an increase of 11.5% compared with the third quarter of 2010. This consists of 7.4% growth in local currencies and a 4.1% increase related to foreign currency exchange.  In local currencies, internally-generated sales were up 3.3% while acquisition growth contributed an additional 4.1%. As Stanley just mentioned, in order to provide more meaningful commentary about the quarter's results, we will be discussing our results both including and excluding the impact of influenza vaccine sales and their related profits.  So excluding sales of seasonal influenza vaccines from both periods, our net sales increase was 12.9%, with 8.6% growth in local currencies including 4.3% internally-generated. You can note the details of our sales growth, which are contained on Exhibit A in our earnings news release, which was issued earlier today.  Our operating margin for the third quarter of 2011 was 6.8%, which was a decline of 47 basis points compared with the third quarter of 2010. However, excluding the impact of current year acquisitions as well as sales of influenza vaccine from both periods, our operating margin expanded by approximately 14 basis points compared with the prior year.  As we discussed last quarter and in previous quarters, acquisitions sometimes carry a lower margin than our existing core business, and we view that as resetting the base operating margin for the business with opportunities for margin expansion on a go-forward basis.  Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.5%, which is in line with our guidance, and is down slightly from the 31.7% in the third quarter of 2010. We continue to expect the effective tax rate for the balance of the year to remain in the 31% range.  Net income attributable to Henry Schein Inc. for the third quarter of 2011 was $92 million or $0.99 per diluted share. This represents growth compared with the 2010 third quarter of 4.6% and 5.3%, respectively. However, again excluding seasonal flu vaccine sales, our net income and diluted EPS both increased by approximately 11% for the quarter.  Now I'd like to provide some detail on our sales results for the quarter. Our North American Dental sales for the third quarter of 2011 increased 2.5% to $682.4 million, and this consists of 1.8% growth in local currency, and a 0.7% increase related to foreign currency exchange.  Our consumable merchandise sales increased 2.9% in local currencies, all of which was internally generated as we believe we continue to gain market share.  Our Dental Equipment sales declined by 2.1% compared with the prior year quarter in local currencies, and this decline was substantially due to lower sales of BIOLASE product that we've talked about in past quarters. Let me point out that on an encouraging note, our order book for the fourth quarter -- going into the fourth quarter, was significantly stronger than it had been entering the third quarter. So we think that, that potentially has some positive impact in Q4 from a timing perspective, although it's still early on to really quantify exactly what that benefit may be.  Our North American Medical sales were $402.2 million in the third quarter, which was an increase of 2.6%. Internally-generated sales increased 1.8%, and acquisition growth was 0.8%. Again, if we exclude the impact of seasonal influenza vaccine sales from both periods, which we believe is a more comparable measure, our Medical sales for the third quarter increased by 8.1%, and internally-generated sales increased 7.1%. So we're very pleased that we believe we continue to gain market share in our medical business this quarter. Turning to our North American Animal Health sales. They were $246.5 million for the third quarter, an increase of 9.4%, all of which was internally-generated. As we have discussed in previous quarters, now that the formal Butler and Henry Schein Animal Health businesses have been completely integrated, we are seeing the benefits of our coordinated efforts to drive sales growth, and we certainly believe we gained market share in this market also.  Our international sales for the third quarter of 2011 were $718.5 million, an increase of 28% compared with the prior quarter. And this consists of a 15.2% increase in local currencies and a 12.8% increase related to foreign currency exchange. Our internal sales increased 3.1%, and acquisition growth contributed 12.1% in local currencies to our growth.  If we look at our International Dental sales, which represent about 62% of our international business, they were up 14.6% during the quarter. And this consists up 3.4% growth in local currencies and 11.2% growth from currency exchange rates. And our internally-generated sales growth in local currencies was about 2.5% with the remainder of acquisition growth of 0.9%.  We also saw growth in both merchandise, which was up, in local currencies, by 3.4%, and Dental Equipment which was up by 0.3%.  The balance of our international business is primarily our International Animal Health sales, which represents about 35% of our international business, and those sales increased by 61.5%. It consists of local growth of 44.6%, and an increase related to foreign currency exchange of 16.9%, and our internally-generated sales in local currencies are up 3.7%. And, of course, the large growth continues to be the acquisition of Provet in the Australia and New Zealand market, which contributed 40.9% to our growth rate. Turning to our Technology and Value-Added Services sales for the third quarter of 2011 were $62.2 million, up 26.5% compared with the prior year quarter. Here we saw internally generated-sales increasing 11.3% in local currencies, and acquisition growth contributing the balance of 13.9%. And again, that's due to the acquisitions earlier this year of both McAllister and ImproMed.  During the quarter, we saw particularly strong growth in both our electronic services as well as our financial services businesses. We continue to repurchase common stock in the open market during the third quarter. More specifically, we repurchased 1.6 million shares of our common stock during the quarter at an average price of $62.40 per share. The impact of the repurchase of shares in the third quarter was not material, although we do expect to get benefit on a go-forward basis.  As we have previously stated, the goal of our share buyback, was previously to keep the number of shares outstanding flat, but now our strategy is to be a bit more aggressive there and to reduce the number of shares versus the prior year on an ongoing basis.  If we take a brief look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow for the quarter, we had very strong operating cash flow for the quarter of $81.3 million, which compares to $47.8 million in the 2010 third quarter. We continue to expect to generate very strong operating cash flow, and for that cash flow to exceed our net income. Specifically, on accounts receivable, our days sales outstanding continue to be about 42 days, which was slightly improved over the same period last year. And our inventory turns were 6.6 turns, which also remains unchanged from the third quarter of last year. I'd like to conclude my remarks by discussing our balance of the year 2011, as well as 2012 full year financial guidance. We are reaffirming our 2011 diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, which is expected to be in the range of $3.92 to $3.98, and this represents a growth of about 9% to 11% over the full year 2010 results. As always, this 2011 guidance is for continuing operations, as well as completed or previously-announced acquisitions, and does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions that may occur. Turning to next year, we are introducing 2012 financial guidance as follows: For 2012, we expect growth and diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein to be in the $4.25 to $4.34 range, which represents a growth of approximately 8% to 10% compared with the midpoint of our 2011 guidance. It's important to note a couple of things as backdrop for the 2012 guidance. First, as we previously stated, 2012 has 1 less week than 2011; and in addition, we are providing this guidance with the backdrop, of what we believe are uncertain economic times, especially in Europe, and to a lesser extent in the U.S. So therefore we want the guidance to reflect that uncertainty. This guidance also is for current continuing operations and does not include any potentially future acquisitions.  Let me now turn the call back over to Stan.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Let me begin my review today of the -- with the North American Dental business. Growth in sales of dental... [Technical Difficulty]
Susan Vassallo: I'd like to turn the call over now again to Stan Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman: Let me begin my review of our businesses with a review of the North American business. Growth in sales of Dental consumable merchandise of 2.9% during the third quarter is, we believe, somewhat ahead of our estimate for the market growth, and we believe reflects consistent patient traffic to the dental office. We have just completed attending, few weeks ago, the American Dental Association meeting in Las Vegas, and our sense from the dentists is that patient traffic remains quite consistent. There are parts of the country where we actually think it's gone up a little bit, but not much change in a while, so patient traffic remains consistent. And this represents the ninth consecutive quarter of Dental consumable merchandise sales growth for the company.  Our Dental equipment results were impacted by somewhat of a cautionary environment for capital equipment purchases. We -- as Steven mentioned, we entered the fourth quarter with a much stronger order book. We believe that there was some movement in Dental equipment sales from the third quarter into the fourth quarter. We have also seen encouraging Dental equipment sales for the first 4 weeks of the quarter. Key is for us to provide equipment that helps increase the productivity of the practice while consistently providing -- increase in the quality of care.  One of the highlights of the third quarter was our 16th Annual Dental National Sales meeting. Each year, we hold 5 national sales meetings in the U.S. and 6 overseas, and each of these meetings strengthen supplier partnerships and ability of our sales team to help customers operate more efficient practices while providing quality of care to patients, as I noted. The largest of these meetings, of course, is our dental meeting. Under the theme Navigate Change, Finish First, this gathering in early August included 1500 -- actually more than 1500 Team Schein members and approximately 300 representatives from our 80 top suppliers. This theme underscores our company's commitment to finding innovative solutions that meet the needs of the dental profession as new product innovations, technological advances, and evolving treatment options affect the profession. There is a lot of new technology being made available to the dental professional, and we think that our offering at Henry Schein represents a very, very good offering to help our practitioners increase the productivity of their practice using this new technology, and of course, as noted, providing better quality of care. We think we are actually best positioned to do that.  The 4-day event included training and education sessions for Henry Schein dental field sales consultants, our equipment sales specialists and digital technology specialists. It also provided a valuable opportunity for Henry Schein dental sales representatives to share best practices, discuss challenges and opportunities, and to meet directly with supplier-partner representatives. But clearly, the biggest beneficiaries of our annual sales meetings are our dental customers. As we position our sales consultants to provide expert consultative advice and support of our comprehensive offering of products and services, I can report to shareholders that the morale, the enthusiasm amongst our sales organization is terrific, and that we are well-positioned to continue to gain market share in our North American, both in Canada and U.S., dental businesses on the core business, on the specialty side, and generally, we are very well positioned. And if you take into account that patient traffic is stable, I think a slight caution will be balanced -- should be balanced against our ability to continue to grow market share, and therefore increase shareholder value in the next few quarters.  So let's turn to the Medical business. We're doing well in this area. We continue to gain market share during the third quarter with growth exceeding 8%, if you take out the seasonal flu vaccine. So overall, the core business, both in terms of gaining market share with the larger accounts, which is where a lot of activity is taking place, as well as in the specialty areas in the medical world, so I think we're in a good position there.  We -- let's take a look at the flu vaccine situation for a moment. It's very important to understand this business. It's a solid business for Schein, but if not understood clearly, can impact the understanding of how well we're doing on the medical side.  We have sold substantially, all of our 11.6 million dose commitment for 2011. Some of that, there's a timing difference between the third and the fourth quarter, and we expect to distribute a similar number of doses in 2012. Towards that end, we recently announced that we have entered -- ended our distribution agreement for influenza vaccine product with GSK, which is really the former ID biomedical business -- effectively ending it for this year, but we have entered into a new agreement and are well positioned actually to expand our offering in this area in a very competitive way.  We have recently announced that we have entered into a new agreement for 2012 - '13 flu season. This is a 1-year mutual option agreement, to renew for a second year if we want to. The profitability of the new agreement is expected to be at least comparable, and actually, we think potentially higher than the expiring agreement.  So we are quite pleased with the performance of our medical business in general. And you need to understand the implications very clearly of moving a flu vaccine from 1 quarter to the other. Let's take a look at our North American Animal Health business. We continue to be very pleased with the results from this business, and believe our performance remains well in excess of market growth. Our sales growth is due primarily to expanding the breadth and the depth of our product offering and strengthening customer relationships.  This business is off to a very good start, actually, since the completion of the merger between Butler and the Henry Schein Animal Health businesses to create Butler Schein, the leading Animal Health -- companion Animal Health distribution franchise in the world. The internal growth in our North American Animal Health business for the first 9 months of 2011 exceeded 9%, which, I think is a clear indication of our success in combining Butler and Henry Schein Animal Health. If you add to that, the completion of the acquisition of our 2 veterinary software companies creating the largest platform in that arena, I think you will be -- you can see that we are well positioned to replicate what we've done on the dental side in terms of creating the finest value-added services offering in this arena too. In fact, we have that offering today and we will expand on it. Now, let's look at the international operations. International sales growth in local currencies included solid internal growth complemented by the acquisition in Australia and New Zealand, of the Provet Holdings, which we completed at the start of the year, of course Provet is the largest Animal Health distribution company in Australia and New Zealand. As Steven mentioned, dental sales represented about 2/3 of our international sales and about 30%... [Technical Difficulty]
Susan Vassallo: Here is Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman: So let's -- I think I covered the Medical and Animal Health business. I just want to go quickly through the International business again in case you didn't hear that, I'll abbreviate it because we want to stick more or less to call time and allow for Q&A. We had a solid quarter on the international side. Internal growth was good, complemented by the Provet acquisition -- the largest acquisition -- of the largest New Zealand and Australia Animal Health distribution company, business is doing well. In fact, we're very, very pleased overall with the distribution capability down there, the software business they have, the consulting business. Around -- about 2/3 of our international business is dental. 30% of sales come from dental equipment. And we believe that, generally, in our international businesses, patient traffic is consistent. But there are spots within the environment where I think it would be appropriate for us to point out that capital equipment purchases are a little bit more cautionary -- are being viewed a little bit more cautionary by the customers. So -- but overall, I think our international business is quite stable.  Let's just go to the technology side and the value-added services for a little bit. And I will go through this very briefly, and we'll cover more in the Q&A.  We had strong internal growth. Indeed, growth in this business has exceeded 20% for well over a year for 5 quarters. As Steven mentioned, the electronic services and the financial services businesses continue to perform very well. If you look at our financial services businesses, I think you will see that we are getting approvals for our customers. I think 90-plus percent of our customers are getting financial approval for their -- approval for their financial deals. So -- and that's helping, of course, ensure that our value to the customer from an equipment point of view is enhanced.  Technology products and value-added services help our clients, of course, deliver high quality care, operated benefit -- practice, more efficient practice. And this whole integration of technology, value-added services and our equipment offering working in conjunction with our field sales consultants is working very, very well for us.  So, let me anticipate a question and let me try to answer it as best that I can. Although there is uncertainty in the global economy, we can tell by Wall Streets' Jerry [ph] there, 1 day things are going well in Europe, and the other day things are a bit challenged. We believe that Henry Schein as a company, of course, is affected by these factors, but really to a lesser extent compared with other areas in healthcare, and certainly other industries. And we are really optimistic with our ability to increase earnings per share in 2012. Obviously, this is a challenging environment. We will, as we did in 2008, '09, manage our business very, very conservatively and make sure that we are well positioned to respond to activities that take place in the marketplace. So we want to be a little bit more cautionary than perhaps a year or so ago.  At the same time, we have a lot of confidence in our business model, particularly our market position, our management team, our future growth prospects. And it is in that context that at our mid-August Board of Directors meeting, the board authorized the repurchase of up to $200 million of shares of the company's common stock. This program, let me point out, is additive to the $100 million repurchase program announced in November of last year, and we subsequently fully executed on that.  We are active in the market during the third quarter -- we were. We bought back about $100 million of stock, as Steven mentioned. So, we feel we are well positioned in the marketplace. We've got, as I said, a good management team, good balance sheet, good positioning, good strategies. And so with that in mind, operator, we'd like to take some questions.
Susan Vassallo: Operator, we'll take some questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from A.J. Rice with Susquehanna Financial.
Albert J. Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Just a couple of questions if I could ask them. First, with respect to next year's guidance. It sounds like you've sort of taken a -- I guess cautionary or maybe some would say realistic tone toward what the economy is going to do. But it sounds like you're particularly calling out the international market and the Dental equipment market internationally. Can you give us a little more flavor? Are you assuming that it somehow gets a little worse than what we've seen this year or sort of steady state? And also to the extent you can comment on the North American Dental as well.
Stanley M. Bergman: We have taken the position that -- least let's talk about the domestic for a moment. Growth in dental consumable merchandise for us was 2.9% during the third quarter, which is, we believe, ahead of the estimates of the market growth. And we are free [ph] , we believe, it reflects solid, steady patient traffic to the dental office. So this is the ninth quarter we've had internal growth. We reported a decline in equipment sales, some of that due -- largely due to the BIOLASE switch in strategy, but some of it related to a tad of a cautionary environment that we noticed over at about a 6- or 8-week period. We don't believe it's necessarily a trend, because as Steven noted, we have seen an increase in our backlog. I think as we do our internal projections and budgets, it is important for us to be a little bit more conservative. It doesn't mean we're down on things. It doesn't mean we initially see this as a trend, but I think it is better for us to be conservative, and be more positive when we actually report results in the future than the other way around. So we are taking actions accordingly, and we're running the business in a traditionally -- in a way we've traditionally done it, which is conservative. As it relates to Europe, again, we are taking a little bit more of a cautionary position. But our business, in particular, in Germany, for example, is not 100% reflective of the cautionary position we're taking, but we are tending -- leaning to be more cautionary than optimistic. And again, I think that's the best way for us to plan, and the way we plan is also the way we'd like to relate to the streets. So we want to be transparent. We believe we are well positioned. Our offerings are good. We're really talking about at the margin here rather than the business itself.
Albert J. Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. Maybe just one more thing. You've commented on the order book coming into the fourth quarter. It seems ironic to me that people are reporting, and some of the studies have said that dental income seemed to be flat to modestly up, but dentists are cautious. Are you doing anything from a promotional perspective, heading into the fourth quarter to try to unlock this potential demand that sometimes you see at year end? And what is the average on that order book? And will we see most of that flow out in the fourth quarter, do you think? Or does that spill over into early next year?
Stanley M. Bergman: The caution is, I think, indicative of the mood in the market. Although I think what's actually happening in the dental office is a lot better than what's happening in some parts of the economy. So again, we're talking about at the margin. We're not talking about huge swings. As it relates to the fourth quarter, we always have fourth quarter promotions which are tied into a little bit into financing, although we believe we've had and have a very, very competitive financing options. In fact, I was just in e-mail contact this morning with a fellow, Keith Van [ph], that runs our Henry Schein financial services, and he shows me we are as competitive as we've always been. So the fourth quarter is generally a period when the practitioners sit with their accountants and understand the positive implications an acquisition could have on their tax planning, and potentially what a piece of good equipment can do to the practice profitability and efficiency, and the quality of the care they deliver in the following year. So, of course, our field sales consultants understand that, and of course, provide advice to the customer, so that the customer can mitigate taxes, obviously in a legal way, and at the same time, increase productivity and profitability for the next year, and we support that with good financing options. We're not going out of our way to change things. I don't think it's necessary. What is necessary is to make sure that the practitioners understand that investing in the practice is a lot more sound, and a lot more profitable than investing in the stock market. And we have, in the United States and Canada, about 1300 people taking that message out. I think that's important. The mood is there to buy, but we need to just give that little nudge to get the shipment to take place. And yes, generally, we try to take our orders received and ship them by the end of the fourth quarter, although there's bout of a week there where, from a tax point of view, it's still beneficial for the customer to receive the product and those sales going to the first quarter next year. And of course, in order to recognize a sale, the equipment has to actually be installed. So generally, product has to be ordered by the Greater New York meeting for it to be installed a little bit before that, although there is some plug-and-play product. I don't want to though play that -- that's really a fine point, and generally, we know a little bit ahead of time how we're doing. And right now, we are cautiously optimistic, but feel that we just need to be -- take that optimism and balance it to make sure that at the end of the day we deliver on the right mix of optimism and enthusiasm.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glenn Santangelo with Credit Suisse.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just want to follow up on AJ's questions regarding the growth rate and sort of your assumption. Stan, as I look at kind of your European results or your international results, it looked like they were much more consistent with what we saw in 2Q on a sequential basis. Whereas if I look at the North American results, it looked like to me the consumables had stepped down about 200 basis points constant currency. And then as I look at equipment, you had 6 quarters in a row of positive, constant currency equipment growth, and now you've had a negative quarter. So I'm a little bit -- just want to make sure I understand what you're saying because it sounds like you're getting more cautious on Europe. But as I look at the results today it looks like sequentially, you probably did better than I would've thought in Europe and maybe a little bit worse that what I would've thought you did in North America.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, Glenn. We are dealing with basis points here, and we just have to be a little cautious. I mean, we really -- there's no firm data out there. Not like in the pharmaceutical industry where we can get a readouts or in retail, you get a quick readout. If we take Europe for a moment, we need to take into account that this was in fact an IDS year, and there was a lot of new products, so I think we had to ship that, and we get some credit for that. There's still quite a bit of product in the pipeline compared to last year. So it's not that Europe is in trouble by any means. It's just -- we want to be a little bit more cautious there. And as it relates to the U.S., there's a lot of puts and takes there that are going to product mix, and we still believe, and we're hearing this from the practitioner that traffic is stable, so we have relatively stable sales. And on the equipment side, we think we're heading into a good fourth quarter, but I don't want to say that it's going to be the easiest quarter ever, and I'm just trying to balance this. I don't know what words I can say. It's not negative or not pessimistic, but this is certainly not 2007 in terms of the sales of slowing in.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: If I look at your North American results, I mean, I don't know if you guys would be willing to characterize this, but is it fair to say that the market growth rate in North American market has decelerated on a sequential basis? Because you're sort of suggesting you're still gaining market share, but I look at kind of your consumable growth at 2 plus. Does that assume that the market is somewhat a little bit below that?
Stanley M. Bergman: I think you're probably correct. I think that's -- we were talking about -- I don't think we're talking about more than 100 basis points. I mean, it's not that precise, but I think we're in positive growth territory in terms of dollar growth. In terms of units, probably flattish. It's not -- it doesn't seem like prices are an issue. It doesn't seem like there's a swing to private brand. I mean, we're still in a pretty solid market, but there are trends occurring. It's clear that the bigger practices are getting bigger at the top end, and the middle practices, there's more of them moving, unfolding from small to medium. There's a lot of trends, and this does impact the mix. So, we're dealing really at the margin right now. But overall, I think the market is stable. There are parts that are more stable than others. I think some specialty areas are challenged. I think there are challenges on the upper end of implants, for example, some of the whitening areas, some of the expensive cosmetics. But overall, I think on balance, it's a relatively stable market, it's growing a little bit in terms of dollars, and we think we're gaining market share. So that's the sense. And against for precise, it's an impressionist painting, not an architectural rendering.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Steve, maybe if I could just ask you 1 quick question, then I'll jump off. The 1 x -- or the 1 last week in fiscal '12, could you give us a sense for maybe, how much that cost you from an earnings perspective?
S. Paladino: Sure. It's not equivalent to a full week because it is the holiday week, but it's probably equivalent to anywhere from 1/2 of a week to 2/3 of a week depending on the market, and that's a blended for company-wide so it's -- that would be the impact that were estimating it to have. And just while I'm speaking, I just would like to also comment that we are taking a conservative position on the exchange rates that are built into our guidance. We are using a lower conversion rate than where the current dollar to euro is. It's at about $1.36, $1.37. Since there's a lot of uncertainty as to what will happen there, we've elected to be a little bit more conservative in our guidance, so we feel that, that's the right approach, since again the uncertainty is high. So I just wanted to make that comment also.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just want to go back to equipment once again. Steve, you mentioned BIOLASE having a negative impact in the quarter. Do you have what the equipment growth was x the BIOLASE impact in the quarter?
S. Paladino: Yes. Substantially all of the negative impact was related to BIOLASE. Our equipment sales growth was relatively flat, might have been slightly up, slightly down, I don't have the precise number in front of me, but all of the negativity was related to BIOLASE. So equipment sales were flat, x BIOLASE.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then just to follow-up on that, is there any more detail you can give us around the trend in high-tech versus basic equipment in the quarter, maybe in the U.S. and also what you're seeing in Europe?
S. Paladino: It's -- I think, nothing really new there -- the areas of interest for equipment continue to be the high-tech areas because of return on investment and people needing to improve their overall productivity in their office, so that continues to be the areas of interest -- the basic equipment, while it's not doing terribly, is less attractive from a growth perspective.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So when you talk about this cautionary approach from dentists on capital spending, is that really more towards the basic equipment? Or is it equipment across the board?
S. Paladino: Well, it's a little bit across-the-board, but it's probably more weighted towards basic. And remember, if we use recent history, the 2009 and 2010 period, we saw dental offices really have no major reduction in their profitability. But yet they had a very cautious tone towards buying equipment. So we don't know if that's going to reoccur or not. We hope that people have learned from that, that what's going on in the general markets is not indicative to what's going on in the dental market. But again, that's in the back of our minds that dentists did hold back on purchases in the 2009 and 2010 period. And it's possible that, that will occur to some extent, we think a lesser extent, but to some extent going forward. So that's built into our guidance also.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just 1 quick 1, I'm sorry if I missed this, and I'll hop off. Was there any M&A assumptions built into the fiscal '12 guidance?
S. Paladino: No. There's no new M&A activities. It includes all of the completed acquisitions through the date of this call, which really the big ones this year were Provet and the veterinary software companies, and Sogim in France, but no new acquisition activity is contemplated in our guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Michael R. Minchak - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's actually Mike Minchak, in for Lisa. So couple of questions, the first, on margins. You talked about the impact of acquisitions had on the year-over-year margin comparisons. As Provet is going to cycle in the beginning of the year and that will essentially reset the bar, within your guidance, do you assume returning to that historical target of 30 to 50 basis points of operating margin expansion next year? Or have you adopted a more conservative stance there as well?
S. Paladino: No. We still feel like we can get that range of operating margin expansion. Part of it is dependent on overall sales growth, as you know. And our goal really continues to be the operating margin expansion excluding the positive or negative benefit from any acquisition that may occur in the future. But we still feel like we can get margin expansion if sales growth is more robust, we'd be on the high end of the range, and if it's less robust, on the low end of the range. So it's still something that we feel comfortable that we can achieve and we're very focused on it internally.
Michael R. Minchak - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And then with respect to your comments on the share buyback going forward, is this a change in the terms of the priority for use of excess cash? Or would acquisition still be your first priority for uses of cash? And then maybe if you can give us a sense of what's built into your guidance for next year in terms of share repurchases?
S. Paladino: Sure. It's really not a change in deployment of capital because we have the benefit that we feel that we can -- we have a very strong balance sheet. We feel we can do both acquisitions at similar rates to what we've historically done as well as a stock buyback. So it's not really that we're going to do more of one and less of another. We feel like we can do both. Really, we haven't assumed any significant impact other than what we have bought through the third quarter, so again, that's a little bit of conservatism built into guidance on future buybacks, because until we buy it back, we really don't assume a significant impact in our 2012 guidance. But I think the most important thing is, it's not a change in strategy related to acquisitions. We still feel like our markets are fragmented. We can continue to make good, strategic and financially-attractive acquisitions, and that's still the goal for the company to grow the business. But simultaneously, we feel like an attractive investment is to reduce our share count slightly on a year-over-year basis.
Operator: We have time for one last question, and that's from John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Kind of coming back to your comments about a stronger order book for Dental equipment, do you think you can show positive growth in the fourth quarter in the U.S. and in your international business for Dental equipment?
S. Paladino: I think we believe the answer is yes, that we should be able to -- given the order book growth and barring any unusual new developments that no one's anticipating. So I would say the short answer is yes, we do believe we could show growth in equipment.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And I think in the last couple of quarters, I see you guys have spoken more about kind of a more aggressive strategy that taps some of the specialty markets within dental. Can you just give us an update there? Have you had any progress there? Is that contributing to your consumable growth?
S. Paladino: Sure. Specialty is still in a development stage -- dental specialties. So while we're seeing good growth in our dental specialties group and it's enhancing the overall growth of our Dental business, it's not today large enough that it moves the needle all that much. We would hope to, over a short period of time, get bigger in the specialty areas, and have it more -- a bigger contributor to growth. But right now, it's still in the development stage, and while we have a lot of good properties and assets there. Now, it's the time to look at those properties and get them to work more synergistically with each other in order to drive enhanced growth going forward. So it's still a good opportunity for us on a go-forward basis.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then just 1 final 1. If you think about your outlook for '12, you're currently delivering very strong growth, well above the market in both the physician office and the vet spaces. Do you think that is sustainable next year? Or as you comp some of the favorable impacts should we assume that'll look more like the broader market trends?
S. Paladino: Well, I think we still believe we can gain market share in both of those business units. In the Animal Health, somewhere at almost double digits, I think it was 9.4% this quarter. I think it may in a longer term have to come down, it just can't keep growing at -- I don't know, 2x or 3x what the market is growing for an extended period. But right now, we're feeling very optimistic with both Animal Health and Medical, and we see continued, very strong growth. We just have to be a little bit more realistic on a long-term perspective.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Bergman for closing remarks.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you very much, operator. Again, I want to apologize for the technical issues we had. It's actually the first time we've had this kind of an issue in 16 years. So I appreciate your patience.  So in conclusion, we do remain optimistic about the business. I think we're trying to just be a little bit realistic in terms of foreign exchange implications of -- the euro is going up and down quite erratically. We think we're heading into a good fourth quarter in the U.S. and abroad from an equipment point of view. But again, we want to make sure that we manage towards a conservative expectation. We think that the consumable business in the U.S. is quite steady, and we see continuous market growth on our Medical business in the U.S. as well as our global Animal Health business. So I think one has to be very careful to x out the impact of flu vaccine, which is quite market in 2011 third quarter. And if one takes that out, I think it was a solid quarter and I'm quite confident that we're heading into a solid fourth quarter, but just want to make sure that we manage expectations quite carefully. So having said that all, if you have a question, please feel free to call Steven at (631) 843-5915 and Susan at the same number except the last 2 digits change to 64 -- sorry, 62.  So thank you very much, everyone, and please, again, feel free to call Steven or Susan if you have any questions. We'd be very pleased to answer those and look forward to speaking with you again at the next quarter and seeing you at different conferences, we will be at the JPMorgan conference, and there will be another good chance to see us, and I believe Steven will be at the Credit Suisse. I don't know if I'm going to be there.
S. Paladino: No. You're not planning on being there, but we'll be at Credit Suisse in 2 weeks.
Stanley M. Bergman: Steven will be at the Credit Suisse in 2 weeks. He'll be making a general presentation, will be available for one-on-ones. And likewise, I will be available at -- with Steven in San Francisco for the general presentation, the breakout session and the one-on-ones. Thank you very much, and have a good year -- new year -- holiday season.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes Henry Schein Third Quarter Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: S. Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Executive Director Susan Vassallo - Vice President of Corporate Communications Stanley Bergman - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank Robert Willoughby Albert Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Glen Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG Larry Marsh - Lehman Brothers Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Henry Schein Second Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Susan Vassallo: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's second quarter results. If you have not received a copy of our earnings news release, you can access it on our website at henryschein.com. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of this live broadcast, today, August 2, 2011. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call you please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one-hour we have allotted for this call. Thank you very much. And with that said, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Good morning, everyone and thank you, Susan. And thank you everyone for joining us today in this call. We are most proud and pleased to report double-digit sales growth in local currencies during the second quarter as each 1 of our 5 businesses continues to gain market share. Local currencies sales growth was bolstered by favorable currency exchange, which resulted in the end in an increase in net sales of approximately 15%. Growth in net income was also quite impressive, with diluted EPS up slightly more than 12% over the prior year's second quarter.  In a moment, I'll provide some commentary on each of our business units. But let me first -- let me ask our CFO, Steve Paladino, to provide an overview of our quarterly financial results. Steven?
S. Paladino: Okay, thank you Stan, and good morning to everyone also. I'm also pleased to be reporting solid results for the second quarter of 2011. Our net sales for the quarter ended June 25, 2011 was $2.1 billion, reflecting a 15.2% increase compared with the second quarter of 2010. This consists of 10.1% growth in local currencies and 5.1% increase related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, internally generated sales were up 5.6% while acquisition growth was 4.5%. You can see all the details of our sales growth that's contained in Exhibit A in our earnings news release that was issued earlier today. Our operating margin for the second quarter of 2011 was 7.1% and declined by 37 basis points compared with the second quarter of 2010. However, it's important to note that excluding the impact of current year acquisitions, our operating margin was essentially flat compared with the prior year. As we discussed last quarter, acquisitions or new acquisitions, which carry lower margins than our existing businesses serve to reset our base operating margin. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.9%, which is in line with our guidance and is up slightly from 31.2% in the second quarter of 2010. We expect our effective tax rate to remain in the 31% to 32% range for the balance of the year. Our net income attributable to Henry Schein Inc. for the second quarter of 2011 was $94.5 million or $1.01 per diluted share. This represents growth compared with the 2010 second quarter of 12.5% and 12.2%, respectively.  Now I'd like to provide some detail on our sales results for the quarter. Our North American Dental sales for the second quarter increased 4.7% to $709.3 million, consisting of 4% growth in local currencies and a 0.7% increase related to foreign currency exchange. Consumable merchandise sales increased 4.8% in local currencies and that included a 4% increase in internal sales and a 0.8% increase related to acquisition growth. Our Dental equipment sales increased 1.3% compared with the prior year quarter in local currencies and all of that was internally generated. When excluding the sales of products manufactured by BIOLASE from both periods, our Dental equipment sales growth was 3.8% in local currencies. On an overall basis, with growth in local currencies up 4% for our North American Dental group, we believe we continue to gain market share in this market. Our North American Medical sales were at $317.3 million in the second quarter, and that's an increase of 10.8%. Internally generated sales increased 8.7% and acquisition growth contributed an additional 2.1%. We're really very pleased to report a second consecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth in our medical business, and we believe that we continue to gain market share in this market. Turning to our North American Animal Health sales, they were $260.3 million for the second quarter, and that's an increase of 10.9%, all internally generated. As we have discussed in previous quarters, now that the former Butler and Henry Schein individual animal health businesses have been completely integrated, we are seeing the benefits of our coordinated efforts to drive sales growth. International sales for the second quarter of 2011 were $781.7 million, an increase of 29.8% compared with the prior year's quarter. This consisted of a 15.1% increase in local currencies and 14.7% increase to foreign currency exchange. Our internal sales growth was 3.8% and acquisition growth was 11.3%, both of those numbers are in local currencies. Peeling the onion within our International group, we saw International Dental sales, which represent about 63% of our International business, were up 17% during the quarter. This consisted of 4.3% growth in local currencies and 12.7% favorable impact from foreign currency exchange. Our internally generated sales in local currencies increased 3.4%, and acquisition growth was an additional 0.9%. We saw internal growth in local currencies for Dental merchandise of 3.2% and 4.1% for Dental equipment. As we expected, we experienced a significant increase in Dental equipment sales in Europe, particularly in Germany on the heels of the biennial IDS Trade Show, which was in March. Dental equipment sales increased approximately 12% in Germany and 8% in Europe overall, and both of those numbers are in local currencies. The strong European Dental equipment sales performance was partially offset by results from our Australian and New Zealand business, which had difficult comparisons versus the prior year due to a government stimulus package that was available in the prior year. We look at our International Animal Health sales, which represents about 34% of our International business, they increased 64.8%. And that consisted of 44.8% growth in local currencies and a 20% increase related to foreign currency exchange. Our internally generated sales in local currencies for this business were up 4.7%, and acquisitions, primarily the acquisition of Provet, drove an additional 40% growth. Turning to Technology and Value-Added Services sales for the second quarter of 2011 were $62.1 million, up 28.3% compared with the prior year's quarter. Internally generated sales increased 12.6% in local currencies, and acquisition growth, which was primarily the acquisitions of McAllister and ImproMed, contributed an additional 13.7%. And during the quarter, we saw a continued strong growth, particularly in our electronic services and our financial services businesses. With respect to stock repurchase, we continue to repurchase common stock in the open market during the second quarter, more specifically we repurchased about 71,000 shares of common stock during the quarter, at an average price of about $70 per share. The impact of the repurchase on this second quarter's EPS was not material. Our goal of share repurchase activities is to keep the number of shares outstanding for 2011 slightly less than the share count for 2010. Let's take a brief look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $137.7 million, and that compares to operating cash flow at last year's second quarter of $107 million. We continue to expect strong operating cash flow for the year and for that operating cash flow to exceed net income. Our accounts receivable day sales outstanding from continuing operations were 40.6 days, and that compares to a similar number, 40.3 days, for last year's second quarter. Inventory turns also from continuing operations for the quarter was 6.5 turns, and this is unchanged from last year's second quarter. Finally, I'd like to conclude my remarks by updating our 2011 financial guidance. We now expect 2011 diluted EPS to be in the range of $3.92 to $3.98, which represents a growth of 9% to 11% compared to 2010. This compares to our previously issued guidance, which was $3.88 to $3.98. So effectively, we've increased the bottom end of the range by $0.04 per share. We expect earnings growth in the second half of the year to be more weighted towards Q4 than Q3, primarily due to the timing of influenza vaccine sales as well as some other smaller factors. And as always, our 2011 guidance is for continuing operations as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions but does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions.  So with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Stan.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Steven. I'd like to begin my review of our businesses with a review of our North American Dental business. North American Dental internal sales growth in local currencies was 3.4%, and this is the highest quarterly growth rate we have reported in nearly 3 years. Our second quarter results also continued a solid trend of Dental sales growth. Sales of Dental consumable merchandise have increased for 8 consecutive quarters, and Dental equipment sales and service revenues have increased for 6 consecutive quarters. We view this as a positive indication of continual gradual improvement in the dental market and our strength in that business sector. A couple of weeks ago, we demonstrated our ongoing commitment to the essential role of dental technology, the importance of technology in the dental world, by naming Dr. Robert Gottlander to the newly created position of Vice President, Prosthetic Solutions. Dr. Gottlander is a dentist by trading, who has worked for many years at Nobel Biocare, most recently as Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Products. In his new role at Henry Schein, Dr. Gottlander will partner with our business leaders throughout the world on the marketing and education programs for prosthetic solutions and all related emerging technologies. Those include digital impressions, chest side [ph] CAD/CAM materials, lab technology and milling services. He will also work in coordination with Henry Schein's global dental leaders to further leverage the U.S. strengths we have in this area and, of course, in Canada and grow our network of key opinion leaders throughout the world. We are fortunate to have attracted a professional of Dr. Gottlander's caliber to Henry Schein to focus on one of the key areas of growth for our dental business in the years to come. In fact, we are putting the finishing touches together now for our 2012 to 2015 strategic plan. And technology will be an integral part to the plan, with Dr. Gottlander playing a very, very important role in advancing this part of the business together with a talented group of executives in this area, including our Chief Technology Officer, the team in Milwaukee that leads this part of the business and our prosthetics team, all terrific. Of course, we supplemented this team with the addition of John Cox recently, who is also a long-time dental implant sales leader. So we are really well positioned to now develop the tactics and for the implementation of our strategic plan, which calls for a heavy focus on technology. And Dr. Gottlander and team will work very closely with Jim Breslawski, Michael Zack on the global side and Lonnie Shoff to advance technology all around at Henry Schein. On the North American Medical side, we are pleased to report a second consecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth. In June, we held our 14th Henry Schein National Sales Meeting on the Medical side, which included 600 medical field sales consultants and 120 suppliers. The meeting featured presentations by our management team, information packs, breakout sessions, supply exhibits and an awards ceremony. For the fifth consecutive year, at the end of our meeting, suppliers donated products and promotional items from their exhibits. This year, the items were donated to 3 local community health clinics in Dallas, where the meeting was held. But of course, our programs from the Henry Schein Cares' point of view are very carefully tied in with advancing the business needs of the company, and so our concepts in the light of self-interest work very, very well, bringing together our suppliers, our customers, our team, as well as the Henry Schein Cares Foundation.  Underpinning our impressive second quarter dental and medical growth figures is an infrastructure that is unrivaled in our industry. We believe we have by far the leading supply chain capability in servicing the office space practitioner environment. While we operate numerous distribution centers globally, I want to call out our facility in Indianapolis, which celebrated its 20th anniversary in June. With slightly more than 0.5 million square feet of warehouse and production capacity, this is the largest of Henry Schein's distribution centers. When we opened the Indianapolis facility 2 decades ago, it was our first distribution center located outside the state of New York and was staffed by 112 Team Schein Members. Today, that staffing figure has more than doubled, and our operations there are a model of diversity, with employees representing 34 countries. Our Indianapolis distribution center has moved or expanded 5x in that 20-year period and serves customers far away as Hawaii and Alaska. We also export goods from Indiana to points ranging from the Caribbean to the Middle East, to South America and, of course, Asia. It is through state-of-the-art distribution centers like this one that we are able to uphold domestic order flow rates of 99-plus percent and order accuracy of 99.9% and same day shipping of 99.9%. We are duly proud of these impressive statistics as they serve to build strong relationships between Henry Schein and our customers and believe we are truly a unique business in scale and in qualitative performance when it comes to servicing the office-based dental, medical and animal healthcare professionals throughout the world. Now let's just take a look at our North American Animal Health business. We are delighted to be reporting internal sales growth of nearly 11% and believe our performance is well in excess of the market. Remember, we are focused on the companion animal part of this market, and this 11% is internal growth and internal growth primarily in the companion animal and equine space. We continue to drive sales by expanding the breadth and depth of our product offering and strengthening our customer relations. Our results in the first half of this year on the Animal Health side in North America provide a positive indication regarding the success of these initiatives and how well the integration has gone on the animal health side with the Butler Schein integration and the impact of Henry Schein's core competencies on the animal health business in the United States. So now let's look at the International operations. I'd like to comment on some recent acquisition, an executive appointment and another anniversary. Soon after we reported our first quarter results in early May, we announced the acquisition of Sogim Grimouille, which is a full-service dental distribution company with headquarters in Marseille, France. Through this transaction, we strengthened our dental presence in the Southeastern part of France, where we have served dental offices and laboratories since 1995. Sogim Grimouille provides consumable artificial teeth, equipment and digital solutions to dental practitioners and laboratories. The company's CEO, Monsieur Jean Martin-Dondoz, has joined the management team of Henry Schein, where he will contribute his vast experience in dental products and services, especially those in the technology-driven area, which ties in to our key strategic plan initiatives. On the executive team, about a month ago we announced that Mr. Andreas Meldau has joined Henry Schein as President of our European Dental Specialties and Exclusive Products business. Andreas, who is a very experienced dental healthcare executive, will be part of Bob Minowitz's team. Bob of course, is the President of Henry Schein Europe, reporting to Michael Zack, who indeed is the President and founder of Henry Schein's International Group. And Andreas will work closely with the Global Healthcare Specialties Group, led by Lonnie Shoff. Bob, as you know, has been with the company for over 25 years and Michael Zack for well over 20 years. And we have today a tremendous international leadership team well positioned with stability, know-how, that is unrivaled in our field. Andreas will focus on 4 strategically important specialty categories namely orthodontics, implants, oral surgery and endodontics. With the increasing importance of dental specialties worldwide, we are committed to providing our Dental Specialties customers with a comprehensive selection of technology-driven products, services and equipment tailored to their practices, as we have done for our generous customers for years. Andreas will be pivotal in continuing to build our capacity in this area on a pan-European basis. And of course, as part of Lonnie Shoff's team, George Guttroff heads up the Specialties business in the implants and orthodontics and oral surgery arena in the United States as well. So Andreas, George and Lonnie are well positioned to work with the Henry Schein Dental team in the United States and abroad to advance our customers' needs and satisfying our customers' needs. At the end of the day, our goal is to provide a comprehensive offering of all the products that a specialist may need from consumables to equipment to pharmaceuticals to software and specialty products so that there is a one-stop shop for all the products and related services for the office space practitioner in the specialty arena both in the United States and abroad. This appointment of Andreas is particularly timely as in June we celebrated our 20th anniversary in the United Kingdom. We entered the United Kingdom market in 1991 as a dental consumables mail-order distributor and subsequently involved to become the leading full service distributor of healthcare products and services to dental, medical and animal health office space practitioners.  Over the past 20 years, we've grown our U.K. operations from a few hundred team members to well over 1,000, while our revenues have increased tenfold. We are particularly pleased with the progress in the U.K. And although the economy there, I might add, is going through some challenging times, Henry Schein's management continues to perform very, very well in the U.K., which is part of our International portfolio, which in general is doing quite well as reported by their numbers, as Steven described earlier on.  So let me now conclude my review of our businesses with the Technology and Value-Added Services group, where once again, we have strong internal growth in local currencies bolstered by some very, very important strategic acquisitions. We are pleased to report that McAllister and ImproMed, the animal health software businesses acquired last quarter, are performing in line with expectations. Our Technology and Value-Added Services group has posted double-digit sales growth in local currencies for 5 consecutive quarters, with growth in excess of 20% in local currency for the past 3 quarters. As Steven mentioned earlier, our electronics services and financial services businesses continue their strong performance. Technology products and Value-Added Services help our clients to operate efficient practices and deliver high-quality patient care. They also allow the integration of various aspects of a practice and now dearly position Henry Schein for success with future high technology products. Again, as noted earlier on, technology is at the cornerstone of the value-added service offering we are providing to Henry Schein customers, the glue that attracts customers to Henry Schein and will be critical as we unfold our next strategic plan. We're investing heavily in this area and working very, very closely with our supplier partners, who are committed to this part of the dental marketplace. So a moment ago, I mentioned the donations of products and promotional items following our medical national sales meeting. Philanthropy and disaster relief are among Henry Schein's core values. And to date, in 2011, we have contributed cash and products to provide healthcare to people facing disaster on 3 continents. This includes relief to those affected by the earthquake and tsunami in Japan, flooding in Australia, earthquake in New Zealand and tornadoes across sadly here in the United States. The financial donations were made through Henry Schein Cares Foundation, which is part of our global social responsibility program. Many of these donations were made to professional associations representing our customers and future customers, which are working with nongovernment organizations to provide essential healthcare services in affected areas. For more than a decade, Henry Schein has been proud to support disaster relief efforts as part of our global mission to increase access to care for underserved and at risk. Of course, Henry Schein has been providing products and related services in the area of access to care on a donation basis for virtually as long as the company has been in existence. Next year being our 80th year, by the way. And as a final topic, before we take your questions, I'd like to highlight our position on the Fortune 500 ranking. Henry Schein was ranked #317 in the 2011 Fortune 500 ranking of America's largest corporations. We debuted on the list in 2004 as the #487, and in the past 3 years alone, we have climbed 93 positions. Remember, Henry Schein is focused on the office space practitioner environment, some 700-plus customers, about 1 million practitioners. What we are experts at is understanding the needs of the office space practitioner -- dentists, physicians, veterinarians. We know what products they need, what service they need. These customers are generally running SMEs, small medium sized enterprises. Many locations, many small customers, each one having unique needs. And while these small customers are growing in size of practitioners, the concept of multiple locations and the common management becoming more important, Henry Schein has adapted very well to this model and is doing extremely well in the emerging sectors of the office space practitioner market. Our continued growth, even during challenging economic times, is a result of the shared commitment of our more than 14,000 Team Schein Members, who work out of well over 300 locations worldwide to provide our customers with products and services needed to drive practice efficiency and success so they can provide quality care to patients. The dental, medical and animal health markets that we serve are growing globally, and this combination of internal strategic commitment and external dynamics have fueled our company's growth for success. We continue to enjoy very good internal growth. We continue to invest heavily in expanding our market position within the office space practitioner, a marketplace of well over $30 billion. And Henry Schein is well positioned to continue to grow within the office space dental, medical and animal health part of healthcare. So with that overview of our business groups and our enthusiasm for our results and where we're heading, I'd like to thank you all for your attention this morning.  And now operator, we are ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question will come from the line of Larry Marsh with Barclays Capital.
Larry Marsh - Lehman Brothers: A couple of -- the question really has to do with the Dental consumable confidence and sort of how we put specialty in going forward. So you’re up 4% number, definitely [ph] the strongest since Q3 of '08, a little bit better than I was looking for. I guess is there a view that you guys have that that's a reasonable sort of level here given we're seeing some sequential improvement? And with that, where is the Specialty sales line going to show up? Is that all in consumables? Is it going to be part of equipment and how is that going to be broken out in the future?
Stanley Bergman: It's Larry. We, at this point in time, remain quite confident. We are quite enthusiastic about continuing to grow our market share in, really, each of the markets we are in. And when I say grow our market share, I mean through internal growth. Of course, acquisition growth will be on top of that. As far as the implant and orthodontic, endodontic, oral surgery, the basic specialty sales, those will be reflected again by geography. North American Dental and Medical is one sector today that we report on -- sorry, North American Dental is one. North American Medical is one. North American Animal Health, and then our global International provision, where in turn, we break sales down by geography, but by specialty as well. So the specialty sales will be reported in that area. Specialty sales, from our point of view, are sales of consumables, general consumables, equipment, software, which again is reported software section, and specialty dental products. We expect for all of those sections to grow when it comes to purchases by those specialists. And again, those sales will be reflected in the geographies and in the division by -- in the division in each of the geographies. So I think you can expect to see the sales reported as you have normally seen sales reported by Henry Schein, except we hope over time, to gain a boost through focusing on the specialty as we -- specialist as we are focused on the generalist over the previous decade.
Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital: Okay. So it sounds like it will be broken up -- so we've got a pretty good amount of confidence there. Just a quick follow-up then and maybe for Steve, you and Stanley. I know back in July you announced amendment to your Glaxo [GlaxoSmithKline] flu agreement to reduce your minimum commitment by 1 million, and I know you've been saying anticipate 13 million doses for 2011. Are you in a position as we think about it, is that still a reasonable expectation? Are you suggesting more of that's going to come in the fourth quarter? And how do we think of the profitability of that this year versus last, say given the oversupply in the market?
Stanley Bergman: So the amendment is 2 things really. Primarily, what it did was, it reduced our commitment by 2 million doses. We felt, because of the strong supply that is expected in the market that, that was prudent, so now our goal is really to sell 2 million doses, less than what we originally expected. You know it's not a huge sales number for us. If you look at it -- 2 million doses, it's probably anywhere in the $15 million, $18 million annual sales number, so it's not a huge proportion of our sales. We really just felt again, because of the oversupply, the risk-reward ratio wasn't there and we felt it was prudent to cut back our commitment. Now that's not to say that should demand be very strong, we believe there will be access to product in the market and to be able to sell more. But right now, that's not what we're planning for, and with respect to timing, Larry, we are expecting the timing to be weighted in Q4, and that's why when we look at -- we tend not to look at Q3 and Q4 individually because of where flu could end up. But right now, we are expecting it to be more weighted towards Q4 versus last year and because of that, we would expect -- while our 6-month growth rate, you can calculate based on our guidance, we would expect the growth rate in Q3 to be lower than that average and it to be higher in Q4. Again, it's primarily because of flu sales timing. That could change but that's our latest estimate at this time.
Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital: Okay, and then 2 quick clarifications -- what you said Steve, I just -- in the prepared remarks on currency I guess, are the big boost internationally, wouldn't that give you kind of an annualized $0.03 or $0.04 tailwind on EPS, and is that kind of a new development versus what you would have thought in the second quarter? And that's it.
S. Paladino: Sure. First, for the current quarter, I would say that the -- where the exchange rate came in, was really only slightly favorable to what going into the quarter our expectations were. So it did have a little bit of tailwind for us, but not much versus our expectations. And I think you're right, assuming rates stay where they are and given this whole credit crisis, it's hard to tell which way exchange rates are going. But if they stay the way they are, there is some additional tailwinds that we'd see in the second half of the year. But as you know, we try to be conservative on those estimates and our guidance, simply because is not controllable by us, but right now that's a little bit of tailwind.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Glenn Santangelo with Crédit Suisse.
Glen Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG: Stanley, I just wanted to kind of follow-up on some of your prepared remarks. You clearly had encouraging internal comps and currency results in both your Dental and Medical divisions. And I'm kind of curious if you can give us a sense for where that -- you sort of suggested you're taking some market share and I wanted to try to get a sense for maybe where that market share was coming from and how big it was, because I'm trying to ultimately isolate how big I think the organic growth rate is in each of those 2 markets.
Stanley Bergman: Glen, it's very hard to tell exactly where our internal growth is coming from. Certainly, the markets are growing past a couple of hundred basis points, but we believe we're growing at about twice the market growth rate, somewhere around that. It's really hard to give you a precise number. We think our model works very well, as we've said for years. We think our sales organizations are in good shape. We think we've added good products, although on the dental equipment side, we are no longer the exclusive distributor for BIOLASE. We do carry the product and that had a negative impact on our internal growth rate. Also, the 3D X-rays are at the top end where we have an exclusive, that market is not as buoyant. The sales of those -- that type of equipment has moved a little bit to the medium sales of view [ph], which is a less expensive unit, so that has depressed a little bit our equipment sales. Having said that, we do believe, as I've said, we're growing a couple of times faster than the market and obviously we're gaining share from others. I don't think it's any one specific sector. I don't think it's big distributors, small distributors. I think it's coming from all sectors, including a little bit of the direct channel in the specialty area. These are all incremental, there's no major shift one way or the other. I think that our strategies are working well and our team is in good shape. When I say our team, our dental, medical, and animal health teams. And so we are cautiously optimistic that the market in the U.S. all around has stabilized. As you know, the economy is not booming. But it seems to be quite stable and that is giving us a good base to get some good internal growth and at the same time, we are able to pick up market share from competitors, albeit at a small amount but a meaningful amount. So I think that's about as precise as I can get because published data, accurate data is not really available in the dental med-surg arena in the medical world and really on the animal health side.
Glen Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG: Stan, that's very helpful. Maybe if I could just ask Steve one follow-up. Steve, I just wanted to talk to you about the margins a little bit. I heard your prepared remarks, you seem to suggest that the margins were basically flat year-over-year if you take out all the acquisitions and kind of given the magnitude of the revenue growth we saw, basically the res were probably a little better than what I would have expected. And the margins were probably a little bit worse and given that the level of revenue growth you did have in the quarter, are you surprised the margins weren't a little better?
S. Paladino: Well, I think that -- look, operating margins for us as you know, is a very important metric. We still feel comfortable that we have good opportunities for us to expand operating margins. This particular quarter, the entire decline of operating margin was related to recent acquisitions, primarily Provet. So that means the remaining business x those acquisitions was flat in margins, but you have to look at also the fastest growing segment, medical and animal health, do have different margin profiles that as example, the dental business, so mix has been a factor here. And I don't want that to sound negative because even though from a margin perspective it's not showing expansion because of those factors and there's a few others. But that's the big factor. There is added profitability even though with the medical and animal health businesses, so really there's a big mix issue that we saw this quarter. We still expect margin expansion x acquisitions for the full year, maybe a little bit lower than our annual goal of at least 30 basis points for the full year. But we still expect margin expansion on the core business x acquisitions again for 2011.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I wanted to touch on equipment revenue, particularly in Europe. I was wondering if you guys could comment on how sustainable you feel the growth was in this quarter. How should we be thinking about that versus the benefit from the IDS from March? And then just more broadly on equipment both in Europe and the U.S., if you could just talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the order book currently would be helpful.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, very hard to give precise predictions here. The order book in the U.S. seems to be reasonably solid. It's ahead of last year, precise number, I think, we don't really provide but it is ahead of last year and as even taking into account that last year we did, I believe, have more BIOLASE orders in the order book so -- and the movement I think a way from the high end of the 3D X-ray to the more medium view. So I think we can say that in the U.S., it's quite solid, similar trends in Canada, so North America overall. In Europe, obviously, there was a significant increase in orders in Germany as a result of the IDS. Having said that, our German business seems to be quite solid still on the equipment side. Very hard to gauge France right now because this is really the quiet period, so the base is a very low number at this time. I think we'll be okay in France and Italy, the U.K., it's not material but the order book is down. The U.K. economy is not doing well but again, it's not material from an equipment point of view in U.K. Our animal health business, by the way, seems to be doing very well in the U.K., and the consumable business, although the market is challenged in the U.K., seems to be quite solid. So that covers the major markets in Europe. Australia, as I think we've indicated in the past, we believe the equipment business was fueled, to a large extent, by the stimulus package and we have seen in the first 2 months, somewhat of a reduction in sales of equipment in Australia in particular. And although we don't think it's going to be quite as bad for the remainder of the year, we're not very enthusiastic about equipment growth in Australia. On balance, we think the international equipment business will continue to show growth this year and the market in Germany, by the way, even though the IDS is behind us, it still seems to be a relatively stable to growing market. So we may not see exactly this growth on the equipment side, but I think you can expect to see good growth on the equipment side in Europe, and perhaps even a little bit better in North America. But we don't believe we're going back and we don't believe we are going significantly forward.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: That's really helpful. And just switching just quickly on one on medical, we're hearing some mixed to tempered commentary around physician utilization this quarter. I guess outside of the share gains that you saw, you touched on this a little bit, I was wondering how would you characterize the underlying market demand at the physician level?
Stanley Bergman: Yes, I think that the market is still probably down in terms of physician visits. That doesn't mean that they're not part of the market that are doing okay. High-end cosmetic surgery, I don't think it's back to the 2008 level. But there is good activity going on in a number of the specialties that we service, and so we have focused our resources to where the market is doing a little bit better. I think primary care in some of the community services area, the community central areas, is probably doing okay. Having said that, the expectations that we all thought was going to unfold in terms of huge government money going into these centers is not quite as much as it was expected. I think it's also fair to say that there is consolidation going on amongst physician practices and acquisition practices by hospitals. Again, I think the writings that were presented quarters ago, are a little exaggerated, but there is a movement in that area and I think that is one of the areas that Henry Schein is well-positioned to continue to gain market share. So again, similar to the statement I made on equipment, it's not going down significantly, not down, probably not much, and nor is it rising significantly. We just need to focus our resources on the part of the market that is growing, and we need to get our execution right, which I think we're doing better than most.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Stan, can you just expand a bit more on your strategy to expand in the dental specialty markets? I know that's not an area where typically distributors have had a lot of success. So are you going to try to drive that through building a specialty sales force or by internalized products? And then, I guess wrapping that up, can you give us a sense about how big specialty is as a percent of your total dental business versus where you'd like to take that over 5 or 10 years?
Stanley Bergman: John, we have always served the specialists in terms of equipment, general consumables and pharmaceuticals. And in the latter category, pharmaceuticals has probably done it better than anyone else in the dental world because our med-surge offering coupled with our former offering has been of a lot of value to the oral surgeon, and the periodontist, for example. So our focus here, and it's not a focus that's sort of been born overnight, is to find a comprehensive solution for the specialty and each of the specialty areas has a different need in terms of consumables, equipment and software. We have the most comprehensive grouping of groups of offerings. We think for the specialists, I think we have more businesses focused on the specialists than anyone else. Having said that, we are not necessarily providing the most comprehensive one-stop solution. Businesses are not fully synergized with respect to the specialists offering needs. And this is what we're going to be focused on. That coupled with the technology needs of the GP and the specialists, as we discussed early on. So it's not necessarily a significant increase in resources, although we have added quite a bit, and we outlined the management that we added. We've added quite a bit, but not a significant additional amount to go. But more a repositioning of our resources, and a refocusing of our resources on the opportunity of providing a one-stop solution in terms of consumables, services, including software for the office-based practitioner in the specialty area. And that's an area that our dental team globally, is focused on. So I think we will see incremental increase in resources, not a lot devoted, but a switching of resources from one side of the house to the other to focus more on the needs of the specialists. And that will, of course, include a greater focus on sales people that understand the needs of the specialists from a practice management point of view. So it's more a movement rather than radical additions or changes.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: That's helpful, thanks. Could you give us a sense about roughly how big Specialty is as a percent of your total dental business?
Stanley Bergman: Well, I think one has to be a little careful here. It's not about Specialty Products per se, it's about products which specialists buy, which include traditional equipment that we're selling today, traditional X-ray units, chairs, units, lights. The consumables that -- especially the general consumables that specialists buy and the Specialty Products, general software and specialty software. And I don't think we're in a position right now to provide specific information on how much of our general -- how much of our sales to dentists go to specialty offices, GP offices or mixed practices offices. So I think overtime, as our strategic plan unfolds, we will be in a better position to provide more concrete data.
S. Paladino: Yes, that's true. Let me add a little bit more color that, that's true. Remember, we've always sold the general consumables, as Stanley just said, in equipment to specialists. So that information is less relevant. But if we look at the pure specialty products, implants, orthodontics, et cetera. It's probably of our North American dental sales, somewhere today in the mid-single digits range of sale, that's just a pure specialty products, it does not include the other general products that we're selling to specialists. So it's relatively small today, John, we hope for it to be a lot bigger, and it did grow faster than the core dental business. But because of its size, it didn't drive the overall dental number by a significant amount.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: That's very helpful, thanks. And Steve, maybe just one more quick follow-up. I know you said FX only gave you a slight improvement on the bottom line versus your expectations at the start of the quarter. What if you just compared it to a year ago, what sort of benefit would you say you got looking at it that way?
Stanley Bergman: Versus a year ago, well, it did have a bigger benefit, I don't have that specific number, but it was probably at least a couple of pennies or so. I haven't really calculated it that way, John. But there was a bigger benefit versus a year ago that, that's fair to say.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Albert Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Maybe a question on the North American Animal Health, the organic growth at 10.9%, that's obviously a pickup from the first quarter and a fairly robust number. Now I think, Steve, in your prepared remarks you mentioned that part of that was annualizing Butler. I guess I'm trying to understand how that would drive an acceleration, and is that your sense of that there's been a pickup in that underlying tone of that market? Or is something else going on?
S. Paladino: Yes, let me just clarify, because it sounds like it wasn't clear. But what I was saying is that the second quarter, there was no acquisition impact in the North American Animal Health business. Whereas when you look at the prior quarter, the first quarter, because of the timing of the closing, there was a week's worth of acquisition impact in the quarter. So I'm not sure the market has picked up dramatically from last quarter to this quarter, I think it's really more of executing on our strategies getting a little bit of momentum, and really taking market share. So we're really very pleased with the double-digit organic sales growth in our North American Animal Health business. And quite frankly, we all think it's an anomaly, we think we can continue to gain market share.
Albert Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Okay, and you mentioned that in thinking about the margin trend on a consolidated basis, that a lot of the year-over-year impact was through the Provet acquisition. Can you just tell us how that's going? Is that what you would have expected? Is there anything happening there that we should call out?
S. Paladino: Yes. No, it's not because of any negative unexpected -- the business is actually performing inline or slightly better than our expectations, so it's doing well. It's just it has a lower margin profile than the core business and it's just having that impact. So also with the translation benefit, it translates to higher U.S. dollars because of the translation benefit. So there's nothing unusual going on there. And again, the other part of the margin story this quarter, is we're getting our fastest growth in medical and animal health, which we like, but does have a different margin profile than dental.
Stanley Bergman: I think the best is really -- this is a very, very important point. You need to understand that our animal health business has grown quite rapidly in the last few years. The operating margin in the animal health business is lower than that of the dental business and that's because of the higher mix in branded pharmaceuticals. Having said that, the Return On Investment in the animal health business is very, very good. So as we expand our animal health business globally, and increase that footprint, and as that grows as a bigger mix of the future, sales total, that will have an operating margin impact but certainly will not impact overall profitability in a negative way. Of course, as we acquire additional dental businesses, it will go the opposite way, and as our medical business changes, that will also have an impact. So I think it's very, very important for investors to understand the mix of business and focus on that as investors analyze our overall GP. Our GP -- sorry, operating margin, our operating margin in the dental core business is, of course, is doing quite well as a stand-alone.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with UBS.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank: A couple of questions here. You've already touched on both of these a little bit, but just maybe to clarify a little bit further. Just first on the currency translation and the impact just on gross margins for full year 2011, is that material one way or the other in terms of what you're reporting just to make sure we understand that, just from a gross margin perspective? And my other question, it's kind of similar to one on dental equipment from earlier, but if you think about your reported numbers for internal growth for the first half of the year, I think you were maybe just under 1.5% internal growth in North America, just under 2% international, and you touched on some of your thoughts geographically for the back half of the year. But just overall, big picture for Dental equipment, are there any other factors that could help the results in the back half of the year whether it's just easier comps or whether or not you maybe still endorse that practitioner tax incentives might play a role? Just any additional color on Dental equipment growth for the back half of the year?
Stanley Bergman: Okay, there's a few questions there, let's hope we'd remember all of them. I don't know, Steve, a specific numeric on how much the gross margin was negatively impacted because of foreign exchange translation of international. It certainly did negatively impacted versus our expectations, because it's a lower gross margin business and it translated at higher U.S. dollars. So I don't have an exact calculation but I know it contributed to it. As far as geographic trends, I would say that we still haven't seen a rebound to overall Dental equipment sales both -- primarily in the U.S. and in Canada from prerecession days. We're seeing some momentum beginning to build there, but clearly it's at 1%, including BIOLASE, and almost 4%, excluding BIOLASE, it's not back to those levels. So that's an opportunity that we certainly believe is still available, it just hasn't shown yet. From a reporting perspective, later this year, BIOLASE annualizes out so that, that negative comparison will favorably impact gross rates. We also think you can look at Australia and New Zealand later this year. We should see a bit of a turn up because of the stimulus package in the prior year, and as it gets further away, should have less of an impact. So foreign exchange still could be an opportunity for us, although I hate to predict that because I don't think it is clearly predictable. And overall, the market's still -- we're still doing good compared to what the growth in the markets are. I think it's easy to see that each of our businesses gain market share, we believe that will continue. We do believe we're going to see second half operating margin expansion x acquisitions as I said earlier. So hopefully, that identifies some of the opportunities of the second half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Stanley, if I could start with you, just on the European specialties business, anything changing over there? I know you've been in the specialties business for a number of years and really the strategy here, not changing a whole lot. But is anything changing as far as your access to Specialty Products? You've acquired your way into some products, you've signed some exclusives. But it seems like maybe you'd have an easier go at getting some of the specialty products from some of the bigger manufacturers may be over in Europe before the U.S., is that a fair read at all?
Stanley Bergman: I think you're correct. Certainly, it may be slightly easier on the implant side given the credibility that Camlog already has in a couple of markets in Europe from an implant point of view. From -- and in our point of view, the market is wide open, so we are working with practically all the manufacturers. On the orthodontic side, it's much more fractionalized than in the U.S., so that presents a good opportunity. And on the bone regeneration side, that there is some opportunity there as well. I'm not going to say it's much different to the U.S., but that there's a lot of opportunity there. So as I think aloud, I think Andreas will have challenges, because our sales organization is not necessarily geared toward selling specialty products per se, but our sales organization has very good relations with specialists in general. Sir Andreas will have -- and his team will have challenges, but we're quite comfortable that we have the right resources and that we are positioned from a product availability point of view, to instantly have all the products we need in Europe. Whereas in the United States, we had to acquire our way into a couple of these product categories.
Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Fair enough, and then, as to Steve, a couple of clarifying questions. I guess, P&L and cash flow wise, it seems like you're maybe implying that the second half guidance you don't have current currency rates. You've maybe taken a conservative view of those. Is that accurate? And then stock option expense up 40% year-over-year, now your stock price is up about 25%, 30%, so maybe that's all there is to it, but how should we think about the stock option expense in the back half of the year as well?
S. Paladino: Okay, with respect to currency, we do have a conservative bias built into our guidance, again, because of the inability to predict with any degree of certainty which way it's going. So hopefully that will be on upside, but it is intended to be a little bit conservative. With respect to stock option expense, there was a little bit higher expense this quarter but part of that is going -- was really just accruals that were a little bit higher this quarter, we would expect it to be a little lower in Q3 in Q4, but there's nothing unusual going on in the stock option expense. Well actually, it is really long-term expense because it's a combination of stock options and performance-based restricted stock grants.
Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: All right, and on the -- similar question on amortization, it's going up. I know it's all deal-related, you don't really break that out when you talk about EPS and that. But from a cash flow standpoint, you consistently talk about operating cash flow expecting that to be above net income. Your free cash flow has actually been above net income over the last few years as well. Is that a fair metric to be thinking free cash flow in excess of net income going forward, too, as amortization becomes a bigger and bigger part?
S. Paladino: Yes, I think that is fair, again, there's a conservative bias built into that cash flow statement, and for the last, I think it's 2 years, our free cash flow has exceeded net income, so I think that's a fair way of looking at it. And we're continuing to see very strong cash flow in the business overall.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Robert Willoughby: Steve, it's a small line item, I guess, but I look at the acquisition of noncontrolling interest and the subsidiaries on the cash flow statement, it's about $10 million. Is there any general rule in terms of what that line item is, and how much income has moved up the income statement?
S. Paladino: There's really not a general rule because it depends on where -- what entities we're buying out minority shares on, and there was at least 2 I could think of off the top of my entity that -- off the top of my head, of 2 different entities that we bought out some minority shares on. I can tell you, though, that in these transactions, there is some slight accretion to the moving up of the line, not huge but it was both transactions were expected to be slightly accretive to the EPS. So it's really a request from one line to the other.
Robert Willoughby: And is there some increase in the intangible assets reflecting that investment, or does it happen 1 to 1 or is there some catch up on the intangibles?
S. Paladino: No it doesn't, because we already had a controlling interest in both of those entities, greater than 50.1%. The accounting literature does not allow for a step up in asset, so the intangibles don't get stepped up because it's already been stepped up at the time we bought the controlling interest so the intangibles don't change and the amortization doesn't change on those transactions. It would only change if we went from a noncontrolling interest to a controlling interest.
Operator: And we do have no further questions. I'll turn it back over to the speakers.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much, operator. Thank you, everyone, for calling. I'm sorry, we went a few minutes over the allotted time. But we did want to give all those that had a question in the early part of the call a chance to ask a question. So thank you for your interest in Henry Schein. We remain extremely comfortable and enthusiastic with the future of the company. We believe the markets we're in are good markets, driven by the baby boomers, the most educated generation ever who understand the importance of preventative care, the work we're in -- that our customers in that's essentially in preventative care, and we believe that this is understood clearly. The buying power is there and we believe that more of the economic resources will continue to go towards this part of healthcare. We believe we are well-positioned to execute. We've got good strategies to execute against, and I look forward to speaking to everybody again, in about 90 days. If you have any questions, please feel free to call Steve Paladino at (631) 843-5915, or Susan Vassallo at the same number but 5562 is the last 4 digits. So thank you very much and good morning.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: S. Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Executive Director Susan Vassallo - Vice President of Corporate Communications Stanley Bergman - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank Robert Willoughby Albert Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Larry Marsh - Lehman Brothers Glen Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG Verdell Walker - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Unknown Analyst - 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein First Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today, Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, Susan.
Susan Vassallo: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us today to discuss Henry Schein's first quarter results. If you have not received a copy of our earnings news release, you can access it on our website at henryschein.com. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of this live broadcast, today, May 3, 2011.  Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call you limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for this call. With that said, I'd like to turn the call now over to Mr. Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Susan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm very, very happy to report once again we gained market share in each of our 5 business groups during the quarter. And I'm particularly pleased to report high single to low double-digit sales in local currencies in all of our business groups. And from an earnings perspective, the year is off to a very strong start with growth in adjusted earnings per share of 9.3% for the quarter, which is above the guidance we provided during our last quarterly conference call.  In a moment, I'll provide some additional commentary on each of our businesses. But first, let me ask Steve Paladino, our Chief Financial Officer, to provide an overview on our quarterly financial results. Steven?
S. Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stan, and good morning, everyone. I'm also pleased to be reporting strong results for the first quarter of 2011. Our reported EPS growth for the quarter was 24.2%. However, I'd like to point out that the prior year first quarter reflects restructuring costs of $12.3 million pretax or $0.09 per diluted share. Excluding these costs in the prior year, our EPS growth was 9.3%.  I will be providing growth rates compared to the prior year excluding the restructuring costs, and I will refer to those results as adjusted results from continuing operation. Exhibit B to this morning's earnings news release reconciles GAAP and non-GAAP income and EPS from continuing operations. So turning to our financial performance. Net sales for the quarter ended March 26, 2011, were $1.9 billion, reflecting a 10.6% increase compared with the first quarter of 2010. This consists of 9.9% growth in local currencies and a 0.7% increase related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, internally generated sales were up 3.8%, while acquisition growth contributed 6.1%. You could also note the details of our sales growth that are contained in Exhibit A in our earnings news release that was issued this morning.  Our operating margin for the first quarter of 2011 was 6.4% and declined by 21 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2010 on a non-GAAP basis. It's important to note that excluding the impact of recent acquisitions, which serve to reset the base operating margin, we experienced a slight operating margin expansion in the first quarter of this year versus last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.5%, which is in line with our guidance, and is down from 32.9% in the first quarter of 2010 on a non-GAAP basis. We expect our effective tax rate to remain in the 32% range for the balance of the year.  Net income attributable to Henry Schein for the first quarter of 2011 was $76.5 million or $0.82 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, which again excludes restructuring costs in the prior year, net income and diluted EPS increased by 10.6% and 9.3%, respectively, compared to the first quarter of 2010. You can see the non-GAAP adjustments in Exhibit B of our earnings release.  Let me now provide some detail of our sales results for the first quarter, starting with North American Dental sales, which for the first quarter of 2011 increased 7.8% to $662.8 million, consisting of a 7.2% growth in local currencies and a 0.6% increase related to foreign currency exchange. Our consumable merchandise sales increased 8.9% in local currencies, and that includes a 3.3% increase in internal sales and 5.6% growth related to acquisitions.  Our dental equipment sales increased 1.3% compared with the prior quarter in local currencies, and all of that was internally generated. When you exclude the sales of BIOLASE products from both periods, our dental equipment sales growth was 2.4% in local currencies. On an overall basis, local currency growth exceeded 7%, and we believe we continue to gain market share in the North American dental market. Looking at North American Medical sales, they were $319.8 million for the first quarter, and that's an increase of 12.4%. Internally generated sales increased almost 10%, or 9.9%, and acquisition growth was 2.5%. Our sales growth was particularly strong for clinical diagnostic products as well as certain pharmaceuticals.  Our North American Animal Health sales were $230.6 million for the first quarter, an increase of 11.6%. Internally generated sales increased 7.5% and acquisition growth was 4.1%. I think it's important to point out also that the acquisition growth is related to the timing of the Butler Schein Animal Health transaction. And because it closed 4 days into last year's quarter, it results in sales for the first 4 days of this quarter being classified as acquisition growth.  Our International sales for the first quarter of 2011 was $679 million, an increase of 11.4% compared with the prior quarter. This consisted of 9.8% increase in local currencies, primarily due to the acquisition of Provet Holdings and a 1.6% increase related to foreign currency exchange. Our internal sales decreased slightly by 1.1%, while acquisition growth was 9.9% in local currency. If you look at our international dental sales, which represent approximately 64% of our International business for the quarter, they were up 1.4%.  There was really no significant impact from foreign currency exchange due to the mix of businesses among various countries that we operate. Our internally generated sales in local currencies increased 0.8%, and the acquisitions accounted for the balance of the growth.  Looking at dental merchandise, dental merchandise internal growth in local currencies for the International group was 1.4%, and our dental equipment was relatively flat for the quarter. This was expected as our dental equipment sales primarily in Germany and Austria were negatively impacted by the IDS trade show, which was held in late March and we believe resulted in practitioners delaying equipment purchases. Also contributing to this were equipment sales growth in Australia, which reflects a difficult comparison due to a tax incentive in the prior year that drove strong equipment sales in the prior year.  Our international Animal Health sales, which represent about 1/3 of our International business, increased, 40%. This consisted of 34.5% growth in local currencies and a 6.3% increase related to foreign currency exchange. And our internally generated sales growth in local currencies was down slightly, 1.6% for the quarter. If we look at Technology and Value-Added services sales for the first quarter of 2011, they were $55.6 million, up 23.7% compared with the prior year's quarter, and internally generated sales were very strong, 13.8% in local currencies, and acquisition growth was 9.1% due primarily to the acquisitions of McAllister and InproMed. During the first quarter, we saw continued strong growth in both our Electronic Services and Software businesses.  Also during the quarter, we repurchased our common stock in the open market. Specifically, we repurchased approximately 410,000 shares of common stock during the quarter at an average price of approximately $66 per share, equating to approximately $27 million of cash outlay. The impact of this repurchase on shares on the first quarter diluted EPS really was not material. Our goal for share repurchase activities is to keep the number of shares outstanding for 2011 in line or even slightly down compared with the share count in 2010.  Let me now take a brief look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow. We saw a strong operating cash flow for the quarter of $47.6 million, and that compares to $21.7 million in the first quarter of 2010. Here, we continue to expect our operating cash flow to exceed our net income. With respect to accounts receivables, day sales outstanding from continuing operations, they increased slightly to 42.7 days for the first quarter of 2011 compared to 40 days from the first quarter of 2010. Our inventory turns from continuing operations for the first quarter was 6.1, and that compares to 6.3 turns for the first quarter of last year. I'd like to conclude my remarks by affirming our 2011 financial guidance as follows. We expect the 2011 diluted EPS to be in the range of $3.88 to $3.98 per share. And our 2011 guidance, as always, is for continuing operations as well as for completed and previously announced acquisitions but does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions. So with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Stan.
Stanley Bergman: Thanks very much, Steven. Let's focus a little bit on the North American Dental business to start with. For the past year and a half, we have been reporting internal growth in sales of dental consumable merchandise in local currencies. Gains during the first quarter of more than 3% are quite impressive, we believe, in light of overall market conditions. And if we take a look at the dental equipment side, we are happy to report a fifth consecutive quarter of growth in dental equipment sales and service. We also believe that the strong consumable sales growth is potentially a positive indicator of increasing future equipment sales.  Henry Schein's Special Markets group hosted our fifth annual national sales meeting last month in Orlando. Our Special Markets business is dedicated to servicing our large group practices as well as various institutional and government entities. The group is well established and has grown consistently for Henry Schein for almost a decade and a half. more than 125 Team Schein members and 75 of our company's supplier partners participated in the event. The event included numerous presentations by Henry Schein's leadership, strategic breakout sessions and supplier exhibits. Supplier partners also donated products from the exhibits at the end of the meeting to support Henry Schein Cares.  Our annual Special Markets national sales meeting provides an opportunity for Team Schein members and our suppliers to learn from one another. By interacting directly with our suppliers, our sales team develops the best possible knowledge of the markets we serve and the products and services we offer. The Special Markets team servicing those customers that have multiple locations generally under common management or the larger providers of dental care in this country has done very, very well for us and continues to help us grow in our overall market share in the dental market in the United States. Canada, by the way, also had a very, very good quarter with terrific a national sales meeting as well. We are doing very well in Canada and continue to gain market share both on the consumables and, of course, also on the equipment side. The North American Medical business had a very good quarter with the internal sales growth up 10%. However, let me note that for first quarter of 2010, the sales growth for the group was only 2.4%. So it was not a particularly difficult comparable. But if you take the 10% and the 2.4% and you average them out, you'll see that about a 6% internal growth rate was generated in our Medical group in the first quarter of 2010 and 2011, and that in itself, we believe, is significantly above the market growth. So we are very, very pleased with the performance of our Medical group, which is focused on office space and related type medical practices.  While lately we have been very active with veterinary and technology acquisitions, in mid-April, we announced the acquisition of Alpha Scientific. This acquisition strengthens our medical presence in the large and important California market, where we are somewhat underpenetrated, and gives us a very, very good opportunity to expand our market share in that important market. Alpha Scientific was a privately held company based in Los Angeles County with 2010 sales of around $10 million. Alpha distributes it and will continue to distribute traditional medical and surgical, pharmaceutical and laboratory products to approximately 2,000 physician offices and medical laboratories in that region. Similar to Henry Schein, Alpha Scientific has an integrated sales model, including field sales and telesales representatives. Alpha Scientific is an excellent strategic and cultural fit with Henry Schein, and we are delighted to welcome Charlie Patel, John Lee and their colleagues at the Alpha Scientific to Team Schein.  Charlie Patel founded Alpha Scientific and grew it into the successful organization it is today. He will continue with our team as a field sales consultant. We are also pleased to welcome John Lee to Team Schein as the Director of West Coast Sales Operations. John has built a stellar reputation over the past 3 decades and will play an important role as we continue to grow our business in California. In addition, we see considerable benefits from Alpha Scientific's long-standing relationships with laboratory customers and look forward to continuing to build that business. So we are very pleased with the momentum, the overall momentum, of our U.S. Medical business.  Now let's turn to the North American Animal Health business. As we discussed during our past 2 quarterly conference calls, we have turned our focus at Butler Schein Animal Health to various initiatives to drive sales growth by expanding the breadth and depth of our product offerings and strengthening customer relations.  First quarter results provide a positive indication regarding the success of these initiatives. We look forward to building on the strong first quarter performance with continued gains during the full year of operation for Butler Schein Animal Health. Butler Schein Animal Health held its 2011 national sales meeting in Atlanta in March. More than 400 Butler Schein managers and sales representatives attended the event, along with 40 participating Butler Schein supplier partners. The meeting underscores the shared commitment of those in attendance to help support the growth of customer practices through our comprehensive suite of products and services. We look forward to a very successful year for our North American Animal Health business.  Again, we are pleased with the performance at Butler Schein. The integration is largely behind us. Of course, there's always fine-tuning on the IT side in particular. And the sales force is highly motivated. It was quite an amazing experience to participate in a national sales meeting a year after we entered [ph]. And the team at Butler Schein and Kevin Vasquez has done a terrific job, and the business has gained good momentum. Mary Weinstein [ph] just joined us as the new CFO of Butler Schein Animal Health, and we believe the team to be a very strong team with great opportunity for us in the U.S. animal health market as a complement to our international animal health strategic footprint which I will now address. On the International side, as Steven mentioned, growth during the quarter was highlighted by the acquisition of Provet holdings, which for us completed early in the first quarter and has performed on plan with our expectation. I had the opportunity to spend time with the team, Butler -- with the Provet team, sorry, in Australia as well as the Henry Schein Dental team, and the morale and the atmosphere in our quite substantial Australia and New Zealand business is terrific. Butler Schein, I'm sorry, Henry Schein Australia had a very good national sales meeting. Morale was terrific, and the team at Provet are very, very excited to be part of our animal health global footprint.  When viewing the sales performance for our International business during the quarter, it's important to note that over the past 2 years, this group has posted quarterly internal sales growth in local currencies of more than 5% on average. And as expected, sales of the dental equipment in Europe during the quarter were impacted by the biannual IDS trade show which was held in Germany in March. We had a strong turnout, an upbeat tone as the show suggests strength for the coming months in our European Medical business. So I would say the atmosphere and the momentum in our International business is also very, very good. We will be adding an additional manager or 2 to that team to supplement our already very good European and International management team.  Technology and Value-Added Services also had a very strong quarter. In fact, our Technology and Value-Added Services group has posted double-digit sales growth in local currencies for 4 consecutive quarters, continuing a long-standing trend of solid growth. First quarter results include particular strength in Software sales in Australia and New Zealand and Electronic Services in the U.S. And that business is largely moving from sale of software into electronic services type of business, and that part of the business is doing, as I noted, very well.  And while this segment of our business is highly profitable, it also plays a key strategic role within Henry Schein. Technology Products and Value-Added Services help our clients to operate efficient practices and deliver high-quality patient care. And oftentimes, they also are integral to the selling of advanced technology specifically on the equipment side. And you should note that our digital x-ray sales were quite good in the first quarter.  And there is a strong connection between technology sales and, of course, software sales as the software allows for the integration of various aspects of the practice and, of course, positions Henry Schein for future high-technology product sales. The Technology business also provides a great platform for enhancing customer relations and increasing market penetration, as well as clear competitive advantage and, of course, a very, very good brand development mechanism.  So in closing, we'd be happy to take questions. We're very, very happy with the momentum in the company. All of our business units are well positioned. We are completing our strategic plan that will end for the period ending January 1, 2015, a process that involved over 100 Team Schein member executives. And I can report that the team is largely on the same page, a lot of good healthy debate, huge engagement and the morale amongst our senior management team and those participating in the strategic plan was really, really terrific.  In late March, we were ranked number one in our industry by Fortune Magazine in their 2011 list of the World's Most Admired Companies in 2 categories, namely Social Responsibility and Global Competitiveness. These are 2 key component parts of the Henry Schein strategy and help us advance overall shareholder value. We are honored to be included on this list with some of the most highly respected companies in the world. At Henry Schein, we have a long-standing, deep commitment to social responsibility, which has grown steadily as we expanded our operations throughout the world and has helped in driving penetration also from a business point of view with our customers.  So with that overview of our business group, let's now take some questions, Susan. Operator, we are ready to take their questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo from Crédit Suisse.
Glen Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG: I just wanted to talk about the differences between what we're seeing on the consumable side and what we're seeing on the equipment side. Basically, consumable seems to be recovering a little bit faster than expected, while equipment maybe seems to be a little bit slower than expected. I'm not sure if you would say that's a fair characterization, but can you please elaborate a little bit more in terms of what you're seeing on the equipment side? Is there still a story here that the high-tech stuff is growing much faster than the basic equipment? Any additional details would be helpful.
Stanley Bergman: Glen, I think equipment, one has to be a little bit careful in viewing it precisely quarter-to-quarter. You've got to look at it directionally. And directionally, the Equipment business is bouncing back. The digital is doing well. But also, the traditional business is doing quite well.  And you have to also take into account that we are no longer exclusive for BIOLASE and that over time, we probably will diversify our offering of labels. So when you take that into account and you back that out, the positive growth, although not quite at the level of the Consumable business, was quite good. The Consumable business, I might hasten also to point out, was somewhat impacted by the bad weather. So that's -- the momentum really is even a little bit better. But if you take the 2 in context, we remain quite optimistic about the Equipment business, and we see some enthusiasm having returned to dentists looking at equipment. And in the U.S., we expect them, at least at this point in time assuming things remain stable in the worldwide economy, to continue to start buying a bit more. And we're quite optimistic, although cautiously optimistic, with respect to equipment sales for the year.
Glen Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG: Hey Stanley, if I could just follow up and ask one more. I wanted to tell you about the Medical business a little bit. Clearly, you had another very robust quarter of organic growth in that division. And can you give us a better sense for maybe what's driving that? I think you maybe alluded to maybe there are some market share gains in there. But clearly, your numbers are much faster than the market. I'm trying to bridge the gap on what's making up that delta.
Stanley Bergman: Well, I think we noted a little bit in the earlier remarks 2010 was a particularly low internal growth quarter primarily because of the comparable growth to the previous year when we had a lot of sales in food-type products. If you'll recall, there was a flu scare in 2009. So 2010 was quite low. But if you take 2010 and you take 2011 you average them out, you'll see about a 6% average growth. And I think that's kind of more or less where we're heading, the scope of acquisition growth in there. But low single digits is probably where we're heading directionally. And that is ahead of the markets. And so we believe that we'll continue, as we have for many years, to be gaining market share in the Physician business. This is a pure quarter.  There's no real adjustment for businesses that we got out of, as they have been in many of the previous quarters of the medical side. So I think low single digits is directionally where we're headed in the medical side, and that positions us to gain market share. On that side, there are 2 major focuses. One, of course, is the standalone practices. But then the other part are the emerging multiple practices under common management-type operations, and I think we're ideally positioned for that given our centralized distribution model, which I think is more geared towards that than perhaps some of our competitors.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Verdell Walker - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: This is Verdell Walker for Robert Jones. Just following up really quickly on the medical question. How much would you attribute that to improving physician utilization in your view?
Stanley Bergman: I don't know if it's 100% correlation between our performance in the market and physician utilization. I think we are doing well in some of the larger group practices, as I noted, and these are multiple locations under common management or bigger practices emerging. I think we're doing better in some of the areas, specialty areas. A little bit of rebounding there. And generally, I think we're taking market share. So there is a little bit of inflation here because of commodity prices. And generally, we've been able to pass that on to our customers. So I think that utilization has gone down, it's not gone up. We think In the dental world, the momentum on utilization is probably -- and these are all intuitive and directionally we think that the utilization, dentistry has a little bit better increase than in the medical side. And I think it's what we're doing internally that is helping us grow market share.
Verdell Walker - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Right. And just a quick follow-up. Within the internal growth on the dental equipment side, can you provide a little bit more detail on which products you're seeing growth in, like any specific categories, which are based on your expectations?
Stanley Bergman: I think I mentioned this, but we saw good growth on the traditional side, there's a bit of a bounce back there, and on the digital x-ray side.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Larry Marsh with Barclays Capital.
Larry Marsh - Lehman Brothers: Just 2 quick things, if I could. first of all, if I think about the -- can we talk a little bit about the Vet business, the Animal Health business? I know you had said in the last 6 months they let us pull the businesses together and then we'll start to see some accelerated revenue growth once we do that. Well, clearly, this quarter, you saw it. And I guess with Kevin and his team, how much confidence do you have that you're going to be able to plug along at this 6%, 7% internal growth rate, that market here the next year or so? And what are some of the initiatives that can help you continue to plug along at that rate, do you think?
Stanley Bergman: Larry, it's hard to give you a precise growth rate by quarter for any one of our businesses. But I have to tell you I could just go on my gut reaction, my experience, my feel. I've been attending Henry Schein national sales meetings for a long, long time, and I have to tell you the momentum and the morale at our Animal Health meeting was terrific. And people believe they're on the winning team. People only spent less than a year on internal stuff. But usually, on the acquisition and merger of this size, a couple of years.  So I would the morale is good. I would say that from a smaller practice point of view, we are gaining some market share there, and we're adding Henry Schein products to the mix. And we think that we will continue to grow our market share. There are a couple of new products coming out or have come out. There's a little bit of a threat from generics in one area. But overall, we're quite optimistic. I think our budget is a little less than the numbers we're showing, so we have to be cautiously optimistic. But the view that we have today is in line with the view that we had on the last call where we felt the integration was behind and now we should focus on sales. And so we've made some real important acquisitions in the software space.
Larry Marsh - Lehman Brothers: Yes.
Stanley Bergman: We have to bring those companies together. They're doing well. They are the leaders. And half the -- the United States use us, and we have to build a collaboration between the software people. And, of course, salespeople, all suffered down in Dental in the past. And we're quite optimistic. This is stuff we've done before. We've got a good management, good management. And we're quite optimistic. But I can't give you -- I'd love to give you a precise feel on the growth rate. But we don't think it's going to be much less. And directionally, we think we're going to continue to gain market share.
Larry Marsh - Lehman Brothers: Yes, no, fair point. And I guess a follow-up. I've followed you guys for a number of years. And it always strikes me you guys', throughout the years, conservative view. And it strikes me certainly on the guidance here, given the trends you're seeing, given this first quarter, that you're sitting with a nice conservative view of that range for this year. And it strikes, if anything, the confidence level you have now is higher than it was a couple of months ago. And I guess my question is -- and maybe I'm just saying the obvious, but if you think about another sort of driver of your business, while last year it was using cash to buy businesses, I know in the first quarter you had completed Provet, it seems to me that one area of focus for you guys, been very successful overseas, has been the implant area, Camlog. So I guess specifically, how fast is Camlog running for you in Germany? And wouldn't that be a natural area for you guys to be more exposed to in the U.S. over time? And have you guys commented publicly about any interest at all or part of the assets of Astrotech?
Stanley Bergman: Let's deal the Astrotech. We don't normally comment on acquisitions or non-acquisitions -- so I think we should leave it at that. But if you look at the Astrotech property, there's a lot more in there than implants. But we don't normally comment on the way they're bidding for a property or not. But what I will say is, and we've said this now for a while, our focus is to advance our position in the specialty area. And it's in that context that we're looking to provide more of a complete offering to specialists. I think we've done very well providing GPs with practically everything they need, and for specialists, we have a great offering for part of what they need. We, through our strategic plan thinking, are going to provide a more holistic approach to the specialists, providing everything they need under one stop, from the software to, of course, the basic consumables and equipment and for the specialty products that they need.  So if you look at the oral surgery part, which is the part that relates to implants, you will see that we've invested resources in both regeneration products through the relationship we have with Ace. There is the relationship with Camlog. And we will be adding additional focus. We brought on board John Cox, a very seasoned sales executive from the implant area, and he is going to be helping, Jim Breslawski,  Who is our President, and Lonnie Shoff, who is the President of our Specialties business, advance our specialties area in general. And we will continue to focus on expanding the growth of Camlog. Camlog, I think, was one of the few large implant companies that did well during the recessionary time. I can report that Camlog sales growth in the U.S. is really very good. That's off a small base. But I think finally, after several years, we've cracked the formula for growing implant sales in the U.S. So Camlog is doing extremely well in Germany and in a number of other markets. We will focus on expanding the Camlog business in other markets. And in the U.S., as I noted, we have a lot of momentum.  We will add a specialty executive to focus on Europe in the next 3 to 6 months, probably 3 months, and we are quite focuses and quite optimistic about gaining market share in general with specialists on a holistic offering of the wide better range of products. And this is a strategy that we have tested now for the last several years in different component parts, and we'll be ready in the near future, certainly by the end of the year, to roll out a program, a holistic program, for specialties in the endo orthodontic oral surgery/implant areas.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JP Morgan.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co: First, Steve, I was wondering, maybe you could remind us of what your foreign exchange expectations are in the current guidance. And then secondly, Stanley, can you maybe talk about on the physicians side, are you starting to see hospitals buy up any of the physician practices? And clearly, if you are seeing that it's having an impact on the top line, but are you seeing any impact from changes in margins or changes in your contractual relationships, if that's starting to happen?
S. Paladino: Lisa, I didn't catch the first question, foreign exchange.
Stanley Bergman: Well, now foreign exchange is not my department.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Right.
Stanley Bergman: Maybe you go first.
S. Paladino: Yes, Steve don't very much of the foreign exchange end. So that -- on expansion of group practices, yes, there is a movement towards 1 or 2, 3 practitioners going to 3, 4, 5. There's a movement to larger practices becoming even bigger, and there's a movement towards hospitals acquiring practices. Now there is a lot written about that, and if you can follow, as I'm sure you do, all the various conference. I mean, a lot of that is taking place. There's a lot of debates. But I don't think it's a wholesale movement. But it is a movement. And Henry Schein is ready to work clearly in that area. We have, I think, close to 100 people, maybe a few more, focused on that part of the business. And there are salespeople, back office people, formulary people, GPO people and the people that are working GPOs. It's complex. It's a shift. It's a movement. We think we have actually the best solution today in the marketplace for those kinds of customers. And so profitable business. And we do well, but I think we deserve to do well because we provide very good services in that area.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And is the margin comparable to the business you do today or would we see a margin structure change as -- if we do really start to see that ramp, right? So if we start to see upsells and others start to buy, will we see potentially incremental revenue offsetting the margin impact or is the margin fairly comparable to what you see in your base book today?
Stanley Bergman: Lisa, this is sensitive area for competitive reasons, not from an investor point of view. From an investor point of view, you can be sure that the return on investment here is quite good. We have done very well in this area on the dental side. We continue to do well. I think we continue to deliver value to our dental customers way beyond what anyone else does. And it's our full intention to do exactly that on the medical side. And, of course, you know that we do that through Butler Schein as well.  So the big customers, I think, is Schein's specialty, and It's an area we will continue to focus on. We will to do well for our shareholders, but I believe we will do very well for the customers in that area and provide very good value. I think our methodology -- remember Schein came out of pharmaceutical industry where the whole GPO movement started. So our methodology, our management thinks this way. So I would say to you that this is good for our -- this particular aspect is good for our shareholders and good for our customers.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette.
Stanley Bergman: I think we have -- Steven was going to answer a question on foreign exchange.
S. Paladino: Yes, just let me briefly answer the foreign exchange question before the next question comes on. So first, the foreign exchange impact to our EPS this quarter was really very nominal. It was slightly positive, less than $0.01 per share for Q1 this year versus Q1 last year. However, versus our internal budgets and guidance, there is an opportunity given where primarily the euro is versus our guidance. The euro was somewhere around $1.45 or so versus the dollar. Our original guidance and budgeting was done at a lower number, probably in the mid-$1.30s range. So there is a little bit of opportunity assuming the dollar to the euro stays where it is for the balance of the year. And again, for the first quarter, there really was no significant favorable benefit. So with that, we'll take that next question, please.
Operator: Okay. And your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with UBS.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank: A couple of questions here. First on the International Dental. Given the flattish-type internal growth number you posted in International Dental in 1Q, it was obviously held back by IDS trade show, as you suggested previously. But the fact that 4% to 5% has been the more normalized recent internal growth trend, could we see a snapback maybe approaching the double-digit growth range for International Dental for the quarter or 2 do you think that's too aggressive? I'm just trying to get a sense for the snapback effect that we might see in International Dental.
Stanley Bergman: I think we really have to be very careful being that precise in telling you what our sales is going to be in the third quarter. We can't -- for second quarter, we can't do that. But I think if you read the script, I think you'll see that we remain quite optimistic about our International business, which has 3 components: Animal Health is in good shape; the Provet acquisition being added; the Medical business in Europe is very small; and the Dental business in Europe, we continue to be the most important player in the German market. And Germany continues to be important for us; and we had a very good IDS. I cannot tell you the products we shipped precisely in the second quarter or third quarter, but I think for those that participated in the meeting, you would have noticed that there were lots of orders taken. Schein booth was very full. Our backlog is quite good. And I think our business -- if you want to go a little bit further than Germany, and Austria is quite good. And Benelux is quite good. France is quite good. Italy is doing well. U.K. is a challenge and so is Spain.  But on balance, they're doing well. And I think we've noted in the past that Australia had a very strong 2010 because of tax stimulus. So that will depress the numbers slightly in 2011, but our market share remains strong in Australia. So overall, we remain optimistic about the International business. But very hard to give you a snapback definition for the first and second quarter of 2011.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank: Okay.
S. Paladino: Yes. I think let me just add one other thing. If you looked at Q1 of last year, the International group total sales growth was 16%, and International Dental total sales growth was 18%. So we had a very strong Q1 of 2010. And that, coupled with the IDS impact that we talked about a couple of times, is, I think, the main reasons why when you look at the growth for this quarter, that the growth is less. But I would agree with Stan to give precise snapback definition is difficult, but I think there is some upside to growth rates because of those 2 factors.  Okay. Now on acquisitions. And you guys talk about completed acquisitions that were in the margin profile on 1Q. But based on what you've completed to date, do you expect either margins to still expand in overall calendar '11 versus '10 or do you think M&As are going to wipe out most of the 30 to 50 bps you would normally expect? I'm just trying to get a sense for that as well.
Stanley Bergman: Steve, for some reason, the question was breaking up. Could you just repeat it again, please?
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank: Oh, sorry. As far as the acquisitions that you've completed where you talked about that hurting the margin profile on 1Q, so based on what you've completed to date, do you think that for the full year, 2011 versus 2010, do you still either margin expansion -- you sort of talked about 30 to 50 bps normally, of how that might be tougher. But I'm just trying to get a sense for how much M&A might wipe out margin expansion for the full year.
S. Paladino: Oh, we still feel comfortable that we'll expand margins. You know our goal is an annual goal, not necessarily for each and every quarter. So there are still opportunities to expand margins, and we believe we can accomplish that, although some of it is because some of these new acquisitions. Provet is a reasonably big acquisition, $300 million approximate of sales. The other thing, when you look at our segment reporting, you'll see that although Technology group still has a very strong operating margin, you'll see that for the quarter, the operating margin is down. That's because the vet acquisitions, while still very profitable, are less profitable than our existing Technology group. And if you look at -- when we publish later today our 10-Q, you will see that the Technology operating margins are down probably from about 33% to about 27%. Still very healthy and still very good margins on the vet software companies. But because they don't have a scale of, for example, our dental software companies, the operating margins are not quite as good. So that's impacting us a little bit. But overall, the model is still intact of expanding operating margins.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Susquehanna.
Albert Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: This is Brandon Fajay [ph] for A.J. My first question is about the acquisition landscape across your various business segments and where you see most opportunities there. And then second, the minority interest line has kind of bounced around a little bit the last few quarters. It went back up a little bit this quarter after, I think, last quarter's $4 million from -- I think you mentioned increased the Camlog ownership stake as the reason for the decline. I guess where are you seeing that number for the rest of this year?
Stanley Bergman: Steve will respond to the minority interest calculation. As far as M&A, our strategy since we went public, I think 61st quarter now, 62nd, has been to have a good mix between internal growth and acquisition growth. We continue to have that as a core part of our strategic plan going forward. There are still lots and lots of opportunities, actually more opportunities than we have the capacity to close on. Closing is not necessarily limited by financial resources but internal management, integration and other site capabilities. So we can't tell you exactly what quarter we'll close on deals, but we continue to expect to grow our business both in terms of products we're already selling, additional products focused on the office space, dentist, veterinarian and physician and entering into new geographies.  So product expansion, new geographies in the products that we're in today present a huge opportunity for us, and that's both in acquisitions and in joint ventures. I think we have the management team to implement a lot more, and we will execute closings in a disciplined way in terms of financial return but also in terms of strategic intent. And so you can expect to see acquisitions continue, but it'll be very difficult to pinpoint quarters.
S. Paladino: On the minority interest or what's called the net income or loss attributable to noncontrolling interests, there's a couple of things going on there. First, it's $6.4 million both for this year, 2011, and for the first quarter of last year, it was a little bit below that at almost $6.4 million. It has changed from the fourth quarter. There's a couple of reasons why. One is seasonality. Two is there's lower minority interests related to Camlog because we own a greater percentage.  But what's offsetting that is because of greater profitability at Butler Schein from normal activities as well as elimination of integration expenses that we had last year. There's a greater minority interest related to Butler Schein. So all of that's kind of netting together. But I think what you're seeing in the first quarter of this year from a run rate point of view if we just take into account seasonality is the more normalized run rate.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Stanley, I was hoping to start with you and just ask you to reconcile some of your medical comments. I understand that 2.4% organic growth comp you came up against this quarter. But the flipside of that is your organic growth comps actually turned negative over each of the next couple of quarters, at least if I've got my model correct. So just trying to reconcile kind of your comments on some of those growth rates maybe pulling into the low single digits over the next few quarters and the fact that the comps turn probably 500 to 600 basis points here over the next couple of quarters.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, Jeff, maybe the low single digits was -- I kind of spoke too quickly there. I mean, when I say low single digits, I think you can expect us to grow beyond the markets. And I think it's closer to the middle than the low on the single digits. And really, we're now getting into a little bit to the size of the pen [ph] you've got, but I think our team, our senior team on the medical side are quite optimistic specifically as we're doing some of our bigger -- as we're performing some of our bigger accounts and even the growth in market share with the smaller accounts. And so I think the market will grow taking into account -- a little bit you have to take into account the impact on commodities, will they go further up, will they come down, are they switching to generics or not.  But in terms of units, I think we're in a stable to growth area from a Henry Schein point of view, and I think we're ahead of the market. So I don't want to get -- it would be very difficult to get into dialogue with a 2%, 3% or 4%, 5%, but it's -- there is a growth rate that puts us ahead of the market, I think.
Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: All right, that's helpful. And then the last follow-up question just on the dental equipment side. Your comments seem to indicate that you expect maybe a strengthening of that segment, at least in North America over the next few quarters and obviously in International coming out of IDS. But typically, you have a 45 or maybe even a 60-day book of business on the North American equipment side. So any insight into what you're seeing for at least the near term here?  And I know I've heard that there has been some price increases on the basic equipment side that are picking up or that are sticking and maybe demand on the basic equipment side growing to low to mid-single digits. Obviously, your Driven to Excellence program that you hold those meetings each year seem to be filling up quite nicely and quite a bit of a demand there. So just wondering maybe how that book looks to be developing over the next few months.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, Jeff, I think you can, I mean, we can all expect that the directional area for equipment will continue as we have been growing in the past year. The Dental large equipment backlog, which consists of traditional equipment, BIOLASE and Cone Beam at the end of 2011 was up from prior year. I think it was something like 6% or so, and we are getting rather fine here. So I just want to try to provide directional information and not get too precise because it's very hard to predict firstly the quarter. In addition, the backlog at the end of the first quarter was up from the fourth quarter. So I think these are all indications that the market is recovering. Yes, there is some inflation here, but I think mix is more important than inflation. I think the good news is that we're feeling a lot better on traditional equipment than we've felt perhaps in the last, I don't know, 6 quarters.  Digital x-ray continues to do well. I think the momentum for the year should be good. I think the whole CAD/CAM section in dentistry is growing. And so we're feeling quite good about the dental market. Precisely when sales come is always a little bit difficult on equipment. I think you know this as well, IDS is an extremely successful show by any measurements: by product category, new introductions, new to the buyers. And generally, I think on equipment, with the exception perhaps of the U.K. and Spain and maybe a little bit -- and Australia where we really had a big run-up, I think the global equipment market has very positive attributes right now. And so I think that bodes well in aggregate for Henry Schein.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bob Willoughby with Bank of America.
Robert Willoughby: Any word from Oak Hill on the plans for the Butler stake? I know they can't put it to you this year, but what kind of advance notice must they provide you if they intend to do so?
Stanley Bergman: We've had informal discussions with them. Right now, best I could tell is that they still like the property, they still believe there's good growth prospects for the company. So they have the ability to put, you're correct Bob, at this time, and that would be for 20-something percent of the ownership of Butler Schein. But again based on what they're saying that right now they feel good about the property and they want to continue to hold it. I think the notice period is at least 90 days, but I have to really doublecheck that. But like I said, that's what they've been telling us, that they like it and have no short-term interest on putting.
Stanley Bergman: I think they're very happy. And it seems to me that they investing alongside us in the software businesses that we just acquired indicates they're happy with the space. They contribute at the board level, and overall, their joint venture with the Ashkins [ph] and Oak Hill now and a very strong management team is directionally heading in the right way.
Operator: And we do have time for one last question from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
Unknown Analyst - : This is Robbie Fada [ph] in for John today. Just a quick question on the flu vaccine. What are your early expectations for that business this year? And are there any changes in strategy compared to last year?
S. Paladino: That's a good question. Unfortunately, the market is really just developing now. What I can tell you is that what we're hearing from the manufacturers is that they expect to be able to produce the product in a timely fashion, which is generally good for the whole industry. It was a bit of a mild flu season last year. So sometimes, that could impact the current year.  Our strategy remains the same. We have been taking prebook orders, which are indications what customers want. It's still very early. It's hard really to make any statement on flu vaccine as far as is it better or worse. So if prebook is ahead or below, it's still too early really to be making those comments. But again, given our philosophy on flu, which is selling a similar amount as last year, I think that we really have to wait and see how the market develops. But we still believe that selling that in that 13 million -- 13 million dose range, sorry. 13 million dose range, similar to last year. I wish I could give you more. But really, it's so early in the season that there's not a lot of information out there right now.
Unknown Analyst - : Understood.
Stanley Bergman: Ladies and gentlemen, Steven, thank you. Thank you all for calling in. Thank you, Susan. Of course, if you have any additional questions, Steve can be reached at (631) 843-5500, and Susan at same but 5562. And we look forward to updating you in another 60 days.
S. Paladino: 90 days.
Stanley Bergman: 60 days, right?
S. Paladino: What is it?
Stanley Bergman: 90.
S. Paladino: 90.
Stanley Bergman: 90 days. And yes, this is a normal quarter, so we look forward to that. And, of course, as you can tell from our remarks, we remain quite optimistic about Henry Schein. The morale of the company is good. Lots and lots of opportunities. And execution in general is going quite well. So we look forward to having good news again in 90 days. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's Henry Schein First Quarter 2011 Financial Results. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: S. Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Executive Director Susan Vassallo - Vice President of Corporate Communications Stanley Bergman - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co Robert Jones - UBS Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank Robert Willoughby Albert Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Fourth Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, Susan.
Susan Vassallo: Good morning. Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's fourth quarter results. If you have not received a copy of our earnings news release, you can access it on our website at henryschein.com. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of this live broadcast, February 22, 2011. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call that you limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for the call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over now to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Susan, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us this morning. We are delighted to be reporting solid fourth quarter financial results that reflect market share gains across the board in each of our business groups. This quarterly performance is continued validation of our growth strategy and the underlying strength of our business and confidence in our markets.  In addition, for the first time, quarterly sales for Henry Schein reached the $2 billion mark. Quarterly net sales first surpassed the $1 billion in the third quarter of 2004. And this doubling of quarterly sales represents compounded annual growth of 12%. Since then, the timeframe that includes the recent years of global economic challenges.  In a moment, I'll provide some further color on each of our businesses and provide the full year highlights. But first, let's ask Steve Paladino to provide an overview of our quarterly financial results. Steve?
S. Paladino: Okay, thank you, Stan, and good morning to everyone. I, too, am pleased to be reporting strong results for the fourth quarter of 2010. Before we begin, I'd like to point out that the prior year's fourth quarter results reflect a restructuring credit of about $1 million pretax or $0.01 per diluted share. I will be providing growth rates compared with the prior year, excluding the restructuring, and I will refer to those results as adjusted results from continuing operation. Exhibit B to this morning's earnings news release reconciles our GAAP and non-GAAP income and EPS from continuing operations. Turning to our financial performance. As Stan mentioned, net sales for the quarter ended December 25, 2010, were $2 billion, reflecting a 13.3% increase compared with the fourth quarter of 2009. This consists of a 15% growth in local currencies, partially offset by a 1.7% decrease related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, internally generated sales were up 3.3%, while acquisition growth was 11.7%. Sales of seasonal influenza vaccines were $14 million for the fourth quarter of 2010. And if you were to exclude the sales of these products from both periods, our net sales increased by 15.4% in local currencies. Again, you can note the details of sales growth contained in Exhibit A of our earnings news release that was issued this morning.  Gross margin for the fourth quarter of 2010 was 28.4%, a decline of about 106 basis points compared with the fourth quarter of 2009. This decline is entirely due to our North American Animal Health business and as a result of product mix. Please keep in mind that our animal health gross margin is less than our other businesses, and that animal health now represents a much larger percentage of net sales. More specifically, in the fourth quarter of 2009, our North American Animal Health business was approximately 3% of company's total sales, and today, for the fourth quarter of 2010, it represents approximately 11% of the total. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the fourth quarter of 2010 were $432.7 million, representing a 21.4% of sales, and that compares with 21.8% of sales for the fourth quarter of 2009 and this is an improvement of 43 basis points. Excluding the seasonal Influenza Vaccine business from both periods, SG&A expenses improved by 49 basis points as a percentage of sales.  Our operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2010 was 7.0%, a decline of 69 basis points compared with the fourth quarter of 2009. And again, the majority of this operating margin contraction was due to our North American Animal Health business and the gross margin details I just discussed.  If you look at our effective tax rate for the quarter. For the quarter, the effective tax rate was 31.9%, which is in line with our guidance and is down from 32.6% in the fourth quarter of 2009. The 2009 number's on a non-GAAP basis.  Income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein for the fourth quarter of 2010 was $93.0 million or an even $1 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes certain unusual items in the prior year, income from continuing operations and diluted EPS increased 8.5% and 7.5%, respectively, compared with the fourth quarter of 2009. Again, details of non-GAAP items are included on Exhibit B. If we look at our financial performance on a full year basis, I'm pleased to report that we achieved 15.4% sales growth in local currencies, including 3.1% internally generated; nearly 12% diluted EPS growth from continuing operations on a non-GAAP basis; and cash flow from operations of nearly $389 million, which exceeds our net income from the year and is in line with our corporate goal. We are very proud to have exceeded the EPS goal we stated more than a year ago during this difficult and uncertain economic climate.  Now I'd like to provide some detail on our sales results for the quarter. Our North American Dental sales for the fourth quarter of 2010 increased 7.3% to $720.7 million consisting of 6.7% increase in local currencies and a 0.6% increase related to foreign currency.  If you look at our consumable merchandise sales, which increased 9.7% in local currencies, and that includes a 4.3% increase in internal sales growth and 5.4% growth due to acquisitions. This 4.3% local internal growth and consumable merchandise sales compares very favorably with the 1.5% growth we've reported for the third quarter of 2010, and internal sales growth in local currencies has increased modestly for each of the past five quarters in this category. Our Dental equipment sales increased 0.2% compared with the prior-year quarter in local currencies. All of that is internally generated. This is the fourth consecutive quarter that we have posted positive Dental equipment sales growth. I would also note that the fourth quarter comparison for this year is more difficult than earlier years due to stronger equipment sales in last year's fourth quarter. On an overall basis, we believe we gained market share in our North American Dental market based on our 3% local internal sales growth. Turning to North American Medical sales, they were $327.7 million for the fourth quarter. That's an increase of 5.7%. Internally generated sales increased 0.8% and acquisition growth was 4.9%. However, if you exclude the sales of seasonal influenza vaccines from both periods, our medical sales for the fourth quarter increased by 7.1% and internally generated sales were up 1.9%.  The fourth quarter 2010 sales growth comparison was also negatively impacted by reduced sales of products related to the H1N1 virus compared to the fourth quarter of last year. If you exclude the sales of those products, as well as the seasonal influenza vaccine from both periods, we estimate that our North American internal sales increased by 5.7%, and we believe that this is clearly gaining market share during the quarter, and also we believe that patient traffic to office-based physicians continues to be down moderately. North American Animal Health sales were $222.7 million for the fourth quarter, an increase of 282.2%. Again, this is related to the Butler Schein transaction, and we estimate that our internally generated sales were essentially flat. Although please note that, again, it's very difficult to calculate this figure since our business has been fully integrated into the combined Butler Schein Animal Health business. I'll also point out that beginning with the first quarter of 2011, the Butler Schein Animal Health transaction has annualized, and therefore, the comparisons will be more meaningful on a go-forward basis. International sales for the fourth quarter of 2010 was $695 million. That's down 0.6% compared with the prior year's quarter. This consisted of a 4.4% increase in local currencies and partially offset by a 5% decrease related to foreign currency exchange. Our internal sales growth increased 4%, and the remainder of 0.4% was acquisition growth in local currencies.  If we look at the international dental sales, which represent approximately 70% of our International business, they were up 0.6%. This consisted of 6.1% growth in local currencies and a 5.5% decrease related to foreign currency exchange. And our internally generated sales in local currencies increased 5.5%, and acquisitions accounted for 0.6% growth. Internal growth in local currencies was 3.8% for Dental merchandise for the quarter, and was a strong 9% for Dental equipment for the quarter. Obviously a very healthy growth rate on the International Dental equipment side. We also believe that on an overall basis, we gained market share on our International Dental business for the quarter. And the remainder of the International business, which is primarily of the Animal Health business, which represents 24% of the International business, was down slightly 1.1%, and that consisted of 2.2% growth in local currencies, all internally generated, and a 3.3% decrease related to foreign currency exchange. Turning to our Technology and Value-Added Services sales for the fourth quarter of 2010 were $57.5 million, up 21.9% compared with the prior year's quarter. That represents internally generated sales increasing 17.5% and acquisition growth of approximately 4.4%.  During the quarter, we saw continued strong growth in our Electronic Services and Software businesses with particular strength in software sales in Australia, New Zealand, Canada, and our Electronic Services business in the United States.  We continued during the quarter to repurchase common stock in the open market. For the fourth quarter, more specifically, we repurchased 919,698,000 (sic) [919,698] shares of common stock during the quarter, at an average price of $57.54 per share. In total, we bought back about $58 million of common stock during 2010. This impact on the repurchase of shares in the fourth quarter and full year was not material to our EPS. Our goal of share repurchase activity is just to keep the number of shares outstanding for 2011, either in line or slightly down compared to the share count for 2010. Let's now take a brief look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $212 million, which compares to $178.5 million in the 2009 fourth quarter. The operating cash flow for the year was $388.9 million, as I mentioned earlier, and we are very pleased to have achieved our stated goal of having operating cash flow for the year in excess of our net income. Accounts receivable day sales outstanding from continuing operations increased to 40.8 days for the fourth quarter. That compares to 38 days for the fourth quarter of last year. And on a full year basis, our day sales outstanding were consistent at 40.4 days for both the current year and the prior year. Our inventory turns from continuing operations for the fourth quarter improved to 6.7 turns. That compares with 6.5 turns in the fourth quarter of 2009. For the year, our inventory turns also improved to 6.5 turns compared to 6.2 turns in the prior year. Our capital expenditures for the year of 2010 were $39 million, and we expect capital expenditures to be up a bit in 2011 to approximately $55 million to $60 million for the year.  I'd like to conclude my remarks with affirming our 2011 financial guidance as follows. We expect the 2011 diluted EPS to be in the range of $3.88 to $3.98, and this 2011 guidance is for continuing operations as well as any completed or previously-announced acquisitions, but does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions. Let me also mention at this point that we expect growth for the first quarter of 2011 to be in the mid-single digits and then to accelerate beyond that.  With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much, Steven. North American Dental. I'd like to begin my review of our business with a review of the North American Dental business. We marked our fifth consecutive quarter of internal Dental consumable merchandise growth in local currencies, which provides further evidence of the stability of our North American Dental market, as well as the productivity of our consultative approach to sales and customer service resulting, we believe, in our continuous market share gains.  We have recorded Dental equipment sales growth for each quarter of 2010. Sales of Dental equipment continued to reflect strong demand for high-tech equipment. We believe that pent-up demand for Dental equipment will have a positive impact in future quarters, and our order book continues to be quite healthy.  You may recall that in late September 2009, we have announced that Lonnie Shoff had joined Henry Schein as President of the newly created Henry Schein Global Healthcare Specialties Group. Her mandate is to seek strategic business opportunities that help us to build our specialty businesses and expand our exclusive and semi-exclusive products and service offerings. Over the past several years, we have made excellent progress in deepening our presence in the Global Dental Specialties markets. This is particularly exciting as Henry Schein has a significant opportunity to partner with our dental specialist customers, as we do with our general practitioner customers. There are a number of businesses within this group and product categories include orthodontics, endodontics, CAD/CAM and instrumentation, as well as dental implants, restorations and alloys.  Overall, products sold under these brands carry gross margins that are higher than the company's average. So clearly, they are important to Henry Schein's bottom line. Exclusive brand relationships enable us to bring innovative goods and services to our customers and help our customers to raise standards of care and improve their practices, both from a clinical and financial point of view. One of the prime benefits of our strategic acquisition approach is that we gain the expertise of key executives at acquired companies, with the goal of leveraging the talent that these executives bring, and of course our own executives saw mutual benefit. Among our most successful investments is Camlog International, our Dental Implant business. We began our relationship with Camlog over six years ago with a 51% ownership interest. Since that time we increased our equity stake to 91%, substantially improving our bottom line, and over that period, Camlog has reported a compounded annual growth rate of sales in the 20% region.  Our Dental Specialties group held our first annual Dental Specialties national sales meeting in early January of this year. More than 100 team Schein members from the United States and Canada attended the event, primarily those involved in sales and marketing. While much was covered, the key areas of focus were product training and strategy implementation. New products were featured too, including introduction of a new implant system and new orthodontic bracket system. As is the case for our overall North American Dental and Medical groups, this meeting will become an annual event for our Dental Specialties group, which is actually headed up by George Guttroff, an experienced dental executive, part of Lonnie Shoff's team. Lonnie of course also has responsibility for the Henry Schein Animal Health business in North America. That joint venture, at least, from a Henry Schein point of view.  The North American Medical Group, during the fourth quarter sold approximately 1.3 million doses of seasonal influenza vaccines. This brings our total for the year to approximately 12.5 million doses, which is in line with our expectations and is up from the approximately 9 million doses of seasonal flu vaccine we sold in the previous year of 2009.  Also, during the 2009 fourth quarter, we had meaningful sales of products related to H1N1 virus, and sales of such products occurred to a lesser extent of course in 2010 same period. Excluding sales of this group of products from both periods, as well as sales of the seasonal flu vaccine, as Steve mentioned, we estimated that the internal sales growth was approximately 5.7%. We are very pleased with the -- I believe it's a good indication of the true top line performance of our Medical Group. This growth rate clearly represents further market share gains in the physician marketplace during this quarter, while we believe the overall office-based physician market continues to experience a decline in patient visits. So overall, we're very pleased with the performance of our U.S. Medical business as well.  So now let's turn to the North American Animal Health business, which is our Butler Schein joint venture. Regarding our North American Animal Health business, as I've said for the past couple of quarters, integration work at Butler Schein Animal Health is, to a large extent, complete, and we've turned our focus now to various initiatives to drive internal sales growth by expanding the breadth and depth of our product offerings. As tangible examples of these initiatives, last week we announced two very important strategic acquisitions, both involving veterinary software companies. Our Animal Health business has become increasingly important to Henry Schein, and that's not only of course from U.S. point of view but from a global point of view as well. And being on the leading edge of technology solutions supports our position of industry leader. Of course on the software side, we now have a good presence in the United States, in parts of Europe and Australia and New Zealand as well. With the addition of the products and services of McAllister Software Systems and ImproMed, we further enhanced the vital role that Butler Schein Animal Health plays as a consultative partner to companion animal health practitioners. At the same time, we enhanced our ability to forge even stronger relationships with those manufacturers of veterinary pharmaceuticals, diagnostics and pet foods. So it's a symbiotic relationship between Butler Schein Animal Health and our Veterinary businesses in the United States and abroad, between the veterinarian and, of course, our suppliers of products to veterinarians. McAllister Software Systems serves nearly 10,000 veterinary clinics in the U.S. Henry Schein, by the way, has been the exclusive distributor for McAllister Software Systems in the U.S. for a while now, being responsible for the sale of these 10,000 veterinary systems. And ImproMed has approximately 4,000 users, mostly larger practices. We are delighted to represent such well-respected software brands AVImark, Infinity and Vtech advantage [ph], as well as the award-winning technology support of these businesses plus ancillary of course offering, ancillary e-products and services. Now let's take a look at our International business. Results were also strong. We had strong internal growth in local currencies in our Dental business, particularly in the Dental equipment area. International Animal Health sales growth in local currencies was also quite solid. On an overall basis, the U.K., Italy, France, Holland, Belgium and Austria each exhibited healthy sales growth. Equipment sales were particularly strong in Germany where we have a very nice position in the Dental equipment market and have done well growing our market share and for those suppliers that support us in that market in fact throughout Europe and Australia and New Zealand. Early in the first quarter, we closed on our acquisition of Provet Holdings Limited, which I described in some details in the last quarter conference. I just returned from a visit to Australia where I met with the dental team, the Henry Schein health team and the Provet team, and I'm really, really pleased to report that our business in Australia and New Zealand is very, very good. We have a solid management team. Unfortunately in New Zealand, we heard bad news today on the earthquake. It did not directly impact our businesses. Having said that, our hearts go out to the people of New Zealand who have gone and experienced this tragedy. Really, a very, very sad situation. Provet Holdings marks our entry into the Australasian veterinary markets, and the business continues to be run by its previous excellent management team. Really a group of knowledgeable animal health experts. The team down there really understand the product line, the needs of the practitioner and very, very happy with the team that has joined us down in Australia and New Zealand on the animal health side, which of course, supplements our successful Dental management team, which continues to run the business and has run the business for many years now. So overall, very, very good position of those markets, outstanding management team and well-run businesses in general. As we look to the first half of 2011, it's important to note that the biennial International Dental Shows, the IDS will be held in Cologne, Germany in late March. This is one of the largest and most important gatherings of the Dental community from across Europe. And in fact, people from around the world will be attending as usual that meeting. All major vendors will have a presence at the trade show, which typically provides a good indication of the Dental equipment market in particular, of course in Germany and Austria. This year's show promises to feature numerous product launches, and as in years past, we expect the Henry Schein booth to be very, very active, and we expect as usual to book a good pipeline of orders. As a reminder, typically, Dental equipment sales are somewhat slower in the months leading after the IDS show, and then orders tend to come through during the subsequent two quarters. That's the pattern we've seen for many, many years. By the way, our German team held their first national sales meeting in Germany. The first, I believe, of its kind in the German market, also extremely successful. And we also, a few weeks ago, held our U.K. national sales meeting. I can report to the shareholders that the morale in both markets, both the U.K. and Irish team and the German team is very high. We are doing very well in both markets where we are continuing to gain market share. Of course, this is [indiscernible] and should be combined with the strength that we are experiencing in gaining market share in Italy and France as well. And, by the way, the Benelux countries as well.  Let me conclude my review of our business with the Technology and Value-Added Services group. Once again, we posted impressive internal growth in local currencies in these business units. We had notably strong software sales in Australia, New Zealand and Canada. Our continued excellent performance in Technology and Value-Added Services provides a platform for enhancing customer relations, increasing market penetration and a clear competitive advantage. Obviously, the software businesses provide very good profits as our shareholders know, but also terrific stickiness to the rest of our business. And this is particularly exciting now as we've made meaningful investments in the Animal Health Software businesses with the McAllister and ImproMed veterinary software acquisitions that I've actually discussed a moment or two ago, and will be accounted for in our Technology and Value-Added Services Group. Let me also note that our Financial Services Group also had a terrific fourth quarter and we are very, very pleased with the performance of that group, too. Remember, we do not take credit risk ourselves that is passed off onto a bank, multiple banks that we provide excellent turnaround time and good financing options to our customers. It's a real good customer service option. We just had our first global meeting of all our financial service managers and really a delight to see the morale amongst that team and in fact the performance of that team.  So before we take questions, I'd like to take a moment to review some of the highlights of 2010, which set the stage for very, very exciting 2011 and beyond. 2010 was another year where we entered into a number of acquisitions both in the United States and abroad, each of which provided an excellent strategic and cultural fit with Henry Schein. I'd want to stress that, of course, the mathematics have to work, but the cultural fit that we seek when pursuing acquisitions. And as I just mentioned, we took a leadership position in the veterinary market in Australia and New Zealand by acquiring and merging with Provet Holdings Limited and into our leading dental position down there already. The cultural fit between Provet and Henry Schein in Australia and New Zealand is a perfect match.  We also entered into the dental market in Turkey by acquiring a 50% interest in the leading dental distributor in Turkey, Güney, to the organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Our international operations represent 1/3 of our consolidated 2010 sales. By the way, Güney is not consolidated. It's a 50% acquisition. During 2010, we made an investment in Brasla USA [ph], which is a leading distributor of dental specialty instrumentation. Brasla continues to operate as a standalone business under its existing leadership. Now that all internal announcements have been completed regarding our investment, we are pleased to publicly and enthusiastically confirm that this investment is in place, deepening our product offering to dental specialties. Very, very pleased with this investment and adding a lot of good talent to the team Schein organization from a specialty point of view but also from a sales organization point of view, where Brasla is particularly strong in the United States and Canadian markets. And a lot of strength actually new [indiscernible] is of course the formation of the Butler Schein Animal Health joint venture, which solidified our position as the leading distributor of products and services to the United States companion animal veterinary. That's a proven with our large position and growing position in Europe, where we believe we are also Europe's largest distributor of Veterinary Animal Health products. And as noted earlier on in Australia and in New Zealand where we command a similar type of position. So we have the U.S., Europe and Australia and New Zealand where we have a growing presence in the important Animal Health market. And as reported a little earlier, these businesses are all coming together nicely from a consolidation, integration and standardization of the brand and now we've added the opportunity of McAllister Software Systems, ImproMed and a couple of smaller veterinary software acquisitions in Europe, that coupled with the Provet Software business in Australia and new Zealand gives us a really, really solid position to help grow our business, help provide value-added services to our customers down south and in Australia and of course in the United States and Europe, and while at the same time cementing our relationship with diagnostic and other manufacturers of product. From a financial perspective, in August, we entered into a new $400 million private placement shelf facilities and called for redemption of our outstanding convertible contingencies, thereby limiting one of our more expensive sources of capital and avoiding the potential for future dilution of earnings per share. And if we just reflect for a moment on EPS, as Steve mentioned, we are proud to have delivered full year adjusted earnings per diluted share of $3.58, which represents growth of nearly 12% over 2009 and is above the guidance range we set in November of 2009. This accomplishment along with our 15.4% growth in net sales in local currencies is all the more notable, given the considerable market uncertainties and the challenges we experienced in the global economy during this time. And as a final highlight, in November, our Board of Directors authorized the further $100 million to our share buyback program, which is a very positive signal, we believe, about our company's future and our confidence in our growth in top line, profits and, in this case, cash flow as well.  So with the overview of our business in markets, let's take a few questions, but let me also take this opportunity to thank our 14,000 team Schein members around the world, who produced these terrific results in a most challenging economic environment. And also, I want to thank those shareholders who had confidence in us to invest in the company. So thank you very much. And Susan, let's open the lines for some questions.
Susan Vassallo: Operator, we'll take our first question.
Operator: And your first question comes from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Jones - UBS: Looks like some strength in Dental consumables this quarter. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about what you saw with the Dental equipment in the U.S.? And specifically, can you maybe just provide an update on how you're thinking about promotional activities around Dental equipment and how sensitive those sales have been relative to promotions lately?
S. Paladino: First on Dental equipment, we did see, I guess, some positive signs in Dental equipment in the fourth quarter. You have to remember that our year ended December 25, so we didn't get the full benefit of year-end buying related to tax planning because there was still an extra week of sales that could have occurred. Overall, if you look at our equipment sales, last year in 2009, the fourth quarter was down much less than the third and the second quarters. Specifically the fourth quarter, Dental equipment was down about 6%, and that compared with it being down double that 13% in the third quarter and 19% in the second quarter. So we had a more difficult comp for Q4. With respect to promotional activity, I'm not sure we're going to do anything unusually different from what we've been doing. We've been very active with promotional activity with Dental equipment, including unique financing arrangements. But I don't see us really doing anything different going forward. And again, if you look at the components of Dental equipment, we saw very strong growth in some of the high-tech categories. Really, traditional equipment was the area that was not as strong during the quarter. So I hope that helps out as color.
Robert Jones - UBS: And then just my follow-up was around some of the comments you made on medical, more specifically around the share gains. I was wondering if maybe you could just give us a little bit more insight into where that share gain is coming from? Is this from your larger competitors or is this from some of the smaller regional players? And then just as it relates to that, I know you said that you're still seeing some challenges around foot traffic, but I was wondering if you could just maybe give us a little detail around sequential improvement or decline in physician utilization, that will be helpful.
S. Paladino: Okay, on the first part of your question, certainly, a 5.7% local internal sales growth excluding the impact of H1N1 and seasonal flu vaccine is a very strong number and certainly is gaining market share. It's a little bit difficult for us to determine where the market share gains are coming from, but we don't believe it's focused on any one entity or group of entities, so we think it is across the board. We do believe that patient utilization is improving but improving modestly. We would expect that to continue during 2011. And right now, I think we're very pleased with growing our business in a market that at best it's flat but it's probably slightly down during the fourth quarter. So really it was a good quarter for our Medical Group.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with UBS.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank: The color on the North American Dental equipment was helpful. Your national equipment on the flip side was obviously a pretty strong number and I wanted to get more color on that, sort of what drove the 9% growth there?
S. Paladino: Yes, International was similar to what we saw in the U.S. It was driven by strong high-tech sales, specifically our German business, which is our largest International business for equipment. Had a very strong fourth quarter, but it was also a good quarter for the other markets. But again, it was led by the high-tech equipment categories that was extremely strong for us in Q4.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank: And then just a quick question and follow-up here on the 1Q '11 guidance. It looks like it's maybe it $0.03 or $0.04 below consensus, but I kind of missed the commentary on what's driving your view of sort of mid-single digit type growth for 1Q and then the acceleration for the rest of the year. If you can just give a little more color on that as well?
S. Paladino: Really if you look at Q1, the reason why the growth is a bit lower than the full year growth relates to, in simplest terms, a more difficult comp. Specifically, if you look at last year, our EPS growth was up 17%. So it was a very strong first quarter last year, and it's really just the timing of a number of expenses and activities, including going up. Stanley mentioned the IDS show, which tends to delay some equipment sales in the early part of the year but then that's a timing benefit in the latter part of the year. So it's really timing and the very strong Q1 of last year growth that we have that impacts that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Susquehanna Financial.
Albert Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Just maybe a broad question on the International acquisition activity. It seems like there's been a pickup in activity as witnessed at the announcements that you guys had. Is there any underlying reason that you think you're seeing more opportunities now? Are you more active? Or is there any reason that their sellers are more willing to talk to you at this point?
Stanley Bergman: I don't think much has changed. We have a very active business development group that have responsibility for advancing our business in North America and abroad. The pipeline continues to remain quite active. It's been quite active for many, many years. The timing of closing is of course lumpy, and I think the closing just bunched up a little bit. But the pipeline continues to be quite active as we expand our footprint in terms of Dental, Animal Health and to some extent, Medical, in the consumables, the equipment and software arenas. And we have lots more to go. We are moving towards a situation where probably half of our business will come from outside of the United States and then a period of time a couple of years. Lots more activity to go and lots more business to be had. We have a relatively small international market share, although by far the biggest of any distributor. But then the market continues to be relatively under-penetrated by us, so lots more to go and nothing special. There's no change in the price of acquisition. They still continue to be close at about the same rates. I think maybe getting a little bit better at doing these deals so we get a little bit more better deals, but no major changes, I think, right now.
Albert Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Thinking about the Butler Schein business, I know the original bought was going to be $0.03 to $0.05 added to 2011. Maybe any update on that? And also I guess that's the main driver of your minority interest expense, and I've noticed that has bounced around a little bit in the last three quarters, $4.2 million this quarter. Is that a reasonable run rate? Or do you think it will revert back to the sort of $8 million we saw last quarter?
S. Paladino: We'll take the second part of your question first, A.J. The minority interest line has bounced around, but the biggest change there was that we increased our ownership in Camlog International, right? So we went from about 65% ownership at the beginning of the year to -- we're just over 90%. So obviously, the change there was lower minority interest impact. There's offset to interest expense because we paid cash for that obviously. And net, it was slightly positive to us for the quarter. So I would expect that line to be more consistent to what you saw in Q4, as well as growth as the underlying businesses grow next year and beyond, because we do expect them to grow. With respect to Butler Schein, we don't have any change in our 2011 accretion guidance. We still believe that, that's a very doable achievement for us. We are focused on, as Stanley said, driving top line growth. We do think that now that all the integration activities are completed, we can do that and there's lots of opportunities there. And of course, hopefully, as the year progresses, we'll give more detail on that, but right now, we feel like the guidance that we gave is still intact.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JP Morgan.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Firstly, just a follow-up to an earlier question where you said that the year ended on December 25. Did you see sales actually come through for high-tech equipment in that last week? Or do you think because of the changes with the tax benefits being extended that the people are pushing out those decisions and maybe you'll see some of that come through in 2011?
S. Paladino: Lisa, it was a little bit of both because we did notice that some customers, because the tax benefit continues into this year, it wasn't the same need to purchase in 2010. Although just from a cash flow perspective, get the tax benefit this year versus next year is an advantage. And we did see our order book continue to be strong as we ended the year, so we do think that there's opportunity for equipment to pick up a little bit for 2011. It's really hard, as you can imagine, for us to specifically pinpoint exactly what the impact of the taxes, as well as the year end really does to our numbers. But we do think that Q4 would've been a little bit stronger because we did have a number of installations that occurred in the first part of January.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then on the consumable side, 4.3% internal growth. Are we seeing that the people are coming back to the dentist again? Do you feel that these are the trends are going to continue as we move throughout 2011? And then secondly, I think you also commented that you were taking some market share. Can you maybe just give us some idea of where you're taking that market share from?
S. Paladino: First, I think patient traffic in the dental office for Q4 clearly was up, so that was a good news. I think it's very important to note that the consumable sales is generally an indicator of the overall dental market, including equipment. So the fact that we saw good growth in the market and we took market share, because I don't think the market was near 4% growth, 4.3%, I think it's a good indicator that the market is rebounding, and I think that should again help out with equipment as the year progresses because as the dentists sees more activity, they may not want to delay certain equipment purchases. But to be fair, I don't think that gains, 4.3% gains on a continuing basis is something that you should expect. I think it was a very strong quarter for us but I do think that, that expectation continuing, it probably needs to be tempered a little bit.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then where you're taking the market share from?
S. Paladino: Again, I think it's primarily from the smaller players, but it probably is across-the-board. But primarily, I think from smaller players.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson from Robert Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Stanley, just on the U.S. Dental business or the North American Dental business, especially on equipment, any comments on your E4D business this quarter? And then Steve, the BIOLASE business went largely direct, I guess, in October of 2010, and I think Q4 last year was a pretty big BIOLASE quarter for you, if I remember right. Can you help us quantify at all what that headwind of that business going direct might've created in the quarter?
Stanley Bergman: Yes, Jeff, I would characterize E4D as quite solid. Of course, E4D has only been in the market for about two years or so and is gaining credibility and momentum. The machine is quite stable and I would say that our field sales consultants are getting many more appointments to see the machine now than say a year ago. And our close rate is pretty good. So I would say that in the United States market and the Canadian market, the machine is gaining credibility. We are starting to gain some sales. So we're happy, and so are our partners. There'll be more technology introduced in the next period of time, upgrades, et cetera. And so, I think we should characterize the investment and the exclusive distribution right as something we're very pleased with.
S. Paladino: Jeff, with respect to BIOLASE. Yes, you are correct that because of the change in the distribution arrangement, we are no longer the exclusive seller of BIOLASE. BIOLASE is also selling on a direct basis, and we think that's good for the product as it needs more representation in the market. That did have a negative impact to us, so our BIOLASE sales where we continue to sell was down. It was the highest negative in our equipment category. And if you were to exclude BIOLASE from both periods -- remember, it's not that material to us on an overall basis, but it did have an impact on our growth rate. If you were to exclude BIOLASE, the negative impact on our equipment sales growth for the quarter was almost 3%, so it did have a negative impact to us. And I think it's a good question because the overall Equipment business was stronger than what showed through on a reported basis.
Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And, Stanley, last question. I guess my follow-up question would be on your International business. One, I thought it was interesting you said in the next couple of years maybe getting a 50% of revenue as I've heard you in the past say, maybe over three to five years. So is there something that's accelerating that? That would imply over $1 billion in kind of new revenues over the next couple of years just in the international markets? And then any update at all on your Middle East business with all the upheaval we're seeing there? Obviously in the countries you're in -- the four countries you're in, it seems like things are relatively stable there, but any bleed over impact that we should be thinking about?
Stanley Bergman: Jeff, what I think gives us the additional confidence is we really have developed an outstanding international team over the last couple of years on the Dental side and the Animal Health and the small Medical business that we have. And I think that the team can take on more assignments. Of course, as we entered into and expanded into the Animal Health market, that gives us additional opportunity because there's a real good opportunity to consolidate that market and take our dental model and expand it abroad. So I think the team we have gives us runway. Clearly, our market share is not very high. So there's lots and lots of opportunity in each of the major markets. And of course, our entry into the emerging world markets also provides some upside, although my guess is the majority of the growth will come -- or the majority in terms of absolute dollars will come from the developed world. As it relates to the Middle East, our major position of course is in Turkey, which is really quite stable and the business is doing quite well, of course, it's a 50% ownership and is therefore not consolidated. We do some Export business into the Gulf. I don't expect that to be impacted at all, but we don't actually have a joint venture on the ground or business on the ground in the Gulf. And our business in Israel is doing quite well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Robert Willoughby: Steve, there was a small sale of a noncontrolling interest in the subsidiary in the quarter. What was the income statement of that? And then secondarily, I guess Oak Hill can put their interest to you in Butler Burns this year. Do you expect that? And if so, kind of timing and impact from something like that?
S. Paladino: Okay, on the put rights, yes, Oak Hill has the right to sell their shares or to put their shares to us starting at the beginning of 2011. At this point, they haven't given us any indication that they want to put. I think they still like the business. They like the growth opportunities of the business. But again, it's hard for me to project. But right now, the indications are that they're not interested in putting. And Bob, I didn't catch your first piece of your question. What was the question that you were asking?
Robert Willoughby: It just looks like at the cash flow statement there was a small sales, some proceeds came in from a noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary where, I guess, you reduced an interest or your interest, if I'm reading that correctly. I was wondering, did that generate a small gain or loss for you from an income statement perspective? It was timing, it was like $3 million on the cash flow statement.
S. Paladino: No, there really was no P&L impact on that. It was all cash flow. So no, there was no P&L gain or loss related to that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Rob Difan [ph] in for John today. A question on the vet side, it sounds like you're starting to focus a little bit more on growth after the integration is over. Can you talk about some of the initiatives you're putting in place and what you think the impact of those could be to organic growth in '11?
Stanley Bergman: Are you talking about on the Butler Schein?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, exactly.
S. Paladino: There's a number of things. One, if you just look at the focus of our field sales group, there was a lot of focus in 2010 on changing territories and changing the mix of the customer base or sales people so that we can eliminate sales people calling on the same account. So all of that has gone and now everyone knows who their account is and everyone really is completely focused on their new territory alignments. There is also a lot of cross-selling opportunity. With respect to private label, we have a broader private label offering now with the Henry Schein private label product offering. Certainly, with the acquisitions of the software companies, that should help cross-selling to the companion health market. We also have a number of financial services leasing and other services that will make it hopefully easier to sell certain equipment to the veterinary practice. And then there is, on the flea & tick product categories, we now have access to both lead brands and that allows us to sell the product line to both the original Butler customers, both product lines, as well as to the Schein customers. So it's really in cross-selling and getting deeper penetration with our customer base.
Stanley Bergman: I think just to add a little bit more to what Steven said, and that is we, at this point, feel that the market is probably starting to grow again, and that's good, and we expect to gain market share. So gaining market share in a growing market will add to internal growth.
Unidentified Analyst: And then if we think more globally for vet, I know you guys have talked about using your global breadth to drive better purchases. Where do you stand in that initiative?
Stanley Bergman: I think you have to bifurcate that question into two. There's the branded manufacturers. I don't think we expect to necessarily get better pricing because we are a global player. I think we will help those manufacturers [indiscernible] that work with us closely gain market share. Having said that, I think that supply chain efficiencies will increase, and we will take these businesses and increase the operating margin from the supply chain efficiencies. In addition to that, clearly, as Steven noted, injecting our private brand offering into these markets, the Animal Health markets will of course increase the profitability of those businesses and obviously, the more private brand we sell on an aggregated basis between all our businesses, the better deals we can get with our suppliers. And I think that we will continue to leverage our buying capability in that regard and specifically our Asian office out of Shanghai, which will continue to increase the profitability through reducing of our acquisition costs. And that in itself will provide greater profits.
Operator: And our final question will come from the line of Larry Marsh with Barclays Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Elliot Dunwin [ph] filling in for Larry. Steve, just a follow-up to a previous question when you spoke a little bit about guidance, the guidance range being $0.10 for this year, still very reasonable at this point given it's early in the year. But just wondering what are the key drivers or swing factors, as you see them for '11, that gets you to your upper-end of that range?
S. Paladino: There's a couple of things that hopefully there are opportunity on. One is related to foreign exchange because people know we tend to include in our guidance conservative estimates on how the dollar versus the local currencies impact us, and right now, that is the conservative assumption that we have baked into our guidance. So hopefully, that will continue. I think the big thing really is the market's continuing to modestly improve like we've seen and like we're expecting. So that continuation is important. We're very focused on gaining market share. And if you look at a lot of our businesses, despite the market conditions, we have gained market share, so we want to continue to do that. I think that there is some opportunity on equipment because we're also trying to be conservative on equipment expectations. You heard earlier that x the BIOLASE impact, we're almost 3% growth for the quarter. So hopefully, we'll see some pickup in equipment. But again, on a lot of these things what we tend to do is build in conservative or realistic to conservative expectations. As you said, it's still early in the year, but we feel good about going into 2011 with all of the activities that we've completed, and we feel like there's some positive momentum going into 2011.
Unidentified Analyst: And just really quick, Steve, on taxes for 2011. I may have missed on much if you're giving direction there, but it seems that directionally, should we now assume that you have the ability to drive a more efficient tax rate over the next year or two given the trend that we've seen over the past couple of years?
S. Paladino: Yes, I think that that's correct, that we should not expect to see any significant improvement in tax rate. I think it's going to be relatively consistent, maybe up slightly. It depends on income and which tax jurisdictions. But we don't expect that and we're not expecting that to be an opportunity going into 2011.
Stanley Bergman: So, thank you very much everyone for calling in on today's call. I think you can tell from the prepared remarks and the Q&A dialogue that we believe the business is continuing to grow nicely in terms of market share in every one of our businesses. We are managing our expenses quite well. We continue to integrate acquisitions affectively and have a good pipeline for acquisitions, although there are no commitments obviously to close any acquisitions in any particular time frame. That is always dependent on the effects on the ground at the time. So overall, we're quite happy with the state of the business. We think that the markets are stabilizing to moving into the slightly positive territory, and assuming that the world continues to be relatively stable, we continue to be most encouraged by our markets and look forward to a terrific 2011. So thank you for calling. If you have any questions, you can reach Steven at (631) 843-5915 and Susan at 5562 at Henry Schein. So thank you very much, and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Executive Director Susan Vassallo - Vice President of Corporate Communications Stanley Bergman - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co Robert Jones - UBS Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital Albert Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Glen Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Henry Schein Third Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, Susan.
Susan Vassallo: If you have not received a copy of our earnings news release, you can access it on our website at henryschein.com. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in, or indicated by, such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, today, October 29, 2010. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call you limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one-hour we have allotted for this call.  With that said, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Susan, and good morning, everyone. Again, sorry for the delay, we had a telephone issue. And thank you for calling in. Today we are most pleased to be reporting strong top line growth. In local currencies for the third quarter of 2010, as we continue to see indications of market stability throughout our global business and in fact some of the markets growing. We are pleased to increase the low end of our 2010 financial guidance and also to introduce guidance for 2011. Of course, on a diluted EPS basis. And for 2011, based on the way we expect 2010 to end, we expect the growth to be in the 10% to 13% range compared to the midpoint of our 2010 guidance.  In a moment, I'll provide commentary on each of our five businesses as well as discuss two strategic transactions we recently announced. But before I go into that and give you further flavor, let Steve Paladino, our CFO, provide our shareholders and people calling in today with an overview of our quarterly financial results.
Steven Paladino: Thank you, Stan, and good morning, everyone. I'm also pleased to be reporting strong results for the third quarter of 2010. Before we begin, I'd like to point out that the prior year's third quarter results reflect a net benefit of $21 million, or $0.23 per diluted share that relates to last year's overseas tax restructuring benefit net of associated expenses. Again, this is in the prior year, our current year results do not include any of these items. So I'll be providing growth rates compared to the prior year excluding these unusual items as non-GAAP and exhibit B to our earnings release that was issued this morning reconciles our GAAP to non-GAAP net income and earnings per share from continuing operations. Turning to our financial performance, our net sales for the quarter ended September 25, 2010, were $1.9 billion reflecting a 14.1% increase compared with the third quarter of 2009. This consists of 16.4% growth in local currencies and a 2.3% decrease related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internally generated sales were up 3.7% while acquisition growth was 12.7%. Sales of seasonal influenza vaccine were very strong during the third quarter of 2010 and if you exclude the sales of seasonal influenza vaccine from both periods, our net sales increased by 14.2% in local currencies. Again you can note the details of our sales growth in exhibit A to our earnings release that was issued earlier today. If you look at our selling, general and administrative expenses for the third quarter of 2010 were $400.1 million, representing 21.1% of sales compared to 21.8% in the third quarter of 2009. That's an improvement of 71 basis points. If we're to exclude the influenza vaccine business in both periods, our SG&A expenses also improved and improved by 33 basis points as a percentage of sales.  Our operating margin for the third quarter of 2010 was 7.3% and expanded 39 basis points compared to the third quarter of 2009. Once again if we exclude influenza profits and certain one-time acquisition and integration expenses from both periods, we saw operating margin was essentially unchanged from the prior year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.7% which is in line with our guidance and down slightly from the 32.5% that we have shown in the third quarter of 2009 and both of those numbers are on a non-GAAP basis. We expect our full year 2010 effective tax rate to continue to be in this 31% to 32% range as we continue to see the benefits of certain tax savings initiatives that were put in place. Our income from continuing operations, attributable to Henry Schein, for the third quarter of 2010 was $87.9 million, or $0.94 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, which again excludes certain unusual items, our income from continuing operations and earnings per share increased 20.5% and 17.5%, respectively, compared with last year's third quarter. Details again, are on exhibit B of our earnings release. Now I'd like to provide some detail on our sales results for the quarter. North American dental sales for the third quarter of 2010 increased 7.1% to $665.9 million which consists of 6.5% increase in local currencies and 0.6% increase related to foreign currency exchange. Our consumable merchandise sales increased 8.1% in local currencies including a 1.5% increase in internal sales and 6.6% growth related to acquisitions. This 1.5% local internal growth compares favorably against the 1.3% we reported just last quarter and our internal sales growth in local currencies has increased modestly each of the past four quarters. Our dental equipment sales increased 1.4% compared with the prior year's quarter in local currencies, that's almost all internal sales growth, that's 1.3% internal sales growth and 0.1% related to acquisitions and this is the third consecutive quarter that we have posted positive dental equipment sales growth. We go to our North American medical sales. They were $391.9 million in the third quarter, which is an increase of 12.6%. Internal sales growth was 8.9% and acquisitions contributed 3.7%. Again, sales of our seasonal influenza vaccines were very strong in the third quarter of 2010. Excluding the impact of those sales, our medical sales for the third quarter increased by 0.5%, with internally generated sales declining by 3.7%. The third quarter of 2010 sales growth comparison was negatively impacted again by reduced sales of certain products related to H1N1 virus compared with last year's third quarter. If we were to exclude the impact of the H1N1 related sales from both periods, we estimate that our North American medical internal sales growth declined by only 0.5% and because of that, we believe that we gained market share during the quarter given that overall patient traffic to the office based physician market continued to be down this quarter. Our North American Animal health sales were $225.2 million for the third quarter which is a significant increase of 259% mostly related to the Butler Schein transaction that we completed at the beginning of the year. We estimate that our internally generated sales was essentially flat to slightly up, noting that it's very difficult to precisely calculate this figure since this business has been fully integrated into the Butler Schein Combined Animal Health business. Our international sales for the third quarter of 2010 was $561.4 million, down 3.8% compared to the prior quarter, but that consists of 3.4% increase in local currencies and a 7.2% decrease related to foreign currency exchange. And our internal sales increased 2.9% on that local currency increase with 0.5% coming from acquisition growth. If you look at within international group, our international dental sales which represent approximately 70% of our total international business, they were down 2.4% for the quarter but again, that was driven by negative foreign currency exchange and our local currency growth was 5% for the quarter and we saw a 7.5% decline related to foreign currency exchange. And our internally generated sales growth in local currencies for our international dental business, grew by 4.3% and acquisitions was 7.7%. Within that growth, internally, we saw a dental sales growth in local currencies up 2.2% for dental merchandise in the International business and 9.3% for dental equipment in the International business. We had very strong equipment sales particularly in Spain, Italy, France and Germany. And if we turn to our International Animal Health sales which represents about 28% of our International business, they were down about 4.9% which consisted of 1.7% growth in local currencies, all internally generated, and a 6.6% decline related to foreign currency exchange. Turning to our Technology and Value-Added Services sales for the third quarter of 2010, they were $49.1 million, up 13.7% compared to the prior year's quarter. This consisted of 14.1% increase in local currencies and a 0.4% decrease related to foreign currency exchange. Within that our internally generated sales in local currencies were up 10.7% and acquisition growth was about 3.4%, primarily related to an acquisition of a European veterinary software and practice management business.  During the third quarter we saw very strong growth in our Electronic Services and Software business and again, particular strength in software sales in Australia, New Zealand and Canada. During the third quarter, I think it's important to note that we once again began repurchasing our common stock in the open market. More specifically, we repurchased about 86,000 shares of common stock during the quarter at a price of $55.92 and we expect to continue to purchase shares for the balance of this year and we would expect that we would purchase approximately $50 million of our common stock by the end of the year. For the current quarter, this repurchase was immaterial to our third quarter results, but the goal of our stock repurchase program is to keep the number of shares outstanding for 2011 pretty much flat and in line with the share count for 2010. Maybe we'd even see some opportunity there  If we take a brief look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow, operating cash flow for the quarter was $47.8 million, that compares to $138.8 million in 2009's third quarter. This variance is primarily related to -- in operating cash flow to a significant impact related to seasonal influenza vaccine and that impact on both accounts receivable and accounts payable where most of our flu vaccine sales occurred late in the third quarter and therefore increased our accounts receivable. We continue to expect our operating cash flow for the full year to exceed our net income. Further on some of our balance sheet activities in August we called our $240 million convertible contingent notes. We paid $240 million in cash and issued approximately 780,000 shares of common stock in connection with that redemption. And here we elected to call these notes as they represent our most expensive source of capital and that calling these sales will also avoid future dilution as the price of Henry Schein's common stock increases. During the quarter we also increased our majority ownership position in CAMLOG International. There we had a 65% ownership interest and during the quarter we increased it to 90%, and we expect that additional purchase of shares to be accretive to our 2011 earnings. We look at accounts receivable day sales outstanding from continuing operations. They were 42.2 days this quarter versus 41 days for the third quarter. Again, here the influenza vaccine sales which occurred late in the third quarter was the primary driver on this small increase in average day sales outstanding. Our inventory turns from continuing operations for the quarter was up slightly from 6.3 turns in last year's third quarter to 6.6 turns this quarter. Finally, turning to our financial guidance. We are increasing the low end of our 2010 financial guidance. We expect 2010 full year diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein to be in the range of $3.50 to $3.56 and that compares with our previous guidance of $3.46 to $3.56. The 2010 guidance is for current continuing operations as well as any completed or previously announced acquisitions but as normal, does not include the impact of potential future acquisitions. And also our 2010 guidance excludes the impact of restructuring costs which were about $12.3 million pretax, or $0.09 per diluted share. We also introduced 2011 financial guidance. We expect 2011 diluted EPS to be in the range of $3.88 to $3.98 and that represents a growth of between 10% and 13% compared to the midpoint of our 2010 guidance. The 2011 guidance is also from continuing operations and also as normal includes only completed or previously announced acquisitions.  With that, I'm going to turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much, Steven. Let me begin with a review of our North American dental business. Internal dental consumable merchandise sales growth in local currencies has increased modestly for each of the past four quarters. So we've seen consistent moderate sales growth in our consumable merchandise sales. Most specifically, growth in the last year's fourth quarter was 0.04% and that growth rate increased to 1.2% in this year's first quarter to 1.3% in this year's second quarter to 1.5% growth that we're reporting for the third quarter in 2010. Although a modest increase, the trend I think, still confirms that there is continued growth in this sector and more importantly that there seems to be a stable number of visits to dental offices, albeit down. If you take a look at the Equipment business, this confirms our confidence that the market will continue to show gradual improvement. And longer-term as we've noted, we expect the domestic dental market gradually to return to it's historic growth rates, which several years ago, was in the 4% to 5% growth rate annually. We're not there yet but certainly the sales are not eroding. And although visits to dentists are down, we think we've reached a plateau and on the consumable sales side, can see gradual growth. You look at the Equipment business a little bit further, we see continued strong demand for high-tech equipment, we believe that the pent-up demand for dental equipment will have a positive impact in the quarters going forward and our order book continues to be solid. In addition, we look for strength during the current quarter and into next year as dentists take advantage of certain new tax incentives. There are three particular aspects of the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 as signed by President Obama in late September, that will in fact, favorably impact our customers. First, the allowable deduction for capital equipment purchase doubled to $500,000 for 2010 and again for next year 2011. Second, for the first time, dentists can take a reduction for qualified real property improvements which for 2010 and 2011 is set at $250,000. And third, the 50% additional first year bonus depreciation was extended for 2010. These are all favorable developments for our dental customers and especially those in the larger practice arena. So let's take a look at the North American Medical business. We sold more than 11 million doses of seasonal flu vaccine and expect to sell approximately 13 million doses for the year. This is in line with the guidance of 12 million to 14 million doses we provided a year ago. For comparison last year we sold approximately 9 million doses of seasonal flu vaccine and that was primarily in the fourth quarter. We believe that we continue to gain market share during the quarter and by the way, it's not only on the medical side but on the dental side too. And that the office-based physician market continues to experience a decline in patient visits. Additionally, our sales comparison for the quarter was, of course, adversely impacted as we have reported in the past by reduced sales of products related to the H1N1 virus. That is direct comparison between the third quarter of 2010 and the third quarter of 2009. So if you now take a look at our North American Animal Health business, our integration work at the Butler Schein Animal Health business is complete. I'm referring to the integration of software, all businesses on one platform, warehouses that had to be integrated and merged, that happened, and those exercises are complete. We are a single brand, a single sales force being compensated on the same basis, quite remarkable that this was all accomplished in nine months. I am pleased to report that all material aspects were completed on schedule. Activities which began January this year include the accomplishments that were noted, namely a single brand including a new private label brand that was offered in the Schein brand. We've realigned territories in addition to the sales force compensation plan, one call-center system, shipments, as I noted, out of one warehouse. To do this we had to close seven distribution centers and the sales force now are using upgraded sales force technology and we consolidated all websites, a huge undertaking requiring us to be inwardly focused in this part of our business for nine months. With the integration behind us, we are now turning our focus to various initiatives to drive sales by expanding the breadth and depth of our product offering and having our sales force focus on continuing to gain market share.  As I've described during the last conference call last quarter, we're bringing Butler customers the Henry Schein Financial Services offering and that is particularly helpful for the veterinary equipment side. They have access to the Henry Schein -- veterinary customers of Butler Schein have access to the Henry Schein credit card which features a 2% cash back benefit on all purchases that are completely funded by the credit card. Also, Butler customers are now able to purchase the private label products as I've noted that have been available to Henry Schein Veterinary customers for many years. So now let's take a take a look at our international operations. Results for the third quarter of 2010 reflect continued healthy growth in the Dental business, with notable gains on the dental equipment sales front. Particularly, as Steven noted in Spain, Italy, France, Germany and the U.K.  Earlier this month, we announced an agreement to acquire Provet Holdings Limited, the largest distributor of animal health products in Australasia, with annual sales of approximately AUD $280 million. Provet Holdings represent an excellent strategic as well as a culture fit for Henry Schein, with a shared commitment to customer service, advanced technology and industry leadership, a really very, very nice business down in Australia, of course, the largest in the animal health arena in Australia and New Zealand. And while Henry Schein has served the dental customers in Australia and New Zealand since 1998, doing very, very well, it's a good business for us now, went through several iterations of integration, well-run today, all aspects on the dental side. While that has taken place, the acquisition of Provet Holdings, we'll expand our presence in Australasia as we enter into the veterinary market. We will enter in a very strong position, the Provet management team is outstanding and complements the Henry Schein dental outstanding management team. With this planned acquisition, we're further strengthening our position as the global leader in the distribution of veterinary products. Including revenue from Provet, Henry Schein's Global Veterinary business will have annual revenues of about $2 billion. The rapid growth of Henry Schein Animal Health presence reflects our long-term commitment to our veterinary customers and manufacturers and a firm belief in the significant potential of the global animal health vehicle as we have created on the dental side. With the addition of Provet Holdings, we are servicing approximately 47,000 veterinary practices worldwide and animal health sales will represent approximately 15% of our worldwide sales on a go-forward basis. The transaction is the latest in a series of international veterinary acquisitions we have successfully completed over the past few years and we have assembled a terrific global animal health team on the distribution side. No one else has the kind of experience on the animal health distribution side than Henry Schein now has and it’s a global footprint. Through the comprehensive array of products and services, we do offer now our animal health practitioners an outstanding way to operate more efficient and successful practices, small hospitals, by using the Henry Schein offering, and they could focus now on the quality of care with us giving good advice on practice management. The scale of our Veterinary business provides unrivaled value in market intelligence to the companies whose products and services we represent. And this is being confirm to us on virtually a daily basis from our major suppliers in the animal health arena. To continue with the review of our international operations, earlier this month we announced that we have entered into the dental market in Turkey by taking a 50% non-consolidated interest in Guney. Guney is a full-service dental distribution business headquartered in Istanbul and is the leading distributor in Turkey with annual revenue of approximately EUR 17 million. We have been working hard on entering this market now for several years and have been very, very careful to understand the dynamics which is required to succeed in this market. The Turkish dental market is growing rapidly, somewhere around 10% to 12% a year, and our investment in Guney brings Henry Schein a market-leading position company that has a 60-year operating history. Guney, the name is well-respected and the family that has run the company will continue with us, very excited to work with us, the business has exclusive distribution rights for many manufacturers for the Turkish market, and we see very nice growth opportunity in expanding our global dental footprint, and are operational on 24 countries on the ground and of course shipping to many, many more than that. And with the addition of our new brand, we hope to bring to Guney, and of course, the Henry Schein private label brand, we are quite optimistic in this regard. The fifth group is our Technology and Value-Added Services book of business. We continue to enjoy a healthy growth in electronics services globally and our software businesses are particularly strong in Australia, New Zealand and Canada. The technology and value-added products offering continues to provide what we believe to be the most comprehensive offering of it's kind. So there's a lot of things happening at Henry Schein. Overall we believe, generally, the markets have stabilized. And we are gaining market share, we believe, in aggregate both in the dental arena, the animal health arena as well as the office space practitioner marketplace.  So with that, again, we apologize for starting the call late. And we are pleased to take your calls at this time. Let's start the questions.
Susan Vassallo: Operator, we're ready for some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Glenn Santangelo with Crédit Suisse.
Glen Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG: Just two quick questions. First, can you elaborate a little bit more on the comments you're making on the Equipment business, Stan? And maybe give us a sense for maybe how fast the high-tech equipment is growing versus all the other equipment and then maybe the impact you think the Jobs Act could ultimately have on your equipment growth in the fourth quarter?
Stanley Bergman: First of all, the traditional business have stabilized. I think, it is still somewhat viewed by the dentist that, if they need to buy a chair, they may want to buy a chair that's a little less expensive. But the number of units of chairs and traditional products have stabilized quite nicely. Digital x-ray is of course an important growth area. I think the laser side, of course, we know we've spoken about that before, has gone down. We think that we will see good sales in quarters to come on the CAT/CAD side and we talked about their actually new units. We don't really have any upgrades to compare our sales with others selling new units. The 3D and the 2D systems, we expect to continue to grow. Financing is available as rapid approval as perhaps, two years ago. I think 90% of applicants are getting approved pretty quickly to go out and get some financing on more expensive and more complicated terms for a few more percent. But overall, those dentists that want to by product can essentially buy it. And we're not at late 2007, first three quarters of 2008 levels, I think it's important to realize that we had a big drop in the second quarter of 2009 and that drop was less in the third quarter of 2009 so I think you could take that into account. Our growth is reflective of a stable market where, perhaps, practitioners are looking for a little less expensive units with the chairs, x-ray units, 3D. But overall, we took quite a few orders at the ADA meeting, shows have been good, and we are expecting to have a good Greater New York meeting as far as the acceleration and depreciation for an average practice that could practically write off everything they need to buy and I think that's going to create some demand this year and of course into next year.
Glen Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG: If I could just ask one follow-up for you, Steve, if you could give us a sense, you've laid out your initial 2011 guidance and obviously the consumables has been pretty consistent, the equipment has been a little bit more volatile, could you give us a sense for what type of organic growth rate you're kind of implying within that 10% to 13% EPS guidance?
Steven Paladino: And you're specifically thinking U.S. dental at the moment, Glen?
Glen Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG: Yes.
Steven Paladino: I think that we'll see a similar to slightly up growth rates in the dental business, both in consumables and maybe a little bit better in equipment. So we're not really expecting a significant improvement in market conditions in 2011. I think we have said a couple of times, we expect it to be a gradual improvement. So similar to slightly up growth rates, I would say, for our dental business and that probably is true for all of our businesses. We're trying to take a conservative or cautious view on the outlook. We’re hoping that our outlook is conservative and that the markets will be a little bit more favorable than we're projecting but for now, that's what's baked into our 2011 guidance.
Glen Santangelo - Crédit Suisse AG: So it's fair to say you're not forecasting anything close to mid-single-digit consumables and more like double-digit equipment?
Steven Paladino: No, not at all. That is not in our 2011 guidance. Should the markets rebound, which we think at this point, it's unlikely it will be that robust but should they be, that's not in our guidance for 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Jones - UBS: Just wanted to move over to the medical segment, same line of questions around guidance. I was hoping maybe ex flu from this quarter, you could talk about what you're hearing and seeing out there in this segment and then how you're thinking about utilization in the context of the 2011 guidance?
Stanley Bergman: I think what we're hearing is that visits overall to physicians are down. I think cosmetic and elective type activities down a bit further. Preventative, down a bit but more on the stable side, indication of the number of flu vaccine shots that we sold. I think it's an indication that preventative activity is happening. Our Equipment business is up, it's not hugely up but it's up, obviously the H1N1 dive of last year over-- this year versus last year has been taken into account. And overall we do continue to see a movement on the medical side, not from the dental side but on the medical side towards generics, whether it's in pharmaceuticals or for med-surgery, that will depress sales. So we're not expecting much more than a little bit of market growth going forward, at least that’s the way we're thinking today. And we do contemplate -- continue to pickup market share in the United States Medical business. So I think that's an indication. Maybe Steven can give some more color.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Just because there's a lot of moving parts on the Medical business, so it's a good opportunity to go through those. First as we said on influenza vaccine, influenza vaccine sales were approximately $86 million for the quarter. We had strong sales of flu vaccine as we had said. We're substantially done selling flu vaccine sales. We probably have another 400,000 to 500,000 doses to sell at this point and we will at that point be at about 13 million doses for the year. So a very good flu season for us. But when you look at a couple of other points, when you look at backing out the one-time benefit last year of H1N1, our medical business was somewhere between minus 0.5 point to plus 0.5 point. Again, that's excluding H1N1 and excluding traditional seasonal flu. And if you consider that, we are relatively flat in a market that's probably down mid-single digits. I think we did good from a market share perspective. Again, built into our guidance, we're assuming slight market improvements in all of our businesses but we're not assuming that the medical market is going to significantly improve in 2011 and again the hope is that that's a conservative statement, but that's not baked into our guidance.
Robert Jones - UBS: Steve, just housekeeping, can you remind us how many selling days are baked into the 2011 guidance and how that compared to 2010?
Steven Paladino: 2011, we’re on this 52, 53 week year end, as most people probably know. And in 2011 is our 53rd week but we have to be very cautious because it really doesn't give us a full extra week of sales activity because it's the holiday week. We estimate that it's maybe three, 3.5 days of the week that contributing sales. Because of the holiday weekend, it's hard to precisely estimate. It's one of the slowest weeks of the year because it's the last week of the year between Christmas and New Year's and other holidays but it is our 53rd week in 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JP Morgan.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Steve, your DSOs have been trending up and I know that you made the comment around flu, so the jump from 40 days to 43 days, sequentially, is that mostly flu or is there any other activity that's going on?
Steven Paladino: It's almost substantially all flu. There's some other minor variances plus or minus. But again, if you look at that $86 million of sales of flu vaccine, virtually all of it was sitting in our trade receivables at the end of Q3 because our sales were very weighted towards end of Q3 of flu vaccine. So there is, with some of the acquisition activity, for example, on Butler Schein, the Butler business has a little bit slower receivable collection, than for example, our dental business but that's just normal for that industry. But really the big driver is flu vaccine sales, Lisa.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Going back to your comment around the extra selling week only being three to 3.5 days. Is there a way of quantifying that from an earnings perspective? If we look at our normal week, it may be worth roughly $0.07, so would you say that three to 3.5 days might be worth $0.03 to $0.05 or $0.02 to $0.05?
Steven Paladino: It gets a little complicated so let me go through it. It's worth less proportionately and the main reason is that if you look at payroll expenses, for example, which is our largest overall expense as a company. Payroll and payroll related probably represents somewhere between 60% and 70% of our SG&A line. And payroll, you don't pay people for three days for the week. They get paid for the full week so you have a full burden of expense for the week and you only have the benefit of a slow week of sales so you get -- while it's still a profitable week, it's a lower profitable week primarily for that reason.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co: When talked about your pent up demand, how do you measure on the equipment side, that the pent-up demand and can you talk specifically about digital x-ray? Where do you think penetration rates are? Is there still opportunity around digital X-ray in the marketplace?
Steven Paladino: On the first part of your question, we have an order book for equipments where it represents customers who have committed orders and for schedule of delivery of large equipment sometime in the future. Typically, it's around a time that's convenient for the dentist's office to do the installation, so maybe three to six weeks out from the order date typically. So we track that order book. That order book, as we said, in our prepared comments, has been healthy and growing, and that's one indicator. The second thing is when we look at 2009 and we look at equipment down for the year, probably low double digits, we think that the biggest impact there was lack of confidence in people making commitments to buy equipment and that we will see some of the people who have delayed buying, ultimately have to buy equipment for replacement or new technologies. Last part of your question, Lisa, on the digital radiography?
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I was just wondering what the penetration rates are and if there's still opportunity in that area of the market.
Steven Paladino: It still happens to be one of the largest opportunities in dental equipment, the penetration rate is something just below 40% in the U.S. market. It is probably our fastest growing equipment category or sub-equipment category that we've seen for the last few quarters. So that will be a big driver together with CAD/CAM on equipment sales, we believe, for the next few quarters, or longer even actually.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Stan, question, could you just contrast for us what you're seeing in North America versus Europe across you Dental business? It's interesting to see Europe doing so much better. Why do you think it's outperforming the U.S.?
Stanley Bergman: I think the growth rates in Europe are quite a bit more than the U.S. The largest market in Europe of course is Germany, where we have an important position on the equipment side. By far, we're the largest distributor of dental equipment in Germany. And that market is largely, at least from a dentist point of view, funded through government reimbursement. There is elective, out-of-pocket reimbursement for procedures like implants, orthodontic, but a big part of dental care is funded by the government and that reimbursement has been quite stable. The French market is also quite stable, we're a little bit nervous because of the strike. But we think the strike will not impact the big selling show in November and around our Thanksgiving weekend, and it's quite stable. Italy has rebounded and rebounded a little bit better for us because we went through the integration for about 18 months. Very similar actually to what we're going through with Butler Schein today. Merging warehouses, closing warehouses and the like and moving things onto one system. And that's now annualized-out for about a year of stability. The merger was completed about a year ago and I think we've seen good growth because we're well-positioned and the market is stable and we are in a good position to grow our share. The U.K, where the economy is challenged, I think we're in a good position, we're doing well overall. I think the economy is a bit challenged, the market is growing but it's okay. Spain, the market really dived two years ago, and I think it stabilized and is showing some positive growth and the Benelux markets are okay. And then of course Australia, New Zealand, where the economy is doing okay, dentistry is doing okay. So I think those are the major markets that we're in and so they are undoubtedly doing better than U.S. with Canada also being quite strong.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: If we think about your international strategy over the next couple of years, are you thinking more about just expanding penetration in the countries where you already have a presence or should we be looking for more aggressive expansion into new regions?
Steven Paladino: I think there are several opportunities but first is to, of course, expand our presence on the dental side. There are markets that we haven't got our footprint complete, we can add equipment and the like. And there are markets where we're underpenetrated on the dental side. So I think you’re going to see us on the dental side expanding into new markets as well as focusing on adding penetration in markets we're in, with an eye towards areas where we're particularly underpenetrated in one market maybe, consumables, another market maybe equipment.  On the animal health side, I think there's opportunity to continue to expand the footprint as we just announced with respect -- was indicative of the acquisition in Australia and New Zealand. At this point, we don't see major expansion on the medical side beyond the markets we're in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice with Susquehanna Capital.
Albert Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Two questions. First of all, on the Butler Schein, you're down sequentially almost $9.7 million, it sounds like from the prepared comments that you would attribute that sequential dip mainly through the restructuring that you're doing, of the business behind the scenes operationally, is that true or is there a seasonal pattern there or is there any other dynamic going on?
Stanley Bergman: No, it's not related to the integration. There is a seasonal pattern with the veterinary business, typically Q2 is stronger as people begin to purchase significant quantities of flea, tick and heartworm products getting ready for the summer months. So it's really a seasonal nature of the U.S. veterinary market. We actually believe that in Q3, our sales performance did improve slightly from Q2 so it really has nothing to do with the integration. The integration was very successful, and as Stanley said, we're looking forward to now driving additional sales growth opportunities now with the integration fully behind us.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: In the core dental market, both consumables and equipment, clearly, in the summer there was all this rhetoric about a double-dip recession, you had some surveys like the ADA survey come out point to some concerns on the part of the dentists and so forth. If you look into our quarter, was there any volatility, unusual volatility in the performance of either side of the business? Because of all of that, it seems like now while it's not robust economic backdrop, it seems like we don't have a least as much headline rhetoric as we did maybe in the summer?
Stanley Bergman: You know, the market, as we said, you'd used the word I think maybe a dozen times in this call, is stable. Unemployment of 10% of course, must impact the dentist in one way or another. I think it's regional. I think in Texas practices are doing well and Detroit, they're not. California is mixed. So I think it's clear that parts of the dental market are doing well, parts are not. 2008, practically, every dentist in this country was doing well. So when asked to look at things very carefully and the surveys that come out, I am not sure how accurate they are from a regional point of view, it's hard to gauge whether the market is growing in basis points or not. But clearly, 10% unemployment has an impact. At the same time, dentists are investing in their practice, they are making decisions to buy and replace equipment, old equipment and they are investing in equipment that can improve efficiency and reduce cost in the practice. And we've seen those categories grow. So I think more than to say, the market is stable, slightly down in visits and that in terms of consumables the market is flat to slightly positive and that we're getting market share, it's hard to go more precise than with the data that’s available.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Just maybe on the small business tax incentives to end up, what's the lead time on -- how soon would you see it if you're going to see that pickup or kind of come right up to last minute, would you typically start to see some activity pickup here in the next few weeks?
Stanley Bergman: I think we've indicated that we have a pretty solid backlog. And we also do know that the ADA meeting, at least from a show point -- from an order point of view was okay, and we expect to get some decent business at the Greater New York meeting. During the Greater New York meeting, it is not whole offices, where you need a lot of planning because we may get those orders, but we don't book them, because we need to have the product installed before the year end. But we do expect a decent amount of business from the plug-and-play area like digital and even some CAD/CAM type products, and early shipments of ISI products right after the Greater New York meeting.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Marsh with Barclays Capital.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: A couple of quick things. Acquisitions, Steve, looks like you spent about $100 million in acquisitions in the third quarter, can you remind us what that encompasses? Assume it doesn't include Provet and Guney, and then have you disclosed what you're paying for them?
Steven Paladino: The acquisition activity is really related. We did talk about the CAMLOG International, where we increased our ownership interest in CAMLOG International, so that occurred in the third quarter. You're correct, Larry, that the Guney and the Australian, the Provet transaction, haven't -- closed subsequent to Q3. Guney closed just when we put out the press release, a couple days ago. Provet is expected to close by late December, maybe early January, sometime in that timeframe. That will be somewhere between $90 million plus or minus, depending on exchange rate for the Australian dollar, so that's the primary acquisition activity. There's always some smaller items that we do a few other smaller items that sometimes add up to a more meaningful number but we typically, unless it's a large enough acquisition, we typically don't press release the smaller acquisitions although we'll obviously include that growth as acquisition growth on a go-forward basis.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: On the flu, it looks like your price per dose is up 10%, 15% from last year, do we assume that it's more profitable for you this year than in the past? I'm assuming it was a $0.05, or $0.06 contributor in the quarter, is that right? And what's your initial view of flu for next year?
Steven Paladino: Yes, you're right that our average sale price rose up probably in that 10% to 15% range this year versus last. Plus we sold more flu vaccine. We sold a little over 11 million doses in this year's Q3 and a little over 6 million doses in last year's Q3, so not only it is more profitable, but it was more weighted toward Q3. As far as next year, Larry, we probably would assume very similar contribution in both number of doses and profitability going forward. The reasons for that is if you look at the flu vaccine market this year, we estimate that it was probably the largest supply of flu vaccine produced by manufacturers maybe full-stop in history. We estimate that may be 170 million doses plus or minus will produce this year. And while that's a great thing from the American public perspective, there really needs to be use of that flu vaccine. And we're happy that again we’re substantially done at this time of the season. And I'm sure everyone recognizes and sees when they pass the local retail drugstore, almost everyone that I passed seems to have a flu sign on the window. But I think that really doesn't impact us because our customers are not retail pharmacies, as you know, and we haven't seen our customers' purchasing patterns change this year. I think that there's a different population of people that will go through their healthcare provider, their physician versus the retail drugstore. And hopefully the retail drugstore will increase overall market demand and awareness. But again, compared to our expectations, next year will probably bring similar number of doses and similar profitability.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: You're seeing 10% to 13% which sounds like a little bit better this time of the year versus last year when you gave guidance and you had to sort of think about you adjust for the extra week. The way I'm look at CAMLOG, it looks like that's going to be accretive by a couple of cents, and maybe currency's not at tail or head winds. So if you adjust that, is it right to think then on adjusted basis it’s really more like 7% to 9% or is the real message, say, I'm feeling a little bit better about next year overall than I did coming into 2010?
Steven Paladino: I think you're a little high on the accretion for CAMLOG. We do think that virtually all the growth is internal. Yes, there's a little hit of CAMLOG benefit there. We're not really assuming much headwind on foreign exchange, so I think the message really is that we're feeling like things will be a bit better in 2011 and 2010. We think that we'll be able to capitalize on that and that's why our growth goal was a little bit higher than what we were expecting to achieve for this current year.  Let me just also point out that as always, we would expect in our guidance, there's always a certain amount of acquisition activity at Henry Schein, as you know, so that would include normal acquisition type activity. Obviously if there's a big thing like a Butler, we would call it out, but that assumes a certain normal level of expense that's in our numbers. And even this quarter, we saw this quarter foreign exchange probably contributed a negative penny to the quarter for our earnings. And we saw acquisition and integration expenses, the incubation on the Butler side, the acquisition on the -- just doing the other deals that were announced, probably contributing another $0.02 worth of dilutions. So we have probably $0.03 worth of one-time negative impact in the current quarter.
Operator: We have time for one final question and that will come from the line of Steven Valiquette with UBS.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank: Shifting to Animal Health for a minute. Just trying to get a sense on whether or not you think that your Animal Health sales in the U.S. may have benefited from the PVP bankruptcy over the past quarter or two, and also to the extent that you are seeing the opportunity to bid on this asset out of bankruptcy. Is that something that you would maybe logically be looking at or does it not make sense for some reason?
Stanley Bergman: We don't think that that business impacted us materially or practically at all. The business heavily was a business heavily focused on the large animal, the agricultural side, and that's not an area we participate in. And we don't really disclose what businesses we bid for and accounted [ph] for, obviously for competitive reasons, but that's not an area that is of focus to Henry Schein, at least in the U.S. or abroad on the Animal Health side.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank: As far as Butler accretion for 2011, I forgot if you gave us an update on that, but where does that stand as far as your view for that right now?
Steven Paladino: Our original guidance contemplated to be the $0.05 of accretion, and I would say that given that the integration has gone well, there's probably not any major update on that at this time for any variances. I think we're still looking at something in that range. Also as Steve talked about, I'd just comment on your last question. We track out production of large animals sales at Butler Schein and they are so inconsequential that I would say that any sales from PVP probably didn't come to us, it probably went to the other players out there that focus on that segment. So I don't think we had any benefit from that, where other people probably got significant benefits.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you everyone for calling in. I'm sorry again we started late. I'm sorry we are running over. There's just a lot going in into the quarter and a lot of activity going on in the company in general. As noted, Steven and I are comfortable with solid direction of the company, we're executing on our strategies. We believe we're going and getting market share globally on the dental side and on the companion animal side on a global basis and within the U.S. medical marketplace. So quite optimistic going forward at this time. I think the markets have stabilized and assuming no major changes in the economy, we remain quite comfortable and accordingly have issued guidance for increasing the bottom part of the guidance for the fourth quarter and of course for the full year 2011. So please feel free to give Steven a call if you have any question 631-843-5915, and Susan Vassallo, the same number at 5562. And that's it for the quarter. We look forward to speaking with you. I think it would be four months, because the fourth quarter numbers are reported, an extra 30 days later. So thank you very much and thanks for your interest.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Executive Director Susan Vassallo - Vice President of Corporate Communications Stanley Bergman - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Robert Jones - UBS Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital Robert Willoughby Albert Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Derek Leckow - Barrington Research Associates, Inc. John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Richard Close - Jefferies & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Second Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, Susan.
Susan Vassallo: Thank you, operator and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's second quarter results. If you have not received a copy of our earnings news release, you can access it on our website at www.henryschein.com. With us this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call include information that is forward looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in, or indicated by, such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, today, August 2, 2010. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call you limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one-hour we have allotted for this call. With that said, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Susan, and good morning, and thank you, everyone, for calling in to the Henry Schein Second Quarter Conference Call.  We are very pleased to report strong top line growth for the quarter and we continue to see indications of positive market trends throughout our global business. We're also very pleased to support that diluted earnings per share for the second half of 2010 is up 13.8%, compared with the first half of 2009, excluding restructuring costs in both periods. And we have increased the low end of our annual 2010 earnings per share guidance as Steven will discuss later in the call. Of course, further details on the second quarter will be provided as well.  In a moment, I'll provide commentary on each of our five businesses, but first let me ask Steve Paladino, our Chief Financial Officer, to provide an overview of our core belief financial results. Steven?
Steven Paladino: Okay, thank you, Stan, and good morning, everyone. I, too, am pleased to be reporting strong results for the second quarter of 2010. Our net sales for the quarter ended June 26, 2010, were $1.8 billion, reflecting a 15.1% increase, compared with the second quarter of 2009. This consists of 15.6% growth in local currencies and 0.5% decrease related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internally generated sales were up 2.1% and acquisition growth contributed 13.5% to our sales. You can note the details of our sales growth as it's contained in exhibit A of our earnings news release that was issued earlier this morning. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the second quarter of 2010 were $407.6 million, representing 22% of sales and that's unchanged as a percentage of sales from the second quarter of 2009. Let me point out that the second quarter SG&A expenses included integration expenses related to the Butler Schein integration, as well as acquisition-related cost. Excluding those expenses, our SG&A as a percentage of sales improved by 17 basis points compared with the prior-year second quarter. Our operating margin for the second quarter of 2010 was 7.5% and declined 13 basis points compared with the second quarter of 2009. Again excluding the impact of integration and acquisition-related costs, as I just described, our operating margin increased six basis points compared with the prior year's quarter.  Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.2% and that's down from 32.9% in the prior year's second quarter. And that reflects certain domestic tax planning strategies that we discussed on our last quarter's conference call that we have implemented. And because of those tax strategies, we expect our full year 2010 effective tax rate to continue to be in the 31% to 32% range as we continue to implement and get benefits of those tax savings initiatives. Our income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein Inc. for the second quarter of 2010 was $84 million or $0.90 per diluted share, up 14.6% and 11.1%,respectively compared with the second quarter of 2009.  Now I'd like to provide some detail on our sales results for the quarter. Starting with our North American Dental sales for the second quarter of 2009, increased 8.9% to $677.6 million and that consists of 7.5% increase in local currencies and a 1.4% increase related to foreign currency exchange. Our Consumable Merchandise sales increased 7.1% in local currencies, including a 1.3% increase in internal sales and approximately 5.8% growth related to acquisitions. This 1.3% internal growth is in line with the 1.2% we reported for the first quarter of this year. Our Dental Equipment sales and service revenues increased 8.6% compared with the prior year's quarter in local currencies, including an 8% increase in internal sales and 0.6% growth due to acquisitions. This is the second consecutive quarter we have posted positive Dental Equipment sales growth and this quarter's 8% internal growth in local currencies compares very favorably with the 0.5% growth we reported in the first quarter of this year. Our North American medical sales were $286.3 million in the second quarter. That's a decrease of about 0.4%. Internally-generated sales decreased 4.2% and acquisition growth was 3.8%. Results of the second quarter of 2010 were negatively impacted by reduced sales of products related to the H1N1 virus compared to the second quarter of 2009. Excluding the impact of those sales from the prior year, we estimate that our North American medical internal sales declined by 1.7%. We also believe that overall patient traffic in physician offices were down in Q2 and that we performed better than the overall market. North American Animal Health sales were $234.7 million for the second quarter. That's a significant increase of 269.7% primarily related to the Butler Schein transaction. Our internally-generated sales were essentially flat. And you should note that it's very difficult at this time to precisely calculate the internal sales growth for the North American Animal Health business since that business has been fully integrated as part of Butler Schein. But our best estimates are that the internal growth was essentially flat. Looking to our International sales for the second quarter of 2010. They were $602.4 million, up 1.8% compared with the prior year's quarter. This consists of a 4.7% increase in local currencies and a 2.9% decrease related to foreign currency exchange. Internal sales increased 4.1%, while acquisition growth contributed 0.6%, both of those numbers are in local currencies.  I'd like to point out that the International comparisons for the second quarter of 2010, and particularly in Germany, were negatively impacted by the timing of the biennial IDS [International Dental Show] Trade Show in Europe, which occurred last year. The IDS show contributed to a difficult comparable in Q2 '09 when we posted sales growth of 13.4% in local currencies for the second quarter of last year. Our International Dental sales, which represent approximately 70% of our International business, grew 2.6% during the quarter. This consisted of 5.4% growth in local currencies and 2.8% decrease related to foreign currency exchange. Internally-generated sales in local currencies increased 4.4% and acquisitions accounted for an additional 1% growth. If we look at the breakout between Merchandise, Consumable Merchandise and Equipment, our internal growth in local currencies for Dental Consumable Merchandise was 4.7% and 3.8% for Dental Equipment. We saw Dental Equipment sales particularly strong in the Czech Republic, New Zealand, Spain, France and The Netherlands. Again, Germany was negatively impacted by at last year's IDS show. But despite the difficult comparable for Dental sales, we still achieved very strong local currency internal sales growth for International business during the quarter. Our International Animal Health sales, which represents 27% of our International business were 1.2%. This consisted of 4.2% growth in local currencies, all of that internal, and a 3% decrease related to foreign currency exchange. Last, our Technology and Value-Added services sales for the second quarter of 2010 were $48.4 million, up 13.7% compared with the prior year's quarter. This consisted of 13.2% increase in local currencies and a 0.5% increase related to foreign currency exchange. Our internally-generated sales in local currencies increased 8% and acquisition growth was 5.2%, and that acquisition growth was primarily due to the acquisition of the European Veterinary Software and Practice Management business. And during the quarter, our overall business, we saw continued strong growth in our Electronic services and Software businesses.  If we take a brief look at the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow for the quarter, our operating cash flow for the quarter was $107.3 million, that compares to last year, which were -- it was $106.7 million. We continue to expect operating cash flow for the year to exceed net income. Let me also point out at this time that we currently have a $240 million convertible debt on our balance sheet. We expect to call that convertible debt in Q3 and that's really to eliminate one of the more expensive sources of capital that we have.  Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding from continuing operations increased slightly to 40.3 days, compared to 39.8 days for the second quarter of 2009. Our inventory turns from continuing operations for the second quarter improved to 6.5 turns and that compares to 6.2 turns for the second quarter of 2009. I'd like to conclude my remarks by discussing our 2010 financial guidance. We are increasing the low end of our range for 2010 diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. and we are increasing that to $3.46 per diluted share. The new range of 2010 diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is $3.46 to $3.56. And that compares to the previously issued guidance of $3.44 to $3.56. We're particularly pleased to be increasing our 2010 EPS guidance range despite a strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the euro and the pound sterling. Our currency exchange is expected to adversely impact, assuming rates stay where they are, our 2010 diluted EPS by $0.05 to $0.06 for the year and that's included in our new EPS guidance that we just issued. Our 2010 guidance is for current continuing operations, as well as completed or previously announced acquisitions and does not include, as always, the impact of any potential future acquisitions if any. Also, the 2010 guidance excludes the impact of restructuring costs, which were in Q1 and they were $12.3 million pretax or approximately $0.09 per diluted share.  Let me now turn the call back to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Steven. I'd like to begin my review of our business with the North American Dental business. Continued internal Consumable Merchandise sales growth in local currencies during the second quarter affirms our confidence as we discussed in the last conference call that the market will show a gradual improvement for the rest of the year. In time, we do expect this market to return to more normalized growth rate that's somewhere around 4% to 5% annually. Also, our strong internal growth in Dental Equipment sales during the quarter is another positive market indicator. Equipment growth reflects higher demand for basic, as well as for high-tech equipment. So we've seen good sales on the traditional equipment, as well as the newer products that have been introduced into the dental market in recent times. We believe that the pent-up demand for Dental Equipment will have a positive impact during the second half of the year and our order book continues to grow. This, of course, we are very pleased with. We look for particular strength during the fourth quarter as dentists take advantage of certain tax incentives.  Overall, for the year, we expect the U.S. dental market to be flat to up by single digit percentages compared with the year 2009. We are pleased that Domestic Dental procedure volumes seems to have stabilized, and are quite confident that we have and will continue to gain market share in the very important North American dental market. Now turning to the North American Medical business. It's important to bear in mind that when looking at our estimated internal sales decline of 1.7%, excluding H1N1 products for the year, we believe that the market for patient visits to physician offices has declined by even higher percentage. We believe a lot of the decline, by the way, is a result of H1N1 difference in the environment between 2010 and 2009. However, there is a slight decrease in the number of patient visits across the board.  Last quarter I discussed Henry Schein's ConnectHealth, a major initiative we have launched in the physician arena. ConnectHealth is a collaboration of major healthcare companies delivering coordinated digital solutions to physician offices. Led by Henry Schein Medical, the participants include a world-class leader in electronic health records, namely Allscripts, digital equipment leaders and a computer hardware supplier, namely Dell. Of course, the digital equipment leaders are amongst the most prestigious medical equipment manufacturers. The goal of ConnectHealth is to help physicians deliver better patient care and improved efficiency through the use of connected technology. We are very excited about this comprehensive approach to responding to our customers' needs for digital solutions. As the definition of meaningful use becomes clearer to the medical practitioner and as the medical practitioners seize the increase in flow into the office with the healthcare reform legislation, albeit being reimbursed at a lower amount per procedure, we think and believe that the use of Electronic Medical Record [Electronic Medical Records] will gain further acceptance and we believe that together with our partner, Allscripts, we are well, well positioned to advance our sales of electronic medical records software, digitalized medical equipment and our position in the medical marketplace in general.  As we approach the influenza vaccine season, we look forward to solid sales of seasonal vaccines. Although it's early in the process, we, at this stage, anticipate abundant supply from our manufacturers with more doses than we received last year. Most specifically, we expect to sell somewhere between 12 million, and even as high 14 million doses of flu vaccine this year, which compares with about 9 million doses last year. At this stage, we have been assured by the manufacturers of early availability of flu vaccine. North American Animal Health. Let's take a look and give you an update on our integration work with respect to our joint venture, Butler Schein Animal Health. We are very, very pleased to report that pricing is uniform across the combined customer base. Sales terms have been harmonized. Sales territories have been realigned and assigned and all the branding marketing and billing is now under the Butler Schein Animal Health brand. This is a remarkable achievement; all of this done, completed, within a very short period of time.  I mentioned during our last conference call that we had lost only three of 300 sales representatives since the formation of Butler Schein Animal Health joint venture was announced. And I'm pleased to report today, that the number still holds at three. By any stretch of imagination and with 30 years of experience in this field, I can conclusively provide our investors with confidence that this is an extraordinary achievement. From an operations perspective, we have consolidated two telecenters previously operated by Henry Schein into the Butler network. As of today, we have closed six distribution centers and the final one slated for closure was shut down during the current, that's this third quarter. Indeed we expect the integration process will be done in its entirety during the third quarter. So overall, we are pleased that integration initiatives continue to advance very well. But beyond efficiencies and savings to be gained from the integration, we also have several exciting opportunities to grow our Animal Health business in the United States. I mentioned last quarter that we are delighted with our success in retaining manufacturers relationship with both the Butler, former Butler and the former Henry Schein portions of the business.  As such, we are able to offer a more complete line of products to our Veterinary customers and enhance our ability to deepen customer relations. We are able to bring Butler customers the Henry Schein Financial Services offering for Veterinary Equipment, as well as the Henry Schein Credit Card, which features a 2% cash back benefit on all purchases, which is completely funded by the credit card company.  Also Butler customers are now able to purchase the private label products that previously been available from Henry Schein Veterinary. And in fact, all of the Butler Schein Animal Health customers have access to the complete array of Henry Schein world-renowned private brand product offering, which complements the most comprehensive, branded offering in the industry.  With the expansion of our Animal Health presence, our scale and global reach, will provide numerous benefits for manufacturers, as well as customers, in the years to come. Of course, these synergies on the sales side are yet to be reaped as we are, at this point in time, primarily internally focused as we should be on the integration side, and by the fourth quarter, we expect to be back again focused on sales and marketing. And at the same time, providing a review of the global opportunities that may come from a synergistic cooperation between Butler Schein Animal Health in the United States and Henry Schein's global Animal Health business. Let me now for a moment review our International operations. We are very pleased to be reporting continued sales momentum overseas. Our International results reflect growth in the Dental and Animal Health businesses with particular strength in Spain, France, Holland and the U.K. The German Consumable business also continues to show strength. Of course, the German Equipment business had challenging comparables because of the second quarter 2009 IDS sales. We expect to see a similar pattern again next year when the IDS has its convention in 2010. In Europe, we are growing at a rate of about double our estimates of the market growth. And in general, our customers have not seen a slowdown in patient traffic. But Europe has been in the news a great deal lately as various countries are facing issues with sovereign debt, and are discussing potentially dramatic austerity measures. We are not seeing an impact from those challenges on our businesses in Europe for several reasons. First, our growth in Europe is driven more by market share gains than by market growth. Second, the majority of our European Dental sales are in Germany, France and the United Kingdom. And those countries are not facing the challenges than some other countries are, at least not from healthcare point of view. In fact, we continue to grow nicely and gain market share in each of these three geographies plus, of course, the important market of Italy. We recently introduced financial services into Germany, France and the U.K. and that is a good example of what's driving our growth. While we continue to add new customers, our growth is largely increasing penetration into existing accounts. And third, as practitioners have become more and more efficient, we believe we can be an important part of the solution. There is a need for practitioners to operate a more efficient practice in Europe, as of course here in the States, and we have the tools as is the case here in the U.S. Globally, we will help, we will continue to help dental and medical offices run more efficiently, of course, as well as Animal Health, while delivering the highest level of care to their patients. Whether through advanced technology, practice management software or competitively priced products that are used everyday, we are determined, we are most determined to help customer practices to run smoothly, while providing value for unrivaled offering of products and services. Henry Schein, to remind our investors, is the only company serving dental, medical and veterinary offices on a Pan-European basis. Because those markets remain highly fragmented, we have considerable opportunity to take market share gains and consolidate. Of course, this is not limited to only the United States, Canada and Europe, but also to Australia, and New Zealand where we are doing very, very well, as well as an opportunity for us to enter, continue to enter, other markets that presents global reach from a Henry Schein point of view.  Let me conclude my review of our businesses with a discussion of the Technology and Value-Added services part of Henry Schein, where once again we have posted positive growth in local currencies, as well as, of course, sales including acquisitions. We're always looking to bring our customers leading edge technology solutions, and now we've made extra single solutions even easier. At the CDA [California Dental Association] Spring conference this past May, out in California, we launched Dentrix Mobile. This is a remote access tool that allows dentists to view their appointment schedules and patient information from their smartphones and mobile devices. Dentrix Mobile is a new feature of the DENTRIX G4 Practice Management System that provides dentist who are away from their practices and secure access to schedules of all their practice provides and patients.  The system provides access to appointment by provider. They also can access important patient details such as prescriptions and medical alerts. Also a few weeks ago, we are pleased to announce that our DENTRIX Enterprise Practice Management Software received national certification from the U.S. Indian Health Service Office of Information Technology under the Division of Oral Health. DENTRIX Enterprise, which is a solid and well-performing and well-received system has been in use by individual IHS sites for two years and has been well, well received and can now be deployed as the Electronic Dental Records solution for all federal and tribal sites in the United States. We are extremely pleased with the terrific job that our development people out of DENTRIX in Utah have accomplished. It is gratifying that DENTRIX Enterprises has received the prestigious national certification of design and has been selected by IHS for this important project. Of course, receiving this certification leads other potential Enterprise customers to appreciate the functionality and quality of the DENTRIX system. So there's a lot going on in Henry Schein. Steve, and I will be very, very pleased to take further questions or to take questions actually, and expand on the performance of the business and expectations for the future. So thank you for your attention.  And now operator, we are ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Jones - UBS: Steve, you mentioned calling back the convertible debt next quarter. Can you just maybe give us a little more insight on the impact that will have around interest expense? And then maybe if that actually has any impact on share count?
Steven Paladino: Sure. Right now, today's price when we call it, it will probably have very little impact on our share count. But obviously, if the stock price continues to increase, it'll have a future benefit to stock share count going forward. With respect to the direct P&L costs, we would expect to finance that and have really a slight benefit to our interest expense going forward from the time that we call it. We are eligible to call the convertible some time after August 20, on or after August 20. So we are today putting in place some long term financing in order to accomplish that, but we feel comfortable that we'll get that done during Q3.
Robert Jones - UBS: So not a major impact then?
Steven Paladino: No, not major impact today. But again, the future impact, as the stock price increases, might be a nice impact that were looking to avoid.
Robert Jones - UBS: And then just one follow-up, it seems that sales in the quarter were helped from acquisitions, particularly in the North American Dental segment. Can you just maybe give us a little bit more detail on what exactly those acquisitions were, and then how much did that contribute? If you think about the backup of the year and the updated guidance, how much does that contribute to guidance?
Steven Paladino: Okay, we did see some smaller acquisitions both in Q1 where we're not seeing the full quarter impact in Q2, as well as some additional smaller acquisitions in the North American Dental market in Q2. We didn't do any press releases on those acquisitions since they really weren't significant. Most of those acquisitions are in our dental specialties area, and we would expect that this current quarter's impact on sales will continue to have a similar impact going forward. On the bottom line basis, it really had very little, maybe slightly negative impact this quarter, those acquisitions, because of one-time costs. But we would expect the sales to continue in Q3 and Q4 at the current rates that we saw in Q2.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with UBS.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank: First, on the North American Medical business, I just want to get your thoughts on the back half of the year as far as the soft physician office visits. Should we assume that's just going to continue and, obviously, I realize you don't have a crystal bowl on that, but I just want to get, at least, your initial view on whether that's going to be more short lived in your point of view or whether that might drag on for a while.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, Steve, of course I just said no one has a crystal ball. There are lower number of visits to the physician offices at this point. Quite a bit of that, of course, is driven by the H1N1 change. There was more concern last year versus the concern this year. It is very hard to determine how much exactly of the traffic is related to H1N1. There will be lots of articles written in that area and there's a lot of debate. It's quite clear what our sales, additional sales were of the products related to H1N1, which we've given our estimates in the call. We're not down on the medical market. There is that sentiment out there that we think that there could be few ups and downs. Longer term, medium term shall we say, healthcare reform will drive further visits into the office particularly at the primary care level. Although it is expected that reimbursement per procedure is likely to go down. So the use of products is likely to remain stable, taking out H1N1, more or less stable and go up a little bit. Having said that, there will be no doubt lower reimbursement per procedure. Lower reimbursement per procedure will mean that the practitioners will be seeking more value for the dollars they spend on products, and that's our job to make sure that we provide the best value in products to our customers. This could, in fact, dampen internal growth, but it's highly unlikely that it will dampen profits. In fact, we think the opposite. This, together with the increase in demand for electronic medical records, which will also be driven by the need to make the practice more efficient, but at the same time, it will be driven by the government subsidies. All of this should help our business in the long run. So we will be called upon to help practitioners operate a better business, more efficient business so that they can provide more quality care to more patients, higher quality care to more patients. All of this, we think, will present good opportunity for our Medical business. And I think one has to be very cautious when one reads all the articles about traffic, as there are many dimensions to the medical practice, and certainly, the impact of any change in patterns on our business needs to be very carefully thought through. In fact, we're quite optimistic about our Medical business.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank: One other quick one as far as the plus 8% growth in North American Dental Equipment. That was obviously pretty strong. Any further color on that besides just breaking it down into old and new equipment as you mentioned as far as other product categories you serve? Any ones that drove that in particular, do you want to shed any light on?
Stanley Bergman: Yes, I think Steven might have mentioned. I don't remember I mentioned it, but there certainly is some pent-up demand, replacement of traditional equipment. Not sure how much is pent-up demand and how much is the desire to just have a better office, more efficient office, a better appearing office. So we continue to remain quite optimistic. Our backlog, which is what we monitor carefully, is consistent with prior years in terms of the pattern as to when backlog is created during the cycle of the year. Of course, we continue to be optimistic on some of the new technology products, whether it's the 3D x-ray system, certainly digital, there's still many, many practices well over half. Some would argue well over 60% of practices still don't have a digital x-ray. Of course, CAD/CAM is a very exciting area. Only a very small percentage of dentists have CAD/CAM. We expect that to do well. And so overall, at this stage, as we're sitting here today, we remain quite optimistic about our Dental Equipment business for the remainder of the year. Of course, also you're aware of the tax incentives that will be surely viewed by practitioners at the year end as an important part of their practice planning, cash flow planning. The market is a little bit challenged on securing financing. It was much easier to secure financing two years ago, but still Henry Schein Financial Services, in one way or another, is able to secure financing for 90% or so of applications. And of course, that's down from the 98% or 97% of two years ago, but also we think that we're getting more applications for financing directed to us versus going elsewhere. That's credit to our Financial Services people. And overall, we remain quite optimistic about our Dental Equipment business, and we see a consistent yet slow increase in the internal growth rate on the Consumables side.
Steven Paladino: Let me just add, I'll add also just financially on Equipment, a little bit of color. The good news is that we saw good growth both in traditional as well as high-tech categories. We continue to see high-tech growing at a faster pace, but traditional also grew nicely. And within high-tech, I would say that the fastest-growing category is in the digital radiography area. And that's probably those trends we would expect to continue going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of a A.J. Rice with Susquehanna Financial
Albert Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Couple of questions if I might, obviously, part of the story the potential for improvement in the European or the International business margin. Can you give us some flavor for how you did this quarter and where we're at in terms of realized events margins, gains that you're targeting long term?
Stanley Bergman: Sure. We saw another good increase in International operating margins. I don't have the exact number, but it was similar to Q1 operating margin expansion. That's moving, continuing to move in the right direction for us. We believe that we'll achieve, well actually, exceed our operating margin expansion goals for the current year internationally. Some of that now, obviously, because of foreign exchange. It all translate in to bottom-line earnings. We did see foreign exchange have about a $0.01 of negative impact for us in Q2. But overall, we feel like International operating margins are continuing to go in the right direction.
Albert Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: And I know on the Butler acquisition, the original guidance was that slightly dilutive this year, accretive next year. And I think the maximum issue [ph] was in this quarter or next quarter as you integrated the business. It sounds like integration is going well, and overall, the scintillation has probably exceeded expectations. Is there any update, you think it will be additive more quickly, maybe, than you thought? Or have we passed the worst dilutive impact in this quarter since most of the integration sounds like it's done?
Steven Paladino: Yes, we still have little bit more integration, obviously, in Q3 as Stanley talked about. But certainly, we're expecting to be ahead of schedule and completing the physical integration, and therefore, we think that there is benefit going forward. Right now, we're not changing our overall guidance on that acquisition, the impact of it. But we certainly believe that there's good opportunity now to start focusing on revenue growth and we think that the combined company is obviously the leader in the market and should be able to drive strong revenue growth. And we're going to start really focusing on that starting right after the integration is complete. So there's potentially upside there, but right now, I think the good news is that the heavy lifting, so to speak, on the integration was completed extraordinarily well. And we retained all but three of the sales people, the field sales people. So overall, I think we're in good position going to late this year and next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: As you look across your key businesses, could you just talk a bit about which businesses you're seeing underlying demand in volume improvements versus maybe slowing? And the context of the question is a lot of these other healthcare companies have talked about some slowing, underlying demand trends in the second quarter. It doesn't sound like you're really seeing that, but if you could just, perhaps, clarify where you had positive or negative surprises as the years gone on, that would be helpful.
Stanley Bergman: John, overall, our sentiment is consistent with our message delivered during our first quarter call. And that is we believe we sort of reached the bottom of the overall markets, and that we're seeing a slow increase in demand for our products. Any movement either way is in terms or should be viewed in terms of basis points rather than major percentage changes. There is very little data out there, solid data that we can rely on. Having said that, I feel for the North American Dental market, is that the market is probably flat to going slightly. A little stronger in Canada, a little stronger with large practices. And the consumables are in the positive territory, not much, but we're gaining market share from an internal point of view for sure and internal local currency point of view. The equipment side is stronger than last year, although not quite back to where it was before the third quarter of 2008. The trend that we saw in the second quarter is a trend that more or less we'd expect to see played out during the third and fourth quarter. On the medical side, I already gave some thoughts. You have to x out the H1N1 for sure. How stable the market is once you've x that out is hard to tell because really hard to gauge exactly how much the impact of H1N1 was. It definitely have an impact, but not a huge impact. Definitely an impact. The traffic is down. How much of the traffic is down related to non-H1N1 items, hard to tell. Probably a little bit, but not huge. Definitely see over the next quarters ahead, definitely over the next year, more visits driven by healthcare reform on the primary care side, probably less visits on the specialty side. All in all, more visits but lower reimbursement per procedure means the practitioner are going to be shopping for better value. It means we need to be there to help a better value and help put electronic medical record that is going to be in demand and the related integration to digitalize equipment. On the Vet side, very hard to tell. We believe the market maybe flat to slightly down, one has to be very careful when looking at statistics. First of all, there are two markets, agriculture, large animal and the companion animal. We are primarily in the companion animal virtually, totally. Then one has to look at the swing between Agency business and business where the full sale is booked. This can be very confusing when looking at numbers in this area. We spent a lot of time on this, and we conclude that it's just not easy to figure this all out. Then third there is the trend between large practices and small practices. It's our view that the larger practices are suffering to a greater extent than the smaller practices. In fact, Steve and I were just talking about that this morning. It's hard to know the exact reason, but it's a fact. It seems like traffic in the large practice is down a little bit, in the large practices it seems like it's up a little bit. All in all, we now view, remains a very good market. Europe, well, it's hard to give you a feel for the entire of Europe. But our view is that on balance, the market is probably flat but more likely to be growing in low-single digits. Not to take out the ideas impacting the second quarter for equipment. Taking that out, we believe we're in positive low-single-digit growth areas. Consumable, more stable. Equipment in parts could be a little bit on the upswing. Discounting for the IDS. So on balance, we remain quite optimistic that our markets are more or less flattish to slightly up, but definitely bullish on our ability to gain market share, in prac [practically] in every market. I have to be careful to use the word every, but practically every market we're in.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Steve, one quick question, if you think about what's in your guidance for the second half of the year versus the first half, do you expect the driver to shifted all between sort of margin and revenue compared to what you got in the first half of the year?
Steven Paladino: Well, we still expect to see overall operating margin expansion for the full year. And as I said in the prepared remarks, we saw some operating margin expansion for the first six months. It was negatively impacted by the integration expenses and the acquisition costs. By the way, those two expenses in total probably contributed to somewhere around $0.03 negative impact on our current Q2 quarter. So we look through that because those are more one-time items. But overall, we still think that we'll see operating margin expansion going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Robert Willoughby: Steve or Stanley, has the deal-related activity in the Dental sector added any self-manufactured capabilities at all? And then just quickly, what have you assumed for the convert refinancing in this year's number? Is there any contribution there?
Stanley Bergman: Bob, on the manufacturing side, I think we've been quite clear in our intentions there, where we cannot access the product and you know it goes back for those that are following us -- that followed us for years. It goes back to the days when we manufactured Dental chairs, once we were able to access a good line of Dental chairs, we then got out of the Manufacturing business. Likewise with digital X-ray. In the early days, no one will give us a good digital X-ray. We brought to market our own. Once we were able to secure a good line of Dental digital X-rays, we got out of that business. We experienced a similar situation on the specialty side. And on the specialty side, we entered the Implant business about five years ago as a manufacturer with CAMLOG. We could not access any of the major Implant lines that time. We still own a significant interest in the CAMLOG International business. Likewise, we have undertaken a similar initiative on the orthodontic side where to Ortho Organizers, we do have some, not a lot, but some manufacturing capability. A lot of the products that Ortho Organizers sells, including product that's sold to the Schein private-brand line and the Maisel [ph] line are actually acquired from third party. So that's our general philosophy. And in general, where we can access -- where we have a problem accessing a line, we will manufacture. It all here and there opportunities that we take advantage of during the global crises several years ago. We've made an investment in our glove machine system, and those kinds of opportunities present themselves. With one point, had a problem in accessing Dental anesthetic. We invested in a plant. We subsequently sold the interest in their plant and no longer own an interest, by the way, in the glove machinery. So those kinds of opportunities appear from time to time and where it makes sense, we will invest accordingly.
Steven Paladino: Let me, Bob, on your second question, the convert. So we think it will be very slightly accretive as we refinanced the convert for the balance of the year. But it really is because of the timing and the year being substantially completed by the time we call it, we have the financing in place. It really will have very small impact for the balance of the year. Of course, we do believe that as the stock price increases since the strike price on the convert was $46 and change that obviously had stock price increases. It has a further benefit to us and we're hoping that, not hoping, but obviously by eliminating the convert we'll eliminate any further dilution from the convert as the stock price increases.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derek Leckow with Barrington Research.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Just a question on your Dental equipment backlog. One of the big differentiators between the pattern we saw building last year versus this year is in the basic category. And Stanley, do you believe we're seeing the beginning of practices investing in additional square footage or new office locations or are we merely seeing a replacement of aging chairs, and just sort of basic upgrades that they might have to do?
Stanley Bergman: Very good question there, and we internally discuss this on a regular basis. We do think there are a couple of clear points and there are a couple of items that are a bit more hazy. One thing that is clear is our corporate accounts footprint, larger practices, equipment is growing. The consumable side is a little bit more challenging but we are growing, our consumable market share in that area as well, although we have a very large market share already, and think that the related Equipment business is doing well. The number of new designs request is no where near the level it was two years ago. It bounces around, one month it's up, one month it's down. So it's clear that its not as robust. It is also clear that people that we're going to replace equipment two years ago, and they didn't do it two years ago are coming back to do that. There are new practices opening, no question about it. Not again as robust as a couple of years ago. There is some private equity money coming in to the corporate side. So overall, we remain optimistic that we're moving towards the numbers on the equipment side that we experienced two years ago, but don't believe we're going to be at that number in the next several quarters.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: And would this lead you to then, I mean, at this point in time, sort of maintaining you're current level of sales force representation and also your service capabilities? Or do you think it's time to start to see some investment in those two groups? And finally, just another question, the human resources, wondering about the mix between the sales reps who won the Veterinary side, are you adding any reps to the group and is that a net number that you provided that three loss of sales reps, what's the net number?
Stanley Bergman: Right, on the numbers, I don't have those in my head, but Steven usually knows those numbers and he'll think about it while I'm talking, we'll look it up. On the Dental North American side, we continue to be aggressively recruiting experience equipment and consumable representatives. I don't think our overall number has increased, but the quality of our sales force has increased. We have been able to attract experienced representatives, and I would say particularly in the last year on the Dental side. Many of those representatives are not yet fully productive as they have non-compete and sit on the sideline, but have had no problem in attracting good representatives. We slow down on our rookie classes during the recessionary period, but I believe we just add one and we're going to put and we're going to have another one soon. So we continue to invest in our field sales representatives on the Dental side in the United States and in Canada. And we'd expect that number to grow slightly over time but definitely, the quality of its sales force to increase with the addition of competitive representatives. On the Technology side, on the tech service people, I don't know the exact answer but my guess is we continue to add slightly but also to rebalance, and we are shifting towards those parts of the country that are more economically robust and filling out in other parts of the country. But overall, my suspicion or my thoughts are that we are increasing slightly the number of representatives, technical representatives and shifting around. By the way, you don't need a lot of technical representation for digital X-ray and for D4D, the technical service and for i-CAT. You need more technical representatives for the installation of the traditional equipment. And your last question is on the Butler Schein side, the sales force, as Steven indicated, is stable. Clearly, after the integration is complete, and we start focusing on the selling side versus the inwardly focused and I think it's very important for us to remain inwardly focused through the third quarter plus the beginning of the fourth. We cannot take our hands off the wheel in terms of making sure that the systems are working well, that all the challenges that go with an integration are dealt with. There's no point to advancing sales on the marketing side or additional sales people or adding additional telesales people, field of telesales, until such time as the integration is complete. It's going as well, perhaps even slightly better as we discussed it at our board meeting last week with our venture partner, everyone's happy. But we cannot take our hands off the wheel and throw on the integration side. And so the last distribution center is integrated and all the software changes will be made. Once that's done, it will be full ball in terms of sales and marketing and also adding additional field and telesales representation in areas where we feel we could take advantage. In addition to that, by the way, there will be further cooperation as noted early on between our U.S. and our global Animal Health business who create the synergies as we have on the Dental side.
Steven Paladino: Just to give you the second part of your question, on the Butler Schein side, those three salespeople, that is not a net number. That's an absolute number. We only lost three people in total since the integration has started. And overall, our field sales consultants were up modestly. We added about seven people on a worldwide basis this quarter versus the end of Q1 with four of those people in the North American Dental market and the balance in International.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lawrence Marsh with Barclays.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: Stanley and Steve, just want to make sure I'm hearing you correctly, the FX and the tax rate seemed to be offsetting each other still as you go forward. It sounds like your both a little bit bigger impact than last quarter. I want to make sure I heard that right. And then Steve, will you talk about the convert redemption being slightly beneficial. I mean is that a $0.01, as much as a $0.01 benefit in 2010 or no?
Steven Paladino: On your second question, no, it will be less than a $0.01. It won't even be round to a $0.01 because we'll only have four months of benefit, so it will be less than a $0.01. And I think you're right, I haven't looked that at exactly the way you're seeing. I think the effective tax rate being lower is offsetting some of the foreign exchange negative impact. Right now, the dollar to the euro is like 1.31 to almost 1.32. So the euro strengthened a little bit from where it's been, but still compared to our initial expectations, we'll probably $0.05 to $0.06 negative since the beginning of the year, again, assuming exchange rates stay where they are.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: And on taxes, I know it's way to early to talk about '11, but it seems like directionally, should we not assume that you have the ability to drive a more efficient tax rate over a period of time or do we really think of 2010 as just an anomaly?
Steven Paladino: 2010 is not an anomaly. We think we can keep the effective tax rate in a similar range going forward. I'm hesitant to say that we can bring it down further next year, but I think we can keep it in a similar range as of the 2010 effective tax rate.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: And just on the Section 168, I'm assuming you guys continue to feel pretty comfortable that, that would be extended into 2011 or is it too early to say?
Steven Paladino: It's kind of early to say that. I still think that we believe that, that will be extended, but it's really all I can say. I think next quarter's conference call, we can give a better update.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: And then finally, on the acquisitions in Dental, Steve, it sounds like a lot, mostly specialty, do we assume that's mostly orthodontic dealers? And am I wrong to think that sort of an annualized benefit of $70 million, $80 million? Am I right in size and am I right in sort of where you are?
Steven Paladino: Yes, But size is right on. Actually it's probably a little bit north of that. On a full year basis, obviously, we'll have less this year because the $70 million or $80 million for 2010 is a good number. But on an annualized basis, it will be higher because obviously, the acquisitions in total did not have at all at the beginning of the year. And I'm not sure if I have a lot more information on, it is within our Dental specialty area, I don't have a lot more specific granular on product categories than that.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: I mean, but you call it orthodontic, I know you've been an implant. So you're saying you don't want to be too much more specific than that at this point?
Steven Paladino: That's right, but it's in that specialty group.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Close with Jefferies & Company.
Richard Close - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Try this another way with respect to the Dental trends to get comfort, with respect to the remaining second half, if you look back at the second quarter and look at the individual months April, May, June. Can you go over what kind of progression you saw or trends that you saw as the months progressed throughout the quarter?
Stanley Bergman: Where we look at that in the past, it's not always a good indicator because sometimes we see a strong month and then the next month is not as strong and because of purchasing patterns of the end user. So overall, I can tell you we think the better way of looking at it from a -- and I'm really referring to on equipment is the fact that our order book is growing, has been growing for the full year. It really means that, overall, equipment is showing some positive signs. But to look at equipment on one month versus another because of the timing of the installation, really, we don't think is a good indicator. As far as the consumables, consumables have been pretty consistent. Last quarter, we were 1.2% local internal consumable growth this quarter, a little bit ahead of that, 1.3% and we're kind of feeling like directionally, it's continuing to go in that positive direction. But again, booking at specific months probably it could give you a false positive or a false negative.
Richard Close - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And just, I guess, a follow-up on the $0.05 to $0.06 on the foreign exchange, just to be clear, previously I think in the last quarter, did you not say $0.04 to $0.05? Just wanted to see what the change was there.
Steven Paladino: It's really at the same range, so it's not that this is a change, it's just, when we look at the detailed calculation rather than $0.04 to $0.05, it was actually $0.05 to $0.06. So it's really not anything different, just a refinement of the calculation.
Richard Close - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: With respect to the North American Medical market, obviously, a lot of talk about trends in terms of the physicians moving towards the hospitals, becoming employed by the hospitals. Can you talk a little bit about how you're dealing with that or how you're addressing that? I believe you started like Consulting or Health Services business to maybe build business or build communication with the hospitals and keep those physicians? Maybe go into your strategy on that on a go-forward basis.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, we're well over the limit right now, it's probably best for you to give Steven a call. But in summary, because I think this is probably been of interest to you on tied investors and group. We conducted a strategic review two and a half years ago. The result of that strategic review was amongst other things, the establishment of two major areas of focus. One was on the large practices and the emerging relationships between physicians and hospital networks, and that connection established the healthcare services group moving resources from the small practice part of the business into that and that has been quite effective and certainly timely. Our relationship with Medline also helps in that with regards as well as the Allscripts relationship, and two other strategic partners that we put in place. To a large extent to address this issue and the other area of major trend was the growing drive towards specialty and a particularly large specialty groups, and we have in that area also put some focus into play. I think we should probably conclude at this time, and maybe a one more short question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Steve, if I could just ask a couple of clarifying questions on modeling and that will be it. You said there was a $0.01 impact this quarter from FX and everybody seems to be trying to get down very detailed on guidance here. So that implies that there's a $0.05 drag we're selling in the second half of the year from FX? And then, I think, last quarter, you're guiding to below 32% tax rates, so really only an incremental $0.01 or two pickup here from the new tax rate guidance, is that a fair assessment?
Steven Paladino: Yes, the only thing is that on the taxes that's corrected on the foreign exchange, it's probably a $0.01 or a little bit over a $0.01 per quarter, not $0.05 for the balance of the year. It's $0.05 to $0.06 for the full year.
Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And the minority interest line, a little above what I was looking for this quarter, obviously, Butler had a good quarter. But the restructuring charges or the Butler charges from the restructuring kind of reduce the minority interest expense this quarter. Is that correct? Or should that be ticking up on a go-forward basis?
Steven Paladino: Yes, that's correct but also the other big contributor was on our CAMLOG business where we also own a majority interest that had a good quarter.
Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And that going forward though you think that line begins to tick up starting the next couple of quarters?
Steven Paladino: Yes. I think more so in Q4 because there still some integration expenses in Butler in Q3.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much everyone. Thank you for calling in. I'm sorry we went over, but it was quite a complex quarter, and there's a lot going on in the business. The numbers are actually quite clean but there's a lot going on, a lot of noise going on in the marketplace. And as I think you can tell from the prepared remarks, the answers to questions, Steve and I remained at this point in time, quite bullish on the future of the business. We think there is a complexity in the marketplace that needs to be understood from a nuance point of view, and we think we will continue to gain market share, manage our expenses and grow the business, and therefore, increase shareholder value. Thank you for calling. Steven can be reached directly at (631)843-5915 and Susan Vassallo at (631)843-5562 if you have any questions. Thank you very much and look forward to speaking in about 90 days. Goodbye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Executive Director Susan Vassallo - Vice President of Corporate Communications Stanley Bergman - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Robert Willoughby Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital Robert Jones - UBS Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Richard Close - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Albert Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Derek Leckow - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein First Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, Susan.
Susan Vassallo: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's first quarter results. If you have not received a copy of our earnings news release, you can access it on our website at henryschein.com. With us this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of this live broadcast, May 4, 2010. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call you limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will help provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one-hour time we have allotted for this call.  With that said, I'd like to turn the call over now to Mr. Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Susan, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I am taking this call this morning from London, where I'm presently at the International or the European headquarters of our Animal Health business. It was actually 20 years ago this week that Henry Schein started out business in Europe for the first time. And today, that business is well over 1/3 of Henry Schein's sales. So I think we've done quite well on the International side.  We are also pleased to report our internal growth in local currencies with each of our five business units for the quarter. And we're positive, and we continue to see indications of positive market trends throughout our businesses. So we're very happy with our growth rates on the top line both, of course, in total, but local currency internal growth rates as well. This quarter performance, combined with the continuing commitment to control expenses, resulted in diluted earnings per share growth of more than 17%, if one excludes the one-time restructuring costs. In addition, because of the strong results, we are increasing the low end of our 2010 guidance range. In a moment, I'll provide commentary of each of our five business units.  And before I do that though, let me just ask Steve Paladino, our CFO, to provide an overview of our quarterly financial results. Steven?
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stanley, and good morning to everyone. As I begin, I'd like to point out that our 2010 first quarter results include restructuring costs of $12.3 million pretax or $0.09 per diluted share. This is the restructuring that we mentioned on our last quarterly conference call for Q4. Also, for Q1 2009, our results included a $4 million pretax restructuring charge or $0.03 per diluted share.  Our net sales for the quarter ended March 27, 2010, were $1.8 billion, reflecting an 18.5% increase compared with the first quarter of 2009. This consists of 14.6% growth in local currencies and a 3.9% increase related to foreign currency exchange. In local currencies, our internally-generated sales were up 3.2%, while our acquisition growth was 11.4%. You can note the details of our sales growth that's contained in Exhibit A of our earnings news release that was issued earlier this morning.  Our selling, general and administrative expenses, which do not include restructuring cost for the first quarter of 2010, were $397.0 million, representing 22.6% of sales, and that compares favorably to 23.1% of sales in the first quarter of 2009.  Our operating margin for the first quarter of 2010 was 5.9% and that declined 20 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2009, but that was due exclusively to the restructuring costs. Excluding our restructuring costs in both periods, our operating margin improved 22 basis points to 6.6%.  Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.9%, and that's down slightly from 33.3% in the prior year's first quarter. We are implementing certain tax-saving initiatives, and because of those initiatives, we expect our full year 2010 effective tax rate to be in the 32% or below 32% range for the full year 2010. Our income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein for the first quarter of 2010 was $60.9 million or $0.66 per diluted share, which is up 11.2% and 8.2%, respectively, compared with the first quarter of 2009. Excluding the restructuring costs in both periods, income from continuing operations was $69.2 million or $0.75 per diluted share, and that represents an increase of 20.2% and 17.2%, respectively, compared with the first quarter of 2009. Let me now provide you some detail on our sales results for the quarter. Our North American Dental sales for the first quarter of 2010 increased 3.5% to $614.6 million, and that consists of 1.8% increase in local currencies and 1.7% increase related to foreign currency exchange. Our consumable merchandise sales increased 2% in local currencies, including 1.2% in internally-generated sales and 0.8% growth due to acquisitions. This 1.2% internally-generated growth compares favorably with the 0.4% growth we reported last quarter and the fourth quarter of 2009. Our Dental equipment sales increased 0.8%, compared with the prior-year quarter in local currencies, including 0.5% increase internally generated and 0.3% growth due to acquisitions. This is the first time in five quarters we have posted positive Dental equipment sales growth, and this quarter's 0.5% internal growth compares very favorably with the decline of 8.2% that we saw in the fourth quarter of 2009. Our North American Medical sales were $284.6 million in the first quarter, which was an increase of 4.7%. Internal sales growth increased 2.4%, and acquisition growth contributed an additional 2.3% growth. Let me note that we believe our Medical customers experienced less seasonal H1N1 patient traffic in Q1 compared to the prior quarter, and obviously, that impacted our sales accordingly. As I mentioned during last quarter's conference call, we are now reporting our Veterinary sales for North America separately, given the size of our business and the creation of the Butler Schein Animal Health business. So our North American Veterinary sales were $206.6 million for the first quarter. That's sizable increase of 271.5%, obviously because of the Butler transaction. However, we also saw good internal sales growth of approximately 2.5%. Our International sales for the first quarter of 2010 was $609.5 million, up 16.4% compared with the prior year's quarter. This consists of a 7.5% increase in local currencies and an 8.9% increase related to foreign currency exchange. Our internal sales increase 6.2%, and acquisition growth contributed an additional 1.3% in local currencies. If we look at some of the details of our International sales starting with International Dental sales, which represent approximately 70% of our International business, they grew at 18.1%. And that consisted of 8.8% growth in local currencies and 9.3% related to foreign currency exchange. We saw good growth. Our internally-generated sales in local currencies were up 7%, and acquisitions contributed 1.8%. Looking at merchandise and equipment separately, our internal growth in local currencies was 5.7% for Dental consumable merchandise for International business and was 10.4% for our International Dental equipment. And we saw a very strong Dental equipment sales, particularly in Germany, France and Australia.  If you look to our International Veterinary sales, which represent about 25% of our overall International business, they grew at 14.4%, and that consisted of 5.9% growth in local currencies, all internally-generated and 8.5% growth related to foreign currency exchange. If we look at our Technology and Value-Added Services sales for the first quarter of 2010, they were $45.0 million, up 11.5%, compared with the prior quarter. This consisted of 9.4% increase in local currencies and a 2.1% increase related to foreign currency exchange. Our internally-generated sales in local currencies were 4.6%, and acquisition growth contributed the balance of 4.8%. During the quarter, we saw strong growth continuing in our Electronic Services and Software businesses for our Technology group.  Let's take a brief look at the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow for the quarter. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $21.7 million, and that compares very favorably to a negative $27.1 million in the first quarter of 2009. We continue to expect strong operating cash flow for the year and for that cash flow to exceed our net income. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding from continuing operations improved to 39.6 days for the first quarter of 2010 compared with 43.2 days for the first quarter of 2009. Likewise, our inventory turns from continuing operations also improved in the first quarter to 6.3 turns, and that compares to 5.8 turns in the first quarter of 2009.  Let me now conclude my remarks with the discussion of our 2010 financial guidance. We are pleased to be increasing the low end of our 2010 guidance range. For 2010, diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is now expected to be $3.44 to $3.56, and this compares with the previous guidance of $3.40 to $3.56. Growth in diluted EPS for the second quarter of 2010, the upcoming quarter, is expected to be in the mid-single digits compared with the prior year, and that's due primarily to certain integration expenses at Butler Schein Animal Health, as well as expected low H1N1-related sales in our Medical business compared to the prior year. This 2010 guidance is for continuing operations as well as completed or previously-announced acquisitions and does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions. Our 2010 guidance also excludes the impact of restructuring costs, which we just outlined in the first quarter, were $12.3 million pretax or $0.09 per diluted share.  Let me now turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much, Steven. Let me begin my review of our businesses by starting with the North American Dental business. Growth in Dental consumable merchandise, compared with the first quarter of 2009, as well as with the immediately preceding quarter, gives us further confidence that the market will continue to grow gradually with improvements expected for the rest of the year. In addition, we are pleased to report positive growth in Dental equipment sales, which we view as another favorable indicator of the market. We continue to believe there is pent-up demand for Dental equipment that will have a positive impact this year, although we can't be certain of the specific amount nor of course, the time.  Let me now review a little bit -- some thoughts on the North American Medical business. It was during March, we announced an innovative new initiative, which is a partnership with industry-leading electronic health care record, medical device and computer services companies. Initiative is called Henry Schein ConnectHealth. This initiative is designed to help physician practices by simplifying the selection and implementation of digital equipment that'll integrate into their Electronic Health Record. Henry Schein ConnectHealth also provide enhanced physician support and single-call customer concierge service at their implementation for practitioners that are purchasing Electronic Medical Record system or for that matter, practice management system through Henry Schein. Physicians are faced with hundreds of choices when it comes to Electronic Health Records. Of course, equipment and hardware: Software, the medical equipment and, of course, the computer hardware. All three have to integrate to have a successful and optimal Electronic Medical Record system. Henry Schein ConnectHealth includes the best of the best in the medical technology industry and provides a reliable and coordinated solution for physicians, who are looking to leverage technology to deliver quality care to their patients, improve efficiency of their practice, increase the profitability or leading to better quality care as well. Regarding our North American Veterinary business, our -- thirdly, The Animal Health business. In January of 2001, Butler Schein Animal Health began operations, creating the largest companion Animal Health sales and distribution footprint in the United States. Our reported sales to Veterinary customers were up almost four-fold over the prior-year first quarter, of course, primarily due to the Butler Schein merger transaction. Let me update you on our integration work at Butler Schein Animal Health. The combined businesses are now operating as one company under the Butler Schein Animal Health brand, with the single presence at trade shows, single invoicing to customers and uniform product pricing. Effective March 1, approximately one-third of Henry Schein's previous Veterinary business is shipping through the Butler distribution centers. The balance of the business is expected to begin shipping through the Butler centers by the end of the third quarter. We have made excellent progress at integrating IT systems, and expect to have this process fully completed during the third quarter. As I reported during our last quarterly conference call, we are delighted with our success in retaining manufacturer relationships. Our sales force retention has also been excellent. We are down only three sales representatives since the transaction to form Butler Schein Animal Health was first announced, which is only about 1% of the total and better than our expectations. The sales force integration now is complete, and all territories have been realigned and assigned effective January 1. We are also in the process of closing several redundant warehouse facilities, and expect that process to be completed by the end of the third quarter as well. Our plan is to reduce the number of distribution centers by seven. So overall, our integration initiatives are moving along very well and so far, the results are very good. We remain extremely optimistic about Butler Schein Animal Health and the future of our global Animal Health presence here in the United States and actually, here in Europe, through Henry Schein's Pan-European Animal Health business, which leads me into the discussion of our International operations. Today, we are pleased to be reporting continued sales momentum overseas. International growth reflects strong performance in our International Dental and Veterinary businesses through internal growth and through some add-on acquisitions that have been made during the last year. In addition, our International business has had particularly strong quarter in France, Australia, Germany, Spain and Switzerland. With continuing sales growth in our International business, combined with our ongoing efforts to control expenses, we look forward to further increasing International operating margin as the year goes by and of course, into next year. Our International operations represent a growing share of Henry Schein sales. In fact, for the quarter, International sales represented more than one-third of our company-wide total. And again, when we refer to International, we're talking about business outside of North America. As such, improving operating margins overseas will have a significant positive effect on Henry Schein's consolidated margins and our bottom line.  Our International operating margin improved 4.1% for the 2010 first quarter, up from 3% in 2009's first quarter. Bear in mind that the 4.1% is a composite and includes the lower-margin pharmaceutical products, which we shipped to veterinarians in Europe, which brings down the average rate for our operating margin on our International business. We continue to be very optimistic about the continued prospects to increase operating margins on our International group going forward.  So finally, let me talk about Technology and Value-added Services businesses. Once again, very positive growth in local currencies and more importantly, an extremely profitable business from an operating margin point of view. And while the segments of our business is highly profitable in its own right, it plays a key strategic role within Henry Schein as well.  Not only do our Technology products and Value-added Services help our clients to operate efficient practices and deliver high-quality patient care, but often times, they are integral to selling advanced technology equipment. The Technology businesses provide a technology platform for integrating various aspects of the practice, for storing, retrieving and sharing data, and ideally positioning Henry Schein for the next generation of high-tech products. This symbiotic relationship between our High-tech businesses and our core businesses has paid of handsomely over the last few years. Before Steven and I take your questions, I'd like to comment on a topic that has been hotly debated in recent weeks, and affects our Domestic, Dental and Medical businesses. And of course, I'm referring to healthcare reform legislation recently passed by the U.S. Congress and signed into law by President Obama. As you know, healthcare reform will take a number of years to fully implement as currently envisaged, and changes are likely to be made along the way. In fact, the debate still has to largely be played out, and the implementation, shaped. Yet, the overall goals of the legislation are clear, and Henry Schein is well positioned when looking at each of the three primary goals of Patient Protection and Affordable Healthcare Act (sic) [Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act].  Let me just briefly turned to them. First, the act aims to expand coverage to an estimated 32 million Americans without health insurance. Clearly, more Americans seeing physicians will benefit our Medical business. And in particular, an increasing focus on preventive care stands to drive patient flows to the primary care physician. The primary care physician, obviously, represents the majority of our physician customer base in terms of numbers of customers and of course, in dollars as well. In addition, we provide these customers with vaccines, injectables and other products. So that the increase in preventive care that take place in the physician office will likely benefit the amount of consumable and pharmaceutical products and of course, leading up to the equipment that our customers may require and therefore, purchase. And while the headlines of the act focus on access to medical care, there likely will be more demand for dental care as well. Some estimates call for additional 10 million individuals to be covered by dental insurance, which would represent approximately 10% increase to a number of Americans with dental insurance. Furthermore, the act includes a national oral health education campaign, which might further increase the demand for dental services. In fact, we would fully expect that.  The same goal of the act is to reform the health care delivery system to improve quality. Since the start of Henry Schein 77 years ago, the focus on quality patient care has been at all market, indeed at the center of our company. We offer the tools, the products, the services and training to ensure physicians and dentists are for the highest quality care to their patients while running an efficient office practice, which brings me to the third goal of the act. The third goal is to lower the overall cost to providing healthcare. In addition to quality, efficiency is the second hallmark of Henry Schein, and efficiency is an important component to lowering costs. We strive for efficiency in our own operations, and we have many, many products, services and programs to help dentists and physicians run efficient practices. As more patients see physicians, and as payments and reimbursements likely come down, the focus on efficiency is doubly critical. An office needs to be efficient to accommodate increased demand, and it needs to run efficiently to be profitable with lower procedure reimbursement. So as demand goes up and reimbursement remains relatively stable, it may go up slightly, it will be a requirement to increase efficiency in the office to cover the increased traffic. We'll be keeping a watchful eye on the implementation of healthcare reform, very encouraged by the role Henry Schein will be played in helping to achieve our primary goal. And that goal is to help our customers operate a more efficient practice so that they can focus on delivery of quality care.  So with that overview, again, thank you very much for your attention. Thank you very much for calling in today. Operator, we're ready to take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Steve, I believe gross margins declined about 48 basis points year-over-year. I'm guessing that's mix related, but can you just elaborate a bit on what drove that?
Steven Paladino: Yes, it is mix related, and I think a big component of it is related to Butler Schein because the Butler Schein gross margin is lower than our corporate average, and that has a slightly negative impact to our year-over-year comparison. But really, nothing -- we're not seeing any unusual pricing pressures in any of our markets. So it's really all mix related, again, primarily because of Butler Schein.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: You gave us a lot of clarity on the impact of foreign currency changes on your revenues. What sort of impact did it have on the bottom line for the company in the quarter?
Steven Paladino: On a bottom line perspective, foreign exchange also had a favorable impact. It was somewhere, approximating $0.02 per share benefit for us this year in the first quarter versus last year's first quarter.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And can we assume that your new guidance assumes that currency levels pretty much stay level from where there are now?
Steven Paladino: Yes, I think that right now -- obviously, we're comfortable where they are now, which is in the one -- the dollar to euro is about $1.30 and a little bit, so we're comfortable with that with our guidance. And we're not expecting any major movements, although that something that's obviously impossible to predict.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Derek Leckow with Barrington Research.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Just two questions here. First of all, on the Dental equipment category, it sounds like you're saying about a 800 basis point swing in the Dental equipment sales growth rate and breaking into positive territory for the first time. I just wonder if you could maybe elaborate, Stanley, on your comments regarding the pent-up demand situation and how we could maybe gauge that a little bit. Have you gotten any better visibility on that for this year?
Stanley Bergman: Derek, of course, no one can predict the future here, but we get a sense that the market has stabilized. Dentists who were looking at equipment before September of 2008 and stopped looking are back in the market looking. And it just looks the Traditional Equipment side is feeling better and people are finding ways to finance their equipment, not as readily as before. But it seems like there's more balance in the market. So the Basic Equipment business is looking quite good. We also see advanced demand for digital type of X-ray products, the CAD/CAM area. We're seeing also the book of business -- the order book looking much better than it's looked in perhaps five or six quarters. So it's hard to predict the future, of course, but it's feeling much better than it did a quarter ago.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Well, I think it's encouraging to hear the comments about the Basic Equipment area because that's -- I believe you have better lead time or better information on that one in terms of what your dental practices are telling you, in terms of what they're saying about what needs to be ordered ahead of, perhaps, a real estate transaction or something along those lines. Isn't that right?
Stanley Bergman: I think so. I mean, I think this is really the first time in more than a year or so that we're feeling some bounce back on the Traditional Equipment side. We reported lots of interest in the high-tech side now for a while, but it's the Traditional side that is giving us the most encouragement at this point.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: And then just a final question on the International Animal Health business, I think it's about roughly $650 million business, and you were saying that there is some opportunity on the margins, to improve operating margin there. I wondered if there is any synergy related to either purchasing or other synergies with regard to the Butler transaction. Does it give you more confidence that we can see improvement in the International Animal Health operating margins?
Stanley Bergman: First of all, what I was referring to is the International Animal Health operating margin is lower than the traditional International Dental operating margin, and that's because of the mix of higher percentage of lower-margin pharmaceuticals. Having said that, we are optimistic that we will continue to increase the operating margin of our entire International group, Dental, Animal Health and, of course, smaller Medical business. So we remain optimistic that we will continue to do that. That will be driven by, of course, the Pan-European rollout on SAP. We already have SAP in Germany, Australia, Italy and have been in lots of countries, and now we'll implement that in France, Spain and Switzerland over the next year or so. Lots of redundancies in the back office area are being eliminated. Of course, the additional acquisitions are adding more volumes to come through our relatively fixed-cost infrastructure, and the organic growth that we see in Europe will also help in the end, increase our operating margins. So we're quite optimistic about increasing our International operating margin. Now as it relates to the synergies between our European Animal Health business and Butler Schein Animal Health, yes, of course. We expect to see synergies on best practices, on procurement of some of the commodity-type products and, generally, having been in a position to provide better services to our major pharmaceutical suppliers. And with a global vision, we think we'll bring more value there as well. So overall, we're optimistic that the combined Animal Health businesses, the Butler Schein part in the United States and the International Pan-European part in Europe, will help each other to create synergies over the next year or two or three.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Randall Stanicky with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Jones - UBS: It's actually Bob Jones on for Randall this morning. Given the solid results in 1Q, at least relative to expectations, could you maybe spend a little time and walk us through the process, thought process behind guidance and specifically on 2Q, the year-over-year growth that you're projecting at mid-single digits. Are the integration costs at Butler more than you originally anticipated?
Steven Paladino: No. Bob, this is Steve. The integration expenses are not more than we expected, but we really have a significant amount of integration work that we're expecting to complete in Q2, as well as some additional amount in Q3. And because of that, when we paid our guidance on the overall Butler Schein transaction, we did say that it would be $0.01 to $0.03 worth of dilution for the year because of integration expenses. So the integration expenses are driving the first year dilution. Otherwise, it would be breakeven. So it's really not a change in the plan. It's just that there's a fair amount that's happening in Q2, and we're also expecting a little bit of headwind related to on the Medical side because of less traffic in the physician offices versus last year because of H1N1-related patient traffic. That was also something that when we gave our initial guidance, we were expecting -- so neither of these are new thoughts. It's just that it's the timing of them really both heading on at same time that we thought we call it out this year, for this quarter.
Robert Jones - UBS: And then I guess in light of 1Q results, I was wondering if you could provide an update on where you stand relative to the 25 to 50 basis point improve in EBIT that you previously discussed.
Steven Paladino: Yes, we still feel good about -- and that's all, excluding the restructuring costs. We still feel good about expanding the margins in that range for the full year. We're up 22 basis points in Q1. So we're still comfortable that margin expansion in that 25 to 50 basis points for the year is doable for us. So there's really no change in that either.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Steve, I was wondering if -- a couple of follow-ups additionally on guidance there. From a tax standpoint, your lower tax rate guidance for the year seems to add maybe $0.03 to $0.05 or so relative to my model. And obviously, Dental market seems to be rebounding here, probably a little quicker than you had implied in your guidance last quarter. So I'm just trying to feel out kind of those positives, and maybe you could comment on that combined with how the FX has changed. I hear what you're saying that you're comfortable with the Euro rate at about $1.30, $1.32 right now. But how does that change relative to last quarter? I think you were assuming about a $1.36, $1.38 last quarter, if I remember right? How much does that add to an EPS headwind to your guidance?
Steven Paladino: Well, from where we were, if you assume the $1.36 versus today, it's at about $1.30, that's probably in the range of $0.04 to $0.05 worth of headwind for us. So obviously, we're absorbing that in our increased guidance. The tax initiatives, we believe that the bulk of them will be ongoing tax benefits that will keep our effective tax rate lower going forward, and it really is just on the International side, primarily. But we're taking advantage of certain countries that have lower tax jurisdictions than the U.S., for example. So does that help?
Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Yes, it does. So if I'm hearing you correctly, and I'm not trying to put words in your mouth, but the tax benefits for the rest of the year kind of offset by the FX headwinds. So the force that raised the bottom probably just due purely to improving end-market demand.
Steven Paladino: Yes. And overall, again, since we're raising the bottom end of the guidance, we still feel more bullish today than we did last quarter because of that.
Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Butler, my Math, and correct me if I'm wrong here, about $150 million in Butler Schein revenue in the quarter are incremental Butler revenue. It was a little light of what I was looking for, and I'm just not sure if I missed some seasonality in that number, or just if you can talk about maybe the revenue that you got out of that deal this first quarter? Your thoughts there.
Steven Paladino: Well, yes, you probably are missing seasonality because as we go into this time of the year as well as the summer months, we do see a spike in sales primarily related to flea and tick-type products, so there was seasonality that starts to accelerate for that business. But overall, again, as Stanley mentioned on his remarks, we feel good about the sales force retention. We've only lost three people. That's out of about 300 people. I think it's quite amazing actually that it was so successfully implemented. We certainly think that the time when people are concerned was really over the last few months. And as time continues to pass, people should feel more comfortable about their territories and the business. And actually, what I've heard from the Butler Schein management team is sales force is feeling very excited about being part of the largest Companion Animal Veterinary business in the U.S. So, so far, things are looking pretty good on that front.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Larry Marsh with Barclays Capital.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: Let me just maybe talk about two things, if I could. First, on that -- Steve, obviously, you sort of highlighted lower sales force turnover, smooth systems conversion obviously keeping nearly all, all turn net positives early on in the process. As you think about that for the rest of the year either domestic or internationally, do you know any other things that could put you in a position to continue to do, perhaps exceed your expectations? Or do you look at the business today and say, "We are pretty well set for this year. We wouldn't expect any other besides those factors that could move the needle both positively and negatively here."
Stanley Bergman: Larry, obviously, it's very early in the year. But I think you can tell from Steven's remarks and mine and the tone that we're quite pleased with the progress on the integration of Butler Schein Animal Health. We are very happy with the supplier relationships, with the sales force retention. The integration is going very well. On the specifics in the field, all territories have been realigned and assigned. That was done the day we opened business on January 4. And overall, we're happy. The management team is a very good management team, actually. Kevin Vasquez is a great leader. The first national sales meeting of the combined organization is very successful. I think people are really charged, excited. And the team, overall, at head office in Dublin and also in the field is working very, very well and cohesively. So we don't want to up our expectations at this point because we still have to do some of the work. We expect the integration to be fully completed operationally by the end of the third quarter, and that's quite ambitious for any distribution integration, but I'm confident that Kevin and his team will deliver on that. So I think, at this point, everything is looking good. We're excited. And we're, of course, cautiously optimistic that over time we will beat the expectations we had going into this deal. But at this point in time, we want to stick with the plans that were set by the partners at the time we went into this deal.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: I think, Steve, you called out the -- I think I heard roughly 10-plus percent equipment growth internationally in Dental, with particular strength in Germany, France and Australia. Could you elaborate a little bit about what drove that particular strength? And is that something that we should be thinking about continuing for the rest of the year? And are there particular product wins there that you would want to highlight?
Steven Paladino: Well, I'm not sure I would highlight particular products, but we did see continued strong growth on the traditional side in Europe, traditional equipment, as well as what Stanley said in the U.S., which just as an aside, in the U.S., the traditional equipment, this is the first time in quite some time we've seen growth there. So we're pleased with that. We don't think this is an aberration. We do think that we are gaining market share, and that we'll continue to gain market share on equipment, as well as on the consumable side, internationally. So I'm not sure if the specifics that I would call out, but I know it was led by our traditional equipment.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: And along with that. Could you remind us what sort of exposure you have to some of the Eastern European markets and some of the other markets that are particularly challenged in this environment. And did you see it commensurate the weakness in those markets?
Steven Paladino: Yes. I guess, the positive is that in the Eastern European countries, we really have a very small presence today. So it really doesn't -- what's going on in their economies really does not have really any impact to us. Specifically, a lot of people are concerned about Greece. We don't have any operations in Greece. So there's no impact to us, what's going on in that market. The bulk of our market -- I would say the big three countries for Europe for us are Germany, France and the U.K. We are seeing a little bit of weakness in Spain and Italy. But Spain is a small market for us. In Italy, our strategy really is to become the first national full-service dental distributor. So that's starting to pay dividends for us also. So I think we're positioned pretty well in the European markets.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: Steve, as you think about this year, are you still -- on vaccines on seasonal flu, are you still thinking, 12 million to 14 million doses is the right ballpark? And could you still envision a scenario where you'd be able to, perhaps, do a little bit better given all the changes in the market in the last two years?
Steven Paladino: Well, yes, our guidance does assume 12 million to 14 million doses of flu vaccine for this season. Certainly, like every year, if there's opportunities from our customer-demand perspective, I believe that there will be opportunities to buy in the spot market. So that's certainly an opportunity. And given that the H1N1 strain will be part of the seasonal flu vaccine, at least we believe that should make demand very strong this year. So yes, I think right now we're, again, cautiously optimistic about flu season.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Steven Valiquette with UBS.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank: And as far as the International growth -- and again, I think I get kind of late in the call here, some of the good questions have been asked already, but sticking with that theme, were you surprised that the International dental equipment sales were stronger than the consumables? Was that kind of a trend line you're expecting there? And the fact that consumables were up, I guess, 5.7%, but the equipment was 10.4%, was that sort of a trend line. What's you're expecting? That's question one.
Steven Paladino: Well, I would say, I mean in a while, it did perform well. It was in line with our expectations, probably performed better than our expectations, but not -- we were expecting strong equipment results in Europe, and that did occur. So I wouldn't say that there's any huge improvement over our expectations. Now we've been doing well on equipment for some time now. I think if you look at our Dental and our International internal growth for the last several quarters or longer, we've been growing at similar internal growth rates. So I think this is just more a continued performance from recent history rather than some unusually very positive performance.
Stanley Bergman: I think also a little bit at the margin. Last year, the IDS meeting was in Germany. And in April, there is no IDS meeting. So last year, some sales were pushed from the first quarter on equipment into the second quarter. There may be a small amount of that this year, so some sales patched from the second winter into the first, but not material in the context of our International business nor material in the context of Henry Schein.
Steven Valiquette - UBS Investment Bank: And then just -- well, you kind of touched on it, Steve, but again, do you think the overall European market was better than expected in the March quarter? Was that kind of in line in years you discontinued to do better than the market, kind of on the same trend line you've been? I mean what's the best way to characterize that?
Stanley Bergman: I think, of course, we had a very good quarter, but not materially different to our overall budgets for our International business. Maybe one group was a little bit better than the other, but overall, our International group was in line with our expectations, tad better but not materially better.
Steven Paladino: Yes, let me just add also. Clearly, the market is not growing as rapidly in Europe. So clearly, we are gaining market share. The market may be growing somewhere half or so of what we put up in Dental overall sales growth merchandise and equipment. So we're certainly taking market share.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of A.J. Rice with Susquehanna.
Albert Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: First of all, thanks for the comments on the International side. I just want to confirm, I know at one point, you were talking about getting the margin up to about 6% over the next couple of years, maybe at 4.1% in the current quarter. Is 6% still a goal that is out there for you?
Steven Paladino: Yes, it's still very much our goal, and we still feel confident that we will achieve that. That 4% though, because of seasonality in quarters, is lower than what we'll expect to do for the full year of 2010.
Albert Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: You mentioned a couple of times about H1N1 year-to-year variance, and I guess there's probably some seasonal flu variance as well. Do have the numbers to show what the year-to-year impact on that is? How much does that -- was that a headwind for you this year, if I could ask?
Steven Paladino: Well, I'll give you some estimates, A.J., but this is difficult to track very precisely. But last year, we called out that we thought that last year's sales growth was positively impacted by somewhere in the 2% to 3% range. And this year, I don't think it's continuing at the same rate. So maybe there's a 1% to 2% or so negative impact in Medical sales because of less H1N1-related traffic. But that's very subjective and estimated numbers. I don't think it's materially off that, but it's hard really to track it perfectly and precisely.
Albert Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Now on the Butler Schein combination, you said the $0.01 to $0.03 diluted for the year, and it sounds like a lot that is going to come in the second and third quarter. Was there any impact on the bottom line that you would attribute to the merger itself this quarter?
Steven Paladino: There was, and I don't have the exact number handy. There was, but the more significant integration costs are coming in Q2 and Q3 than what we saw in Q1.
Albert Rice - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: And then just a final question on -- obviously, you've got significant integration in that area in the next two quarters, but you guys tend to be remain active on the acquisition market. Do you step back at all because of the Butler Schein integration from acquisitions? And whether you do or not, any flavor on the pipeline out there?
Stanley Bergman: A.J., our acquisition pipeline remains as full as it's ever been. No assurances that we can close on any deal in any particular quarter because deals have a life cycle into their own. However, our goal is to continue to grow the business through internal growth and acquisition growth in all three of our major areas: Dental, Medical, Animal Health and, of course, the related software areas both in the United States and abroad. The Butler Schein Animal Health transaction engrossed the Butler Schein management team, and they are doing very, very well, and it's not really using much of the management team elsewhere in the company. So we feel that we have capacity to undertake further integrations as the year goes by.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bob Willoughby with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Robert Willoughby: Steve, I think you've answered the question. If you assume the Butler Burns deal added somewhere in the neighborhood of $150 million or so in revenues, maybe less for seasonality aspects. I'm looking at the minority interest line item, and it's up only $2 million year-over-year. Is it just integration expenses, some of the seasonality that might have limited the growth on that metric? And isn't that the one that ultimately has to trend higher here?
Steven Paladino: Yes, you're completely right, Bob. It is primarily those two reasons, some integration expenses but really seasonality of the business, which profitability and sales improved after Q1. And yes, we do expect that minority interest line to grow because of the increased profitability of Butler Schein going forward.
Robert Willoughby: Second quarter guidance, though, might that be kind of a flat metric with the integration offsetting seasonality? Or relatively positive?
Steven Paladino: I hate to be so granular on specific lines. I don't think it will be flat, but I don't think it's going to have a big movement there.
Robert Willoughby: And do you have any stated deleveraging plans here over the course of the year or in the next year?
Steven Paladino: Well, we have two opportunities. We're still evaluating. We have about principal repayment on one of our term loans of about $20 million that's coming up later this year. Our convertible debt of about $240 million. Also there's a simultaneous put and call in the August timeframe, and we're evaluating what we want to do with that. So I think there are some opportunities, but we haven't made any decisions on that at this time.
Robert Willoughby: So flat line in interest expense a fair assumption?
Steven Paladino: Yes, because the bulk -- yes, the interest expense is -- right now, the main debt is the convert of $240 million and the $300-and-some-odd millions, $320 million related to the Butler Schein acquisition. That's the bulk of the debt on the balance sheet.
Operator: And we do have time for one last question from the line of Richard Close with Jefferies & Company.
Richard Close - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Steve, I guess on the restructuring, if I go and think back to the fourth quarter call, you talked about $10 million to $12 million, I believe, for the year, if I'm not mistaken, on a pretax basis, and I guess $12.3 million you've reported here in the first quarter. So how should we think about that as we progress through the year because if I remember it correctly, you said most of it would be in the first quarter, but you could see some fall into other quarters?
Steven Paladino: Yes, that's what we did say at Q4, but we're really not expecting any future restructuring costs beyond Q1. We were able to accomplish, that's why it was at the high end of our range, pretty much all of the restructuring efforts in Q1. So really going forward, we're not looking at any further amounts for restructuring.
Richard Close - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then when we look at those restructuring costs, I think most of it was associated with the International. Was that the case? And maybe any type of break down there.
Steven Paladino: Well, admittedly, we said and this is -- it really isn't most of it. It's just that compared to the size of the International business, which is a third of the business, it did have a higher percentage of overall restructuring costs. But it isn't that the bulk of it all is in International. We also did some restructuring in our U.S. business. In total, there was about 180 positions that were eliminated. And again, we feel like we've done what we needed to do, and we don't see any need for future restructuring for the balance of the year.
Richard Close - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And just a final question here would be is obviously, tax benefit from the lower rate and then offset somewhat by the headwinds on foreign exchange, but you talked pretty favorably with respect to your businesses operating nicely and in some improving trends. Should we just take your guidance as a conservative stance and maybe you haven't really factored in a lot of carryover on the improving trends that you've experienced here in the first quarter?
Steven Paladino: Well, we typically try to have very realistic guidance. This is no different than any other time we give guidance. We felt that Q1 was a very good start of the year for us. We do believe that the markets will continue to show gradual improvement going forward. We're probably being conservative to realistic on what that improvement will be because it's really hard to precisely estimate that. So again, overall, we feel good about achieving guidance, that's why we're increasing the range or increasing the lower end of the range. But it's still early in the year.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Thank you, everyone. And thank you, all, for joining us today and for your interest, of course, in Henry Schein. As you can tell from the remarks we made, we remain rather bullish about the business. The business as a whole in the hands of, we believe, a very good management. Each one of our groups, each one of them have specific goals that they're working towards, and we feel comfortable that the plans that we made for this year will be implemented in accordance with our expectations. And so if you have any specific questions, please feel free to contact Steve Paladino at (631) 843-5500 or Susan Vassallo, who heads our Communications, at (631) 843-5562, and we look forward to having another call in 90 days or so. We'll be at several conferences in the next quarter, and we'd be happy to meet with you and discuss Henry Schein in more depth at that time. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Vassallo – VP, Corporate Communications Stanley M. Bergman – Chairman and CEO Steven Paladino – EVP and CFO
Analysts: Glen Santangelo – Credit Suisse John Kreger – William Blair Jeff Johnson – Robert W. Baird Larry Marsh – Barclays Capital Lisa Gill – JP Morgan Richard Close – Jefferies Robert Willoughby – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein fourth quarter conference call. (Operator instructions) As a reminder the call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host of today’s call, Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, Susan.
Susan Vassallo: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's fourth quarter results. If you have not received a copy of our earnings news release, you can access it on our website at henryschein.com. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin I'd like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Also these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The content of this conference call contains time sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, today, February 23, 2010. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call you please limit yourself to a single question and a follow up, before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for the call. With that said I'd like to turn the call over now to Mr. Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Susan, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We as a team are very pleased to report excellent fourth-quarter and full-year results during what has been a very difficult economic time. Each of our businesses, each of the specific groups posted local currency sales growth during the fourth quarter. We also see indications of positive market trends across the board. Looking at 2009 for the full year, we are reporting growth in net sales of about 2.5%, which includes growth at the local level and local currencies of almost 6%, in fact 5.7%. We are very pleased to report growth in diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for 2009, excluding unusual items of about 10% or $3.20 per share. And if you think about it that we believe is quite good considering the guidance we gave last year or the year before actually in November of 2008, and our ability to deliver on those expectations given all the puts and takes resulting from the dynamics in the marketplace, and also the impact on the inability to provide a full allotment of flu sales. Today we are also pleased to reaffirm financial guidance for 2010. In a moment, I will provide some commentary on each of our four business groups, but first let me ask Steven Paladino, our CFO, to provide an overview of our quarterly financial results. Thank you. Steve.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stan, and good morning everyone. Before I begin I'd like to point out that all of our current and prior year information has been restated to report a small non-core dental wholesale business that was sold in Q3 of this year as a discontinued operation. Also our prior year results were also restated to reflect the wholesale ultrasound business that we sold in 2008 as a discontinued operation, as well as the adoption of new accounting regulations regarding interest expense on our convertible debt. In addition, current and prior year results include a number of unusual items as we detailed on Exhibit B of this morning's press release. I will be referring to income from continuing operations, excluding these unusual items, as non-GAAP. Exhibit B also reconciles our GAAP and non-GAAP income and EPS from continuing operations. For Q4, these unusual non-GAAP adjustments totaled only about $700,000 or $0.01 per diluted share and they were $19.1 million on a full year basis or $0.21 per diluted share. Our net sales for the quarter ended December 26th, 2009 were $1.8 billion, reflecting a 13% increase compared with the fourth quarter of 2008. This consists of an 8% growth in local currencies and a 5% increase related to foreign currency exchange rates. In local currencies, our internally generated sales were up 3% and acquisition growth was approximately 5%. Again you could note the details of our sales growth on Exhibit A of our earnings news release that was issued earlier today. If we look at selling, general, and administrative expenses for the fourth quarter of 2009, they were $389.7 million and that compares with $337.3 million in the prior year's quarter, an increase of $52.4 million. This increase includes a number of items, such as about $17.1 million related to foreign currency exchange, about $16.3 million related to acquired companies, so these were companies that were not in the prior year's fourth-quarter, and their expenses are in the current year's fourth quarter, so acquisitions. And lastly about $3.3 million of acquisition expenses directly related to the Butler transaction that was recently closed. Our operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2009 was 7.7%, and improved by 110 basis points over the fourth quarter of 2008. Excluding the adjustments, Q4 non-GAAP operating margin contracted by 42 basis points and the key drivers for this were the same factors I just mentioned when discussing SG&A, namely foreign currency exchange, acquired companies’ expenses and the Butler acquisition expenses. Let me point out for the year our non-GAAP operating margin improved by 23 basis points, when you exclude these adjustments. Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2009 was 32.6%, up slightly from 32.2% in the prior year's fourth quarter. We expect our effective tax rate to continue to be in this 33% range for 2010. Income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein for the fourth quarter of 2009 was $86.4 million or $0.94 per diluted share, up 36.9% and 32.4% respectively when compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. Our non-GAAP income from continuing operations was $85.7 million or $0.93 per share representing increases of 8.3% and 5.7% respectively when again compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. You can see that reconciliations again are included in the Exhibit B reconciling our GAAP and non-GAAP income and EPS from continuing operations. When we look at our financial performance for the full year, I'm very pleased to report some of our achievements. First 2.5% sales growth in a very challenging economic environment, second, operating margin expansion on a non-GAAP basis of 23 basis points, and if you exclude the negative impact of less flu vaccine availability our operating margin for the full year actually expanded by about 35 basis points, and was in line with our overall guidance on margin expansion. We also achieved nearly 10% in diluted EPS growth from continuing operations on a non-GAAP basis, and our operating cash flow was extremely strong, where we achieved record operating cash flow of almost $400 million for the year. We are very proud to have achieved the EPS goal that we stated one year ago during this difficult economic climate, and despite reduced supply of seasonal influenza vaccine product. Let me now provide some details on sales results for the fourth quarter. Our dental sales for the fourth quarter of 2009 increased by 1.5% to $671.7 million, and that consists of a 0.2% increase in local currencies and a 1.3% increase related to foreign currency exchange. Our consumable merchandise sales increased 4% in local currencies and that includes a 0.4% increase in internal sales and 3.6% growth due to acquisitions. We believe that this market continues to show positive trends as our internal dental consumable merchandise sales were down by 1.8% in local currencies for the third quarter of this year, and this is a nice improvement from that level. Our dental equipment sales decreased by 7.2% compared with the prior year in local currencies and were 8.2% down on an internally generated basis with 1% due to acquisitions. This compares very favorably with the third quarter decline which was 13.4% and with the second quarter decline which was 18%. So again we believe that this is a good indicator of positive trends in the US dental equipment market. Our medical sales were $368.2 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of 5.5%. Internally generated sales were up 4.3% and acquisition growth contributed 1.2%. During the fourth quarter, we sold approximately 2 million doses of seasonal influenza vaccine, and that represents net sales of approximately $17.2 million and this compares with last year where we sold 3.1 million doses in fourth quarter, and had sales of approximately $24.1 million. For the year, we achieved our goal of selling 8.5 million doses that we talked about on last quarter’s conference call. Excluding the sales of seasonal influenza vaccine, which again declined by about 28% from last year's fourth quarter, our Medical Group sales were up 8.1% with 6.8% internally generated. Of that 6.8% internal sales growth, we estimate that approximately 3% was due to products related to the H1N1 virus and 3% of the growth was primarily due to strong sales of consumable products within our medical group. On an overall basis we believe that we continue to gain market share in the medical arena and that's even if one were to exclude the incremental sales related to H1N1. Sales to our veterinary customers represented about 16% growth, and also represented about 16% of our fourth quarter Medical Group sales, and now with the establishment of Butler Schein Animal Health, we plan to break out our veterinary sales when reporting our quarterly results starting with the first quarter of 2010. Turning to our International Group, sales for the fourth quarter of 2009 were $699.1 million, up 32.4% compared with the prior year, and this consisted of 19.3% increase in local currencies and 13.1% increase related to foreign currency exchange. Our internally generated sales continued to be strong and increased 8.7% and acquisition growth contributed an additional 10.6% and that was due to the acquisitions of Noviko in the Czech Republic, DNA Anthos in Italy and Medka in Germany. We are very, very pleased to report very strong sales growth in local currencies in all of our major international markets. Turning to technology and value added services sales for the fourth quarter of 2009, they were $47.1 million, up 11.2% compared with the prior year. This consisted of a 9.8% increase in local currencies and a 1.4% increase related to foreign currency exchange. Our internally generated sales increased 6.4% and acquisition growth contributed an additional 3.4% and that was due primarily to the acquisition of European veterinary software and practice management business. During the fourth quarter, we continued to see strong growth in our recurring revenues in this business segment, including our electronic servicing business, as well as solid growth in our overall software business. We now take a brief look at the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow, operating cash flow for the quarter was $178.5 million that compares to $196.1 million in the prior year's fourth quarter. The operating cash flow for the year was just under $400 million, or $396.9 million, and that is up from $384.8 million in 2008. We are pleased to have achieved our stated goal of operating cash flow being well in excess of net income for the year. Our accounts receivable day sales outstanding from continuing operations was 38 days for the fourth quarter of 2009 and that compares versus 43 days for the fourth quarter of 2008. On a full-year basis, our day sales outstanding were 40.4 days and that compares favorably to 41.4 days in 2008. Inventory turns from continuing operations for the fourth quarter was 6.5 turns versus 6.2 turns in the fourth quarter of last year, and on a full-year basis, inventory turns were 6.2 turns, and that compares to 6.5 turns in the prior year. Looking at capital expenditures for the full year of 2009, they were $51.6 million, and we would expect our CapEx to continue to be in that range for 2010. So somewhere in the $50 million to $55 million range would be our expectations for 2010 CapEx. Let me just conclude my remarks by affirming our 2010 financial guidance. We expect 2010 diluted EPS to be $3.40 to $3.56. This guidance is for current continuing operations and includes the Butler Schein Animal Health business as well as other completed or previously announced acquisitions. And during the first quarter of 2010, we expect to complete an additional restructuring in order to further reduce our operating expenses. The restructuring includes both headcount reductions as well as closing of some smaller facilities. Restructuring is primarily concentrated in certain of our European operations, and is part of our overall plan to increase our international operating margins. The restructuring costs are expected to be reported substantially in Q1 of 2010. However, timing of certain actions may cause some of the restructurings to be reported later. Our guidance excludes the impact of these one-time restructuring costs, which were expected to be in the range of $10 million to $12 million on a pre-tax basis or approximately $7 million to $9 million on an after-tax basis. With that let me now turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you Steven. I would like to begin the review of our business groups by starting with the Dental Group that is the North American Dental Group, our business in the dental arena in the United States and Canada. Overall we saw improvements in the dental market during the fourth quarter compared with the third quarter, and we're cautiously optimistic that the dental market will see modest growth in 2010. In particular, the market for dental consumable merchandise showed some further signs of positive trends during the fourth quarter, which was evident in our reported growth of 4% in consumable merchandise sales in local currencies of which about 0.4% was internal growth. We are also continuing to see signs in improvement in the dental equipment market. Although sales once again declined versus the prior year, the rates of decline have slowed considerably from the third quarter, which in turn slowed considerably from the second quarter. Most specifically if we take the year-over-year sales decline for the second quarter, which was about 18% for the third quarter and improved approximately 13%, and for the fourth quarter it narrowed again to about 7%. We believe this trend will continue during 2010, and we see ourselves moving into positive territory as the year progresses. Now let's take a look at our medical group, where we are pleased with the strong results posted by our medical group. As we continued to gain market share in this business, and what we are focused on is the office-space practitioner that is physicians in private practice purchasing consumable products, pharmaceutical products, primarily injectables and equipment. We continue to gain share in this business. During the quarter growth was 5.5% or about 8.1% if you take out the sales of seasonal flu vaccine. So 8% growth in this market is definitely quite a considerable market share growth factor. This 8.1% figure includes internal growth of 6.8%, which consists of growth of 5.1% or so to our physician customers, and 16% to our business customers. So we believe we have gained market share in both sectors. During the quarter, we had strong sales of consumable products as well as sales of products related to the treatment and prevention of H1N1 virus. On January 4th of this year, we did announce that we completed the transaction to form Butler Schein Animal Health. Butler Schein Animal Health began operations with the largest veterinary sales and distribution footprint in this country with revenues for the past 12 months of approximately $850 million. And on a worldwide basis, our veterinary sales for last year represented about $1.4 billion in sales. It is on a GAAP basis. And on a non-GAAP quite close to $2 billion. So, Butler Animal Health combines animal health supply of Butler Animal Health supply and of course, the Henry Schein US animal health businesses, and based upon the outstanding reputation and strong customer focus that our long-standing hallmark of both of these businesses. As we’ve disclosed in the past, Henry Schein owns 50.1% of Butler Schein Animal Health, and we will consolidate those operations in our financial statements. The remainder of the shares are held by the previous owners of Butler Animal Health Supply including Oak Hill Capital Partners, which has the option to begin selling its interest in Henry Schein in 2011, and the remainder by The Ashkin Family, which has similar rights beginning five years after the closing. The structure allows for our capital outlay to be spread out over multiple years. Approximately 900 Butler Schein Animal Health team members are serving animal health customers across the 50 states of the United States. This includes approximately 300 field sales representatives, and approximately 200 telesales and customer support representatives. The entire venture, Butler Schein Animal Health, is under the capable leadership of Kevin Vasquez, who is chairman, president and CEO of Butler Schein Animal Health. Kevin has an outstanding team representing the finest professionals from both previous Butler organization and the previous Henry Schein Animal Health organization to create the leading US presence both from a sales point of view, and from what we believe to be a management point of view as well, which complements the terrific team we had in Europe, where we have really established a wonderful pan-European animal health presence. We recently brought on board a president for Henry Schein animal health business in Europe, Peter McCarthy [ph], many years of experience in the industry, who reports up to David Prowse [ph], who heads up our diversified medical and animal health portfolio in Europe. The benefits of the Butler Animal Health company to our veterinary customers are quite extensive. They include of course the broader selection of products and value-added services in the industry, and the efficiency and convenience of ordering from one primary supplier the entire range of products, consumables and equipment needed to operate a veterinary practice. We believe manufacturers will benefit from Butler Schein Animal Health’s unmatched reach and market place insight. I'm pleased to report that manufacturers are really appreciative of these benefits, as Butler Schein Animal Health is now carrying products from Novartis, Bayer, Lilly, Summit [ph], Fort Dodge, Virbac, and Schering, previously only sold by Henry Schein as well as Merial [ph] products previously only sold by Butler Animal Health supply. We are currently in the process of integrating the two businesses. By the third quarter of 2010, Butler Schein Animal Health will be operating as one company with one brand, one system and one infrastructure. In fact, we already are operating as one brand as was exhibited at the Orlando show in January of this year where the new combined business was unfolded under the new brand, and was extremely well received by customers and our suppliers. Our new company will share best practices from the combined businesses, and offer its team members tremendous opportunities. Indeed, I'm also pleased to report that as of quarter end, we have only lost 2 sales representatives as we believe the team is very excited to be part of the largest companion animal distribution company in the US. The team and the enthusiasm are terrific. And the key metrics that we set as targets for ourselves are so far being well achieved. The Butler Schein Animal Health business further complements our domestic operations, of course, and to reiterate our pan-European platform, and indeed will help us expand our global footprint, where we have plans to expand across the world in all markets where there are companion animal veterinarians. So let us segue into our international group, a little bit more focus on that, where we are pleased to report continued sales momentum. Our international business has hit a milestone in the fourth quarter, when net sales of nearly $700 million made this group the largest within Henry Schein as we reap the benefits of a multi-year global strategy. We believe that over time in fact at least half of our business will be generated outside of North America, and this business will become increasingly more profitable. While international sales in part were driven by foreign currency exchange for the fourth quarter, our international group sales grew by 19.3% in local currency. Once again, we have double-digit sales growth in local currencies in our international dental, medical and veterinary businesses. Notably our veterinary business in Europe grew by 20% in local currencies, including internal growth of approximately 13%. So let me conclude my review of our business groups with a discussion of the technology and value-added services business. This group once again posted positive growth in local currencies of 9.8% during the quarter. Technology sales were up more than 11%, software sales up 7.5% in local currencies, while our electronic services business grew by 19.7%. This is the future, and there is lots and lots of exciting plans in the hopper to advance our electronic services business. Of note, within our software category, our strong sales of international software products. You will recall that we acquired Software of Excellence in September of 2007. With Software of Excellence Henry Schein is the leading supplier of practice management systems for dentists in the United Kingdom and Ireland, and the largest supplier of dental software in Australia and New Zealand. Before Steve and I take your questions, I would like to summarize a few of the many accomplishments at Henry Schein during 2009. Of course, Butler Schein Animal Health played a prominent role in advancing our new leg to the Henry Schein stool in addition to the medical office-space practice business, and our dental business, we now have a strong presence on a global basis in the animal health arena. Animal health has about $600 million of annual net sales. Smaller acquisitions together represented 1.2 million in annualized sales. It is important to note that approximately 45% of the global markets we serve are currently represented by independent distributors. During 2009 we continued our strategy of offering exclusive and non-exclusive products to our customers. Examples of this include 2009 expansion of our relationships in a number of areas including Allscripts with their professional electronic health record, and Dentatus for the narrow body implant system. We also believe we hit the milestone during 2009 in that more than 600,000 customers we serve now represent more than 1 million healthcare providers. We're proud that more than 1 million professionals worldwide are benefiting from our products and services, which we believe is more than any other company, and we're solidly in an area of healthcare that is growing the preventative area. The office-space practitioner and specifically the dentist and the physician are providing preventative services, an area that is expected to continue to grow as the baby boomers continue to understand the importance of prevention and more procedures are moved from the hospital to the office-space setting. In early 2010 we announced the appointment of Bradley Sheares to our Board of Directors. Dr. Sheares takes a seat previously held by Dr. Margaret Hamburg, who now serves as commissioner of the US Food and Drug Administration. Dr. Sheares served as CEO of Reliant Pharmaceuticals who was acquisitioned by GlaxoSmithKline, and for 19 years was with Merck, ultimately president of the US Human health business of Merck. He brings to our board a wealth of health care knowledge in a quickly changing medical landscape as well as obviously good governance experience in some large enterprise. So with that overview of the quarter and the year I would like to thank you’ll for your attention this morning. Operator, we are ready to take questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question is from the line of Glen Santangelo from Credit Suisse.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Close enough. Steve and Stan, how are you. I just had a couple of quick questions about your dental business. You know, ultimately it looks like your consumable business was back into positive territory even after I exclude acquisitions, but yet your equipment business remains in kind of negative territory, and this is your North American business we're talking about. Am I thinking about that right consumables seem to be ex-acquisitions about 1%, 1.5%, maybe equipment is a little bit, you know, maybe down in the minus 10% range ex-acquisitions. Is that about right?
Steven Paladino: Let me give you. It's close, but it is not, let me give you the exact numbers. Our consumables merchandize, the local currency growth was 4% and ex-acquisitions was 0.4%, okay. On equipment, the decline was 7.2% and ex-acquisitions was 8.2%. Okay.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Okay, and do you think that is kind of representative of kind of where market growth is or you feel like it is a little better or a little worse than that?
Steven Paladino: You know, I would say it's slightly better than what the market we think was growing in Q4. You know, we do think that we'll see a bit of an acceleration in the market in 2010. I think we think that consumables you know, it's probably going to be growing at the low single-digit rate starting in 2010. This is the market growth rate, and we think that by first half of 2010, we'll still see some declines, but lessening declines in equipment in the market and then maybe by the second half of 2010 into positive territory.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: So Steve, is that the way I should think about your guidance, then on the consumable side kind of low single-digit positive for the year, and then on the equipment basically flattish with negative growth in the first-half, and maybe slightly positive growth in the second half?
Steven Paladino: Yes, I would say yes, you know, again we think those are the market growth rates. So we should do a little bit better than market growth rates. But that is the way our guidance was built.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: And then just two other quick questions. How much did the currency help you from an EPS perspective this quarter?
Stanley Bergman: The currency was about $0.04 per share of EPS benefit. Now when we issued guidance, we're expecting it to be greater than that, but you do recognize that the dollar is now at about $1.36 to the euro and back when we issued guidance that was at about $1.50.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Okay, and are you assuming a currency tailwind in your 2010 guidance at all or no?
Stanley Bergman: You know, maybe a slight tailwind. You know, right now when you look at our full-year guidance, you know, let me just point out two factors. The first is that while we reiterated guidance, we reiterated guidance while absorbing the expected dilution from Butler, which was $0.02 to $0.04, and we also reiterated guidance with $1 today versus euro at $1.36 and we were expecting it to be a little bit higher than that. So really there is some upside to our core business, even though the guidance is remaining the same. Right now I think that you know, we would expect the dollar maybe to strengthen a little bit going forward but we don't, you know, I talked about on last conference call we were not using in our estimates $1.50. We were using a lower number, and right now if it declines further versus the euro, you know, there would be a little bit of risk but right now we're not expecting that.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Okay, and then just kind of my last question, some of the other companies kind of commented on the US market versus the international market, can you may be just give us a sense for kind of what you are seeing in terms of the recovery. Is one market moving faster than the other in your opinion?
Stanley Bergman: Well, you know, I would say that you know, the international market you know, in the larger markets we never really saw as much of a decline as we saw in the US market and you know, we posted over the last three or four quarters, high single-digit internal local currency growth in our dental business. Now we're clearly gaining market share, because the market you know, probably just is a slightly positive territory. So I would say international, at least in allied markets [ph], which is primarily Europe and Australia did not decline as much, and right now we're seeing a stronger growth in the markets in the US because it declined you know, at a higher level.
Steven Paladino: Glen, I think it is fair to say that the Canadian market, the German market, the French market, those are the key markets for us plus Australia and New Zealand, are all -- it is quite buoyant. They were good last year and remain relatively strong. The UK and Italy are challenged, and we're doing well because we are gaining market share. The challenge of course lies in Spain.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: All right. Thanks for the comments guys.
Stanley Bergman: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kreger from William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair: Hi, thanks very much. Just a follow up, another question on your international business, are you guys content with the current geographic footprint, or would you look to perhaps expand it further into new markets in 2010?
Stanley Bergman: Well, John there is tremendous opportunity in the markets that we are in. So, well over the $27 billion or $28 billion markets that we are in is in the hands of relatively smaller undercapitalized players. So, in the markets we're in, North America, Western Europe, Australia, and New Zealand, there are still lots of opportunity to do business with more customers, and to sell more to the existing customers, number one. That is a generic statement. Number two, there is still lots of products that we are underweighted in including the specialties area and equipment business, and there is lots and lots of opportunity. Yes, we will continue to take a look at Asia and we had our launch in Hong Kong and in China last year, and that's going okay but it's relatively small and we will look at other markets, but I think from a earnings per share point of view the area of focus remains the markets we're in.
John Kreger - William Blair: Great, thanks. And then another related question, now that you clearly have scale, both in North America and in a number of international markets do you feel like you have already realized the global purchasing opportunity across your suppliers or is that still a meaningful opportunity going forward?
Stanley Bergman: One of our clear goals is to continue to improve on supply chain management, and that means increasing our gross profit. Of course some of that is because of mix, some of that will be driven because of mix of product, but a big part of it will be finding ways to procure products at a lower price and that includes both the product itself, but more importantly also taking cost out of the system, and we are working with some of the major brands, all of the major branded manufacturers in that area, but also some of the smaller ones, and in particular some of the commodity manufacturers. So yes, our goal is to continue to expand our operating margins, somewhere between 25% and 50% and a big part of that will come from improvements in gross profits, in fact taking one of our senior executives, Mike Racioppi, we asked him about a year and a half ago to focus exclusively on driving up gross profit corporate-wide and he is really -- he has done very good and his team have done a great job, but he is really at the beginning of that process, lots and lots of opportunity.
John Kreger - William Blair: Great, thanks. And just to clarify finally given the addition of Butler to your P&L in 2010, do you think you can still deliver 25 to 50 basis points of EBIT margin improvement this year?
Steven Paladino: Yes, we do John. We think that you know, Butler still has opportunities to expand their operating margin on their own right, and together with us we are still comfortable with that 25 to 50 basis points for 2010.
John Kreger - William Blair: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson from Robert Baird.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Wondering if I could ask a couple of clarifying questions here. Just on the restructuring charges Steve, the $10 million to $12 million that is purely the European restructuring. Is that correct?
Steven Paladino: No, no. The $10 million to $12 million is total companywide, but as I said earlier it is concentrated in Europe. So very high percentage of that $10 million to $12 million is in our European operations and again that was you know, as part of our plan to increase the international operating margins that we've talked about in the past. This will help achieve it, but it does include a small portion related to the North American operations.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: And is that small portion is some of that Butler, I'm just trying to think, did you absorb the $0.02 to $0.04 dilution from Butler essentially through retaining the Merial relationship, and just that not being as dilutive as maybe your first thought on first path or some of that restructuring Butler related that will just be called out as non-recurring?
Stanley Bergman: No, none of that $10 million to $12 billion is related to Butler integration expenses. You know, that's, you know, when we define restructuring cost, we define it as elimination expenses where we do eliminating personnel or closing facilities that we won't take additional space for, but it does not include the Butler integration expenses, which will be separate and that was in the $0.02 to $0.04 of dilution that we talked about for Butler. With respect to an update on Butler specifically you know, we're feeling good about the 2010 acquisition model. You know, clearly the manufacturer’s situation is a big positive versus what our acquisition model assumed. We have not yet translated that into additional EPS because a big chunk of it eliminates risk where we were looking to transfer you know, customers from product A to product B, and that risk is really eliminated, but so far I think all the indications of Butler is that you know, it's early to you know, to make this statement, but we think that there could be some nice positives, but that was not built into the new guidance, because it's too early really to make that call. The integrations, we are really right in the middle of integration efforts right now.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: That's fair. I guess, going back to John’s question on the 25 to 50 bps on margin expansion that you feel like you can deliver in 2010. That would be then including the integration expenses with Butler?
Stanley Bergman: That's right. That's all -- it would just exclude the restructuring cost.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: All right. Well, it is a good number then. Last question, just want to make sure I understood a comment from the first question on the dental market, the consumables and the equipment side, Steve, I think you made the comment that the slight market growth on consumables, and maybe a little bit of eat market growth this year, and kind of what you would include it in your guidance. I thought last quarter you had talked about expectations in 2010 guidance that the dental market really doesn't improve much if anything at all? Just want to make sure I can reconcile those two?
Steven Paladino: Well, you know, I think if you look at in total I think that statement is still correct because you know these low single-digit market for consumables and flattish for equipments, you know, is going to be very low single digits for the overall market. So maybe it's a little bit more optimistic than we were saying last quarter, but it is slight really because, you know, it's really just slight, but it is little bit more optimistic.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Then, I would assume in the $0.16 range in the guidance?
Steven Paladino: Yes.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Yes. All right. Thanks guys. That's all I have.
Stanley Bergman: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Marsh from Barclays Capital.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Thanks. Just a couple of follow-ups if I could, first of all, just on the international headcount reduction, have you -- you talked about the potential size of the costs associated with that. What sort of headcount reduction are you envisioning and how is that compared to the total workforce in Europe. And then along those lines, you talked about this is going to be a good step to move to getting that business unit closer to US margins. Where are you now, and what is the realistic goal here for the next, say two years in your international business?
Steven Paladino: Sure. I remember the restructuring, you know, while it is concentrated in international and Europe, it does include also some US and North American position eliminations also. You know, we're probably looking out on a combined basis, you know, something north of about 100 people, Europe and the US markets. The savings that we are expecting from that will be you know, probably $8 million to $10 million on a full-year basis, but because those activities are not going to be completed probably towards the end of this quarter, it will be you know, less for 2010 because we won't get the full-year benefit in 2010. You know, with respect to international operating margins, you know we are continuing to make good progress. Today all in that probably at around 4.5% operating margins. You know, we do see them continuing to grow, you know, our goal remains to be above 6%, and it is important to note that while the goal is still above 6% because of some veterinary acquisitions with lower margins, it's effectively like we've increased the goal because we are absorbing them in also.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Right. I got it. So again 6% expectation or hope or anticipation here in the next two to three years Steve?
Steven Paladino: I would say the next 2 to 2 plus years.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Okay. Just -- great, and mechanically breaking out your US vet business under Butler Schein in the fourth quarter which is the revenue line item, or we are going to get into more details of that organization in the P&L except for revenues, would you have a back out -- assuming you have a big increase in your noncontrolling interest starting in the first quarter, you were ball parking what that number might be?
Stanley Bergman: Well, you know, we haven't given guidance on that specific number, but the plan for Butler and our veterinary business will be to break out the revenue similar to today the way we break out dental and medical and international. We don't plan on specifically showing, you know, the entire P&L, but we will in our conference call provide some additional information and color to the financials on the veterinary business, but it won't be shown as a separate you know, full P&L down to the bottom.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: All right, and you are still going to consolidate that along with everything else internationally, so we're not going to get any more clarification of vet international, is that right?
Stanley Bergman: Well, yes we would keep you know, today international includes dental, medical, and vet. You know, we'll think about doing it if it is of interest to investors as providing some color on the components of the dental, you know, medical is smaller than international. You know, really it is dental and vet that are the two big businesses today in the international business, and both the dental and vet businesses in Europe had double-digit local currency internal sales growth for this quarter.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Okay, second thing just back to Jeff’s question on the acquisition modeling, just to confirm when you brought in Butler, you were not anticipating them retaining the full line of Merial business, and the fact that that has been retained is incremental upside to what you had thought when you first announced this. Is that right?
Steven Paladino: Yes, Larry. That is absolutely correct and you know, remember we did when we announced, I think I said publicly that you know, we're not expecting to keep both brands, and now we are keeping both brands. So it eliminates significant risk from our acquisition model, and it certainly will have some upside but again it is too early. We are just in the middle of doing integration you know, with the Butler Schein business, you know, for us to you know, update that any further right now. We'll provide further updates, you know, as 2010 progresses.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: And two other quick things. Then you mentioned losing two sales reps, what sort of structure do you have in place to try to keep the people you want to keep, is there any sort of non-compete that are being offered, and signed, and how are we going to be thinking of the potential turnover given some of the overlap that we have with the combined businesses?
Stanley Bergman: Okay, well there is both non-competes that exists for salespeople as well as financial incentive to stay with the company. And I think it's really important to know that that you know, only losing two people is well ahead of what our expectations were in combining this business. So we feel that that is you know, a big positive at this point and you know, at least I believe that the most difficult period has been the first 60 days or 90 days as things are coming together, and the fact that we are well ahead of expectations in retention of sales people, I think will provide some upside benefits assuming that continues going forward.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Great, and just follow up to an update in a conversation we had last quarter, which was components of the guidance this year, it is obviously sort of high single digits, low -- I guess sort of high single digits, low double-digit of where you ended up with some potential benefit from flu. You sort of talked about some benefit of cost cutting in Europe, 8 million to 10 million and obviously Merial was a positive. So I guess are you reaffirming, you just want to be conservative, meaning you are not seeing a lot of top line acceleration in dental or is it you know that incrementally maybe it is -- you feel a little bit more comfortable in the sort of middle part of that range. I just want to make sure hear what you are trying to communicate today given the solid fourth quarter?
Stanley Bergman: Well, you know, I would say that we certainly feel more bullish about our guidance at this time than last quarter, and again as I said earlier even though we didn't technically raise guidance, we did absorb the $0.02 to $0.04 of Butler dilution. We did absorb you know, negative foreign exchange impact from the last quarter. So you know, right now I would say that you know, we are certainly you know, more bullish than we were when we announced the guidance. But you know still only February, the year has a fair amount of you know, things that will happen, and our goal is always to be you know, a little bit conservative on guidance. So we can ensure that we, you know, achieve or exceed guidance, you know, assuming some opportunities present themselves.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Okay. I will stop there. Very good. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill of JP Morgan.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan: Hi, thanks very much and good morning. And Steve just as a follow-up to that, maybe you know as we look at the guidance range, $0.16, I know it is still early in the year, but what of the key drivers to get you to the upper end of your guidance range, number one. And then number two, when I look at SG&A in this current quarter it was much higher than I'd anticipated. Was there anything one time that I should be thinking about backing out as I think about a run rate for SG&A going forward?
Steven Paladino: Okay, so on the first part of your question, you know, there is a lot of potential opportunities. You know, we talked about Butler and the integration efforts and the manufacturer situation and sales retention and sales growth. You know, there is probably you know three or four or five key items on Butler that could be you know, be upside to the model. I think you know, we believe that you know, certainly the US dental market is improving, now slight improvement but nonetheless it is improvement from what we've seen in the second half of '09. So we think that you know, one that needs to continue. I think equipment, I think a lot of people in the market you know, the practitioners, delay purchasing equipment. I think there is an opportunity sometime during 2010 where some of that pent-up demand will come out and people will buy equipment that delay buying in '09. Certainly, you know, we think that the restructuring you know, benefits what we believe we've estimated the impact of the restructuring. You know, there is potential upside to have additional benefits there. You know, so Lisa I think there is a lot of opportunities but again you know, we are reiterating the guidance today.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan: No, no. I was talking about the upper end of the guidance range, not above your guidance range. If you look at the range, right it is $0.16. There are clearly things that you are expecting that I believe that when you put the guidance together, you would say this is how we think we would get to a midpoint, right. And if things got materially worse, is it the bottom end. So, are these some of the things that would get you to the upper end and potential upside from Butler that the dental market improving, or those are above and beyond the current guidance range you have out there?
Steven Paladino: Really, the things I mentioned you know, are the areas that you know, could be better than, you know, could get us to the upper end of that range certainly. You know, so I would say that those are the big areas that I can think of off the top of my head. On the second part of your question, you know, one of the big items that for the year and for the quarter, you know, we did have a significant amount of one-time acquisition expenses primarily related to Butler. You know, the Butler costs in Q4 alone were about $3.3 million. I think I said earlier. It was a little bit higher than that if you include some smaller acquisition activities that were expensed. So it was probably about $3.6 million or $3.7 million in total, and that's just in the fourth quarter. And you know, for the year it is probably in the $5 million to $6 million of one-time acquisition expenses. That will be the big item, I think that you know, negatively impact our expense structure in the year. The other items I talked about, you know, when you compare our total expenses this year versus last year, you know, as I said earlier foreign exchange you know, by itself just contributed $70 million more expenses just because of conversion rates, and acquired company's expenses that were not part of the group fourth-quarter of last year contributed an additional $16 million of expenses. So those are the big items I would say that are in 2009 on the SG&A lines.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan: Okay, great. That's is very helpful. And then just one last follow up, on the flu vaccine sales, did you give us any update on the call, I apologize if I missed it.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, we said we achieved our goal of selling 2 million doses of flu vaccine for the quarter that brings the year sales of flu vaccine to 8.5 million doses, which is what we said on the third quarter conference call. So it was really right at what our third quarter target was. We are expecting by the way you know, for 2010 to go back to what I would call normalized flu vaccine levels, which will be in the 13 to 14 million dose range. So that's something that we're expecting for 2010 also.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan: Okay great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Close of Jefferies.
Richard Close - Jefferies: Yes, thank you. Congratulations. With respect to this guidance just to be clear, if your growth metrics really don't improve from what you guys just posted in terms of year-over-year growth do you feel the bottom-end of that range is attainable?
Stanley Bergman: Just Richard, when you say our growth metrics, you know, what are you specifically referring?
Richard Close - Jefferies: Well, you know, we saw a pretty nice improvement with respect to the decline in the equipment. You saw a nice rebound relatively speaking on the consumables. If they don't necessarily accelerate from here, is that like the bottom end of your guidance range?
Stanley Bergman: Let me answer it this way. You know, we're not looking for significant acceleration in order to achieve our guidance range.
Richard Close - Jefferies: Okay.
Stanley Bergman: You know, what we are doing again in 2010 as we did in 2009 is really try to be extremely realistic and conservative on what's happening in the market and you know, if it is a little bit stronger than what our expectations are good. It'll be a next pleasant surprise, but you know, we don't want to build an expense structure to conform to unrealistic sales expectations.
Richard Close - Jefferies: With respect to the Butler transaction fees, I think you said 3.3 million in this fourth-quarter, are all those transaction fees done. There is nothing occurring in the first quarter, just to be clear.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, that's correct because again you know, the transaction closed actually the first week of our fiscal Q1 2010, and all the of the cost we incurred prior to that. So there will not be any costs related to the Butler acquisition going forward.
Steven Paladino: However, there will be integration expenses.
Stanley Bergman: That's correct. There will be integration expenses.
Steven Paladino: We had estimated to be 2% to 4% dilutive, however, we are saying that we can absorb that within our stated guidance.
Richard Close - Jefferies: All right. I guess on a final question here if you can talk a little bit about on BIOLASE, I think they put out a 8-K talking about changes to their agreement with you recently. Can you provide any additional color there and any updates on how you see that business, and then finally the E4D as well?
Stanley Bergman: Sure. You know, on BIOLASE, you know, we are right now discussing with them. You know, we had our distribution arrangement, which was a one-year arrangement that comes to a conclusion, I believe it's at the end of March and we're talking to them about you know, continue a relationship and going forward, and at this time because we are right in the middle of discussions with them there is really not a formal update, but we do like the product, we would like to continue working with BIOLASE. I think they'd like to continue working with us and you know, hope when we announce our first quarter results we would be able to talk about specifics with that. With respect to E4D, you know, E4D did well again in Q4. I would say that you know, we were continuing to increase our market penetration on a number of total units sold. It happens to be one of the few equipment categories that's doing I would say well that as well as you know, digital equipment of the categories that are doing well on overall equipment, you know, well versus you know, what the overall market is doing, and you know, continued optimism for additional sales growth for E4D going into 2010.
Richard Close - Jefferies: And just I guess a final question here. I think you guys mentioned briefly about key metrics for Butler being achieved. Do you want to provide any more details on what those key metrics are?
Stanley Bergman: Well, you know, the few that have already been achieved is one on the manufacturer side that we’ve talked about a couple of times, where we are now selling, you know, the full suite of brands that were sold individually by Schein as well as separately by Butler. The sales force retention is performing you know, better than our initial expectations. That is the second positive, and right now you know, the first phase of the integration again is right in process and that all things seem to be you know, pointing to a very favorable integration. We don't have a big bang. You know, we will be doing an integration you know, in piecemeal. So again, you know, the comment really is right now we feel very good about the Butler transaction and the ability to you know, achieve the financial goals and maybe even have some upside potential, but you know, let us get to you know, some of this integration work before we update that further.
Richard Close - Jefferies: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And we have time for one more question. Your final question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Robert Willoughby - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Question [ph] to Richard, I mean, do you have any details on specific integration milestones for the Animal Health franchise in terms of distribution center consolidation or IT platform consolidations?
Stanley Bergman: Well, of course the complex integration plan that we've been working on for a while, and yes it's well thought out and there are milestones for specific activities relating to the integration and the merger of our two businesses Henry Schein Animal Health, and the analytic business into the Butler enterprise, and yes there are milestones.
Robert Willoughby - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, can you share any of those, I guess that is the question, I really didn’t doubt that you didn't have a plan?
Stanley Bergman: Well, I think Steven indicated that earlier on that we expect the integration to be completed by the end of the third quarter.
Robert Willoughby - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: And details in terms of does that entail five distribution center consolidations into one, is there anything that you could share with us?
Steven Paladino: You know, it's a phased approach. In total there will be a reduction of eight distribution centers on the combined business. It will be a phased approach where Stanley said phase one is actually occurring at the end of the first quarter, phase two during the second quarter, and the last phase in the third quarter. You know, but again because of internal reasons, you know, we want to make sure about, you know, we don't provide too much detail. I think next quarter as we announce things internally, we'll be able to provide little bit more detail on additional milestones.
Robert Willoughby - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Is there anything you could say Steve on just system consolidation, is that a major part of the program here or is that a smaller piece?
Steven Paladino: Well, we will continue to use the Butler systems for the combined business. Remember the Butler business is significantly larger than the Henry Schein business. So the key infrastructure that we're using is the Butler infrastructure. So, there is not really any change in the systems. It's really just migrating the Henry Schein and the old NLS animal health business that was also Henry Schein to the Butler systems, and I would say there are some you know, smaller modifications that need to be made on the Butler systems, but again there is really not any major IT platform change that is needed.
Robert Willoughby - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: And is there any estimate at all? This may be confidential just in terms of when sales reps will know their territories, and who stays and who gets moved?
Stanley Bergman: That's all announced. Really that was announced on the day of the opening of the new venture, really, the 4th or 3rd of January. That's all done.
Steven Paladino: Yes, we have the luxury of the time between announcement and closing, you know, there was a fair amount of time. So we were able to do the detailed work and effective as Stanley just said on the first day of January, whether it is the second or the third, the entire sales force knew all of their new territories and new -- really not new territories but new customer base. And that's why I think we feel very good about only losing two people today because the last 60 days I think was the most significant time period in going forward, you know, with financial incentives and with you know, non-competes and now being comfortable with that, their customer base. I think you know, the risk continues to drop off significantly going forward.
Robert Willoughby - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: That's great. Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: Okay. So thank you everyone. We've gone over the allotted time, but there have been a lot of questions today. So we thank you all for participating in the call as you can tell from our prepared remarks and responses to questions. We remain most enthusiastic about our businesses, our dental, our medical and our animal health businesses here in the United States. International businesses, our technology business, we've grown in market share. In all of these businesses we are seeing internal growth across the board, and we expect to continue to execute our strategic plan in a methodical way. So if you have any questions please feel free to call Steve Paladino at 631-843-5915, Susan Vassallo with a difference of the last four digits 5562, and we look forward to you participating in our call in another 90 days or so. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Susan Vassallo - Vice President, Corporate Communications Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer  Steven Paladino - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Director  
Analysts:  Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse Lisa Gill - JPMorgan John Kreger - William Blair Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird Derek Leckow - Barrington Research Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital Alex Becker - Goldman Sachs  
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein third quarter conference call. (Operator's Instructions) As a reminder this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Miss Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, Susan.
Susan Vassallo: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us today to discuss Henry Schein's third quarter results. If you have not received a copy of our earnings news release, you can access it on our website at henryschein.com. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein, and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin I'd like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forwardly booking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward looking statements. All those forward looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings.  The content of this conference call contains time sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of this live broadcast, November 4th, 2009. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call you limit yourself to a single question and a followup, before retiring to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question whiten the one hour timeframe we have allotted for this call. With that said I'd like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Susan. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us on this call. Our performance during the third quarter of 2009 was impacted by a number of unusual items, both on the income and expense side. These unusual items have been detailed on Exhibit B in this morning's earnings release. So I think it's very, very important as you listen to the call that perhaps you pull up the earnings release and specifically Exhibit B because it is a little complex and we will provide clarity on this call as to our numbers. The unusual items are notably, the overseas tax benefits in the 2009 third quarter.  Now, on a normalized basis we are very pleased than in the third quarter our growth in diluted earnings per share from continuing operations excluded these unusual items which include primarily the overseas tax benefit. And if you remove the impacts of the seasonal flu vaccine, then you will see that we had strong earnings per share quarter for the third quarter of 2009 with 18% growth. So if you look at our sales, our sales in local currency were up 7%.  We improved on our operating margin by 62 basis points, resulting in earnings per share excluding the flu vaccine of 18%. In addition, growth in our overall sales in all of our business units results in us gaining market share across the board. So overall if one takes out these unusual items, specifically eliminate the taxes and the impact of seasonal flu, I think you conclude that the 18% earnings per share growth is a good quarter, especially if one marries that with the cash flow which was very good both in the quarter and year to date.  We are today also introducing financial guidance for 2010, based upon prudent assumptions regarding sales growth and ongoing commitment to efficient operations we are expecting growth in diluted earnings per share of 8%-13% compared to the midpoints of our 2009 guidance. And just to clarify, in 2009 we grew taking into account the fourth quarter guidance that Steven will be confirming that we will have grown 8% and that's based on a year that was challenged by the macroeconomics, but also heavily challenged by our availability of seasonal flu which was significantly limited by the government’s orders for H1N1 flu vaccine and absorbed a significant amount of the flu vaccine capacity in this country. At this point I'd like to ask Steve Paladino to provide an overview of the quarterly financial results and I'll provide some comments on our four business groups.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stan, and good morning to everyone. Before we begin I'd like to point out that during the quarter we divested a small non-core dental wholesale business which had sales of approximately $14 million for the last 12 months. All of our current and prior year information has been restated to report this business as a discontinued operation. We also did report a gain on discontinued operations of $2.4 million after tax or $0.03 per share. Our prior year results are also restated to reflect the wholesale ultrasound business that we sold during 2008 as a discontinued operation also, as well as the adoption of new accounting regulations regarding interest expense on our convertible debt. The impact of this adoption on Q3 2008 dilated EPS was a reduction of approximately $0.01 per share and was a $0.03 per share reduction on a year to date basis.  Our 2009 third quarter results include a net benefit of $19.8 million or $0.22 per diluted share after tax, and that's related to an overseas tax restructuring and is net of associated expenses for that tax restructuring. Also, our other income in our P&L for the third quarter of 2009 includes approximately $1.5 million on a pretax basis which represents income from a legal settlement which was partially offset by a negative foreign exchange impact. We've detailed all this on Exhibit B and I will be referring to our income from continuing operations excluding these unusual items as non GAAP. And you can see on Exhibit B of the earnings release we've reconciled our GAAP income and EPS from continuing operations to our non-GAAP income and EPS from continuing operations. For Q3 of this year, these unusual non-GAAP adjustments totalled $21 million or $0.23 per share and are $18.3 million on a year-to-date basis or $0.20 per share. Let's now look at our net sales which for the quarter ended September 26th, 2009 were $1.7 billion and that's reflecting a 0.9% increase compared with the third quarter of 2008 and that consists of a 4% growth in local currencies and a 3.1% decline related to foreign currency exchange.  In local currencies, internally generated sales were down 0.6% while acquisition growth was 4.6%. Excluding sales of the seasonal influenza vaccine which declined from 49% room last year's third quarter, our net sales increased by 6.9% in local currencies. You could also note the details of our sales growth that's contained in the press release of Exhibit A that was issued earlier today. We look at our selling, general, and administrative expenses for the third quarter of 2009. They increased to $362.4 million from $360.2 million in the prior year's quarter. Excluding expenses which are included in that number of $1.6 million that are related to the overseas tax benefit that I just mentioned, as well as sales and expenses related to seasonal influenza vaccine business, our SG&A expenses on a normalized basis as a percentage of sales improved by 69 basis points compared with the prior year quarter. Looking at the third quarter's operating margin, again, excluding the expenses associated with the overseas tax benefit and expenses related to sales of seasonal influenza vaccine our operation margin for the third quarter of 2009 increased by 62 basis points over the third quarter of 2008. It's very important because of those unusual items to look at the details of our financial information. Let’s go to our effective tax rate for the quarter. The effective tax rate was 14% for the third quarter and of course this includes the reversal of approximately $21 million of valuation allowances related to foreign net operating losses. Our operating expenses, as I just stated, also includes that $1.6 million of direct expenses related to achieving this benefit. And it's important to note that this tax benefit over the next few years will be realized as positive cash flow for the company over the next few years. Excluding the overseas tax benefit, the effective tax rate for the third quarter was 32.5% and we also expect our effective tax rate to continue to be in the same range during the near term. Income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein for the third quarter of 2009 was $94 million or $1.03 per diluted share, and both of these figures are up 39% compared to the third quarter of 2008. Our non-GAAP income from continuing operations was $72.9 million or $0.80 per share and that represents an increase of 3.3% and 3.9% respectively when compared to the third quarter of 2008. Again, please note that Exhibit B to our earnings release reconciles the GAAP net income to the non-GAAP net income. As Stanley just mentioned when also excluding sales of seasonal flu vaccines, our non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations was approximately 18% growth. So again this is our best estimate of the normalized growth excluding all of those unusual items and excluding the negative impact of lower influenza vaccine sales. We believe that this is the most meaningful measurement of our performance during the quarter because the flu vaccine sales, while they are less this year; we do expect higher flu vaccine sales next year when production lows for such. As we now provide some details on our sales of the third quarter and we look at our dental sales for the third quarter of 2009, they declined 3% to $622.1 million, consisting of 0.5% decline related to foreign currency exchange and a 2.5% decline in local currencies. Internally generated sales decreased 4.9% while acquisition growth was 2.4%. Our consumable merchandise sales increased 1.3% in local currencies and that included a 1.8% decline of internal sales growth and a 3.1% growth due to acquisitions. We believe that this market continues to stabilize as our internal dental consumable merchandise sales were down approximately the same amount of 1.7% for the second quarter. Our dental equipment sales decreased 12.8% compared to the prior year in local currencies and that includes a 13.4% decline internally generated and a 0.6% growth related to acquisitions. As we perviously indicated, this compares favorably with the second quarter of 2009, our last quarter, where that decline was 17.5%. And as we said, the second quarter decline did reflect a difficult comparison related to Q2 '08, but the favorable trends of rate third quarter are still meaningful, we believe. If we look at our medical sales they were $410.6 million in the third quarter, a decrease of 3.1%. Our internally generated sales decrease was 4.2% and acquisition growth was 1.1%. During the quarter we sold approximately 6.5 million doses of seasonal influenza vaccines and that reprinted net sales of approximately $44 million for the quarter. This compares with approximately 10.5 million doses in the prior year's third quarter which represented sales of approximately $86 million last year. As of today we have completed selling a total of approximately 8.5 million doses of seasonal influenza vaccine for 2009 and we do not expect to sell any significant amount of additional doses for the remainder of the year. Excluding the sales of seasonal influenza vaccine, our internal medical sales increased by 8.6% and 7.2% of that growth was internally generated for the quarter. That 7.2% internal sales growth included about 3% which we estimate to be directly related to products related to the H1N1 virus and the balance of the growth was primarily due to strong sales of our medical group of consume products. On an overall basis we believe ether we gained market share in the medical arena and that's even excluding the incremental sales related to H1N1. If we look to our veterinary customers which is part of our medical group, sales to our visionary customers reprints about 15% of our third quarter medical group sales and they were very strong up approximately 14% for the quarter, all of which was internally generated. Turning to our international group, sales for the third quarter of 2009 were $583.5 million, up 8.5% compared with the prior year, and this consisted of 16.9% increase in local currencies and an 8.4% decline related to foreign currency exchange. Our internally generated sales increased 7% for the quarter and we had acquisition growth of 9.9% which was primarily related to the acquisitions of Novice in the Czech Republic, DNA Anthos in Italy and Media in Germany. We are very pleased to report very solid sales growth in local currencies in all of our major markets internationally.  We look at our technology and value added services sales for the third quarter of 2009, they were $43.2 million, up 5.4% compared with the rigor year. This consists of a 7.3% increase in local currencies and a 1.9% decline related to foreign currency exchange. Our internally generated sales increased 4.6% while acquisition growth was 2.7% and that acquisition growth primarily relates to an acquisition of the European veterinary software and practice monument business that we completed during the quarter. We also saw during the quarter within this group, strong continued growth in our electronic services business. If we now turn to the balance sheet and cash flow, our operating cash flow for the quarter was $138.8 million and that compares to approximately $50 million in the prior year's third quarter. So we generated very strong cash flow for the quarter and we continue to expect to achieve operating cash flow for the year in excess of our net income. We look at accounts receivable day sales outstanding from continuing operations they were 41 days for the third quarter of '09 and that compares to 41.3 days so a slight improvement compared to the third quarter of 2008 during a difficult economy. Our inventory turns from continuing operations for the third quarter were 6.3 turns and that compares to 6.6 turns from last year's third quarter.  We're also updating our 2009 guidance and it is as follows. For the fourth quarter of '09 we expect diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein to be in the range of $0.89-$0.91 per share. That would bring our 2009 diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein to approximately $3.14 to $3.16 and that excludes all of the unusual items in Exhibit B. I think it's important to note that this is well within the range of our original guide that we issued for 2009 about one year ago and obviously there were unusual and uncertain times that we issued this guidance and when we achieve this guidance that will represent a growth of approximately 8% compared with the restated 2008 results of $2.92. And last year also excluded the charges related to the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy a well as restructuring costs. So again, on a normalized basis, approximately 8% growth for the current year. As always our 2009 guidance is for continued operations including completed or previously announced acquisitions and does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions.  If we look now at our 2010 financial guidance we expect 2010 diluted EPS to be in the range of $3.40 to $3.56 and that represses an acceleration of growth to 8%-13% when compared to the midpoint of 2009 guidance. Our 2010 guidance is also from containing using operations and only includes completed or previously announced acquisitions.  Let me now turn the call back over to Stanley.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Steven. I'd like to begin my review of our business group’s part starting with the dental group. We continue to believe that the market for dental consumable merchandise has stabilized. More specifically, we believe this market contracted by low single-digit percentages compared with the prior year third quarter, but was largely flat sequentially. Our third quarter dental merchandise results are consistent with this trend. Aesthetic and elective procedures, we believe, continue to be impacted to a greater extent by the macroeconomic conditions. We believe we are beginning to see signs of improvement in the dental equipment market. Although sales are declining versus the prior year, our third quarter equipment sales are up modestly compared to the preceding quarter.  As I mentioned during lat quarter's call, we expected equipment sales declines to moderate somewhat during the third quarter and, of course, they have. In local currencies our third quarter decline of 12.8% compares favorably with a decline of 17.5 in the second quarter, although in the second quarter it was a little higher than it should have been because of the unusually high shipments of E4D in the second quarter of 2008 when we launched the product from a commercial point of view. We continue to experience correlatively higher demand for lower-priced equipment products. Also, the sales of basic dental equipment continue to be impacted more severely than sales of high-tech dental equipment, specifically areas such as digital which is not as badly impacted, the digital x-ray, and this was both into arms of numbers of units sold and in dentist training down, of course to the lower priced options. So overall we believe we continue to be gaining market share in a stabilizing dental US market both on the consumable side and on the equipment side and can say the same for our Canadian business. So in total we think we're doing better than others in our North Mercian dental business. Now let's take a look at our medical group. We are very pleased with the strong results posted by our medical group during the quarter, with growth of 8.6% excluding the sale of seasonal flu vaccines. This included internal growth of 7.2% which consists of growth of 5.9% to our physician customers and 13.9% to our veterinary customers. During the quartet we have strong sales of consumable products across the board, as well as sales of products related to the treatment and prevention of H1N1 virus and these relies to the visits primarily to physician offices. During the third quarter we sold approximately 6.5 million doses of seasonal flu vaccine and as of today we have compiled selling approximately 8.5 million doses for the year. As you know, our manufacturers cut us back in terms of available product and so we have sold everything that we've received and are not contemplating, at this point, receiving additional seasonal flu vaccine. At least that's not what's in our guidance. Now, if you we look at the H1N1 vaccine which has been in the news of course a great deal lately, I'd like to provide you with an overview of the situation and how it might affect Henry Schein. As you know, the H1N1 virus is a distinct strain of the seasonal influenza virus and vaccines now exist for both types of flu, namely the seasonal and the H1N1. The vaccine has been made available in both categories, for the current season. The McKesson Corporation has previously announced that they will be distributing H1N1 vaccine with their primary role being to distribute the vaccine in bulk to sites designated by the state health departments. We believe that Henry Shin is well positioned to compliment the work of McKesson to ensure prompt delivery of H1N1 vaccine to certain end users, and we have already been awarded business by several US states to do this, including California, the largest. These armaments are on a C for service basis and will be moderately profitable to us. In other words, the product is being given away free from the federal government and we will just be performing logistic services from McKesson to certain providers in the specific states. We may have the opportunity to work on behalf of additional states as well, although again, the logistics fees for doing this work is rather modest As you know, earlier this year we entered into an exclusive agreement to market nationwide the All scripts Professional Health Record offering through the Henry Schein national medical sales force. I'm pleased to report that since our midterm launch we have exceeded our target in terms of the number of qualified EHR leads, and those leads are beginning to translate into sales. In addition, North Shore Long Island Jewish Hospital system, one of the nation's largest systems, recently announced it will deploy the EHR, the Electronic Health Record system, which we are partnering with all scripts to sell. Together we will market all scripts EHR Solutions to the more than 7,000 physicals in the New York, and Long Island area. So the medical business overall, I think we're doing well, if you exclude the fact that we were not given the expected quantities of seasonal flu vaccine. The overall growth rate is 8.6% excluding sales of seasonal flu, and we think about a third of that relates to the sale of H1N1 suppliers. So overall we can see that on the medical side we are gaining market share in the sector focused on the physician practice. Now let's take a look at our international group. We are pleased to report sales growth in local currencies of 17% with internal growth of 7%. Indeed we are very pleased with this performance. We had double digit local currency sales growth in our dental, medical, and veterinary international businesses during this quarter and believe that as Steve noted earlier on, we're gaining market share in each of the major markets we're active in; dental, medical, animal health. We continue to leverage our pan-European infrastructure and we're realizing significant operating efficiencies over the coming years. These efficiencies will be increasingly important to our worldwide results as our international group represents a growing share of our company's operations. So here again on the international side we feel that we're gaining market share in all of the major markets. The international business remains an old business with great potential for the future, and so we believe that over time we'll be moving towards a situation where over half of our business will be generated outside of the North American customers. Let me conclude my review of our business groups with a discussion on our technology and value added services group. This group once again posted positive growth in local currencies up 7%, technology sales were up more than 9%, software sales 5% up in local currencies, while our electronic services business was up 19%. This group is doing well, not only on the numeric side, but is providing terrific value added services to our dental and our veterinary customers providing greater service to those customers from an overall point of view. Of course on the medical side we do have a small company in that area, but are primarily focusing our efforts virtually exclusively through the all scripts relationship. Our technology plays a key role in the overall business strategy. Not only do the products and services offered by this group help physicals to operate efficient practices and deliver high quality patient care, but oftentimes they are integral to serving advanced technology on the equipment side. They literally provide technology platforms for integrating various aspects of a practice, for storing, retrieving, sharing data, and ideally position Henry Schein for the sale of next generation high technology products. So again, we are very, very pleased with what is happening in our advanced technology solutions area and very pleased with the management team running that business. So as a closing comment before we take questions, we brought a new senior level executive on board in late September with responsibitlies that affects several of our business group.  Lonnie Scoff joins Henry Schein in the newly created position of President of Henry Schein's Global Healthcare Specialties Group. She has joined our executive management committee and has direct reporting responsibility to me. Lonnie's proven leadership skills honed at Roche Diagnostics will help drive our company's future growth by increasing our focus on the pursuit of businesses that compliments our North American and international groups. Her portfolio will include building our specialty businesses in dental, medical, and animal health, and expanding our exclusive and semi-exclusive products and service offerings.  The newly formed Henry Schein Global Healthcare Service Group that Lonnie will lead reflects the strong entrepreneurial spirit that has driven our company since we were founded in 1932 and in fact, exhibited in the 14 years since we've been a public company, yesterday being the anniversary of us going public 14 years ago. This group will be instrumental as we continue to transform Henry Stein to become even more reliant to our customers around the world and help drive the success of our customers' practices. Lonnie will be responsible for Henry Schein's global dental specialties working closely with George Gut of (ph), President of our group. Lonnie will also have to be responsible for Henry Schein's global exclusive brands and sales on these businesses will, from a fiscal reporting point of view, continued to be reported as part of our dental, medical, and international groups, as well as our technology group. So with that overview we feel that we're making and we continue to make very good progress, we're growing our market share, we had very good sales growth in our business units from a market share growth point of view. In local currencies we upped our operation margin 62 basis points, and if you take the 7% towline growth in local rerun, the 62% improvement in operation margin, you'll see that excluding flu and these one-time items, 18% earnings per share growth for the company in a time when the macroeconomic challenges are quite evident to all of us. So at this point let me ask if there are any questions that participants would like to ask. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator's Instructions) The first question is from the line of Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions, guys. I had just two quick questions. The first one, I was trying to understand the impact of currency on the quarter a little bit. I know on revenues it clearly impacted revenues by 5.9%, and Steve I think in your prepared remarks you were kind of going through and talking about some of the things on the expense side because the expenses were a little higher than what I would have thought, and in particular if I look at SG&A, you're kind of back to the levels where you were a year ago prior to all your cost cutting initiatives, so I was wondering if you could just elaborate on that at little bit more and maybe discuss how currency impacted it?
Steven Paladino: Okay. Well, currency definitely negatively impacted that. I know on a bottom-line basis, currency had a negative, just over $0.02 per share impact to our earnings per share. I don't have handy exactly what that did to the SG&A, but obviously that negatively impacted our SG&A lines as well. There were a couple of other things that I think you should be aware of regarding our SG&A. One I talked about which the $1.6 million of expenses is related to achieving the foreign tax benefit. That's sitting in SG&A expenses. It cannot be netted against the tax line on the P&L. And also, there is expenses related to the change in accounting for acquisition activity and that also negatively impacted our SG&A line as well as our EPS line, and that was about $0.01 per share. And just to remind people, the new accounting rules require certain expenses related to — acquisition activity can now be expenses in the P&L versus historically they were considered purchase price and part of the purchase price so they did not go into your P&L. So those are the few things that relate to why the expenses at least look like they're a bit higher, but in reality there is some normalization that you need to take into account. 
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: And so, Steve, is this a decent run rate or should these one-time items kind of dissipate and we should kind of trend back down to where we were the past couple of quarters?
Steven Paladino: Well, subject to foreign exchange translation which assuming it stays consistent to where it was in Q3 and excluding those expenses that are not expected to reoccur, the M&A expenses, I think were higher this quarter than typical quarters and certainly the tax expenses we expect to reoccur also. So I would say that yes, subject to those qualifications, the expense level should be consistent with this quarter.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Great. And then maybe just my last followup, if you could just help us digest the fiscal '10 guidance a little bit more. You're obviously forecasting 8%-13% EPS growth. Are we assuming that you're saying some positive continued momentum on the dental side potentially back into positive territory, maybe a little bit of deceleration in terms of medical and international given how high those sales are. Any kind of details to help us get there would be helpful. 
Steven Paladino: Well, I think there are a couple of things. First let's talk about foreign exchange. We are being conservative in our foreign exchange rates that we're using for our guidance. We are using a conversion rate that is less than what we are currently at. As you probably know the dollar has weakened pretty significantly. I think to the euro it's about $1.48, $1.49, something like that. We use a more conservative number for guidance purposes because obviously the predictability of that is difficult and our goal is to give guidance that is realistic and achievable. So that's baked in because that would be some headwind for our growth in 2010. The other thing is that as far as sales, I think that although we still feel that in our markets that the worst is behind us, that the markets have stabilized, we're not assuming in our guidance any significant increases in sales growth, especially in the dental market. Although we do expect to gain market share, we're trying to be conservative in sales expectations because while we believe the worst is behind us, we believe that the recovery in our markets will be more gradual and it's really difficult to estimate exactly as to what extent the recovery will benefit us. So again there's a lot of uncertainty in the markets and we feel that to be conservative is very appropriate.  And again, we're well within the range of the guidance for 2009 that we gave a year ago and there were a lot of different changes and uncertainties related to the recession that we navigated through and still are expected to deliver an 8% bottom line in a normalized EPS growth. So hopefully that provides you a little bit of color.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks for the comments.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Thanks very much. Steve, just following up on the 2010 guidance, can you maybe talk about what tour expectations are for any type of margin improvement? Historically you’ve talked about some basis point level of margin improvement. Is that built into your guidance? And then secondly, in your experience, how tied are dental sales to unemployment? So if we start to see unemployment somewhat flatten out, do we really need to have job creation before we really see those dental sales come back?
Steven Paladino: Okay. On your first question, we would expect continued operating margin expansion in 2010 and we are targeting a 30 to 50 basis point improvement in 2010. We still think there are significant benefits to be achieved, especially in our international operations, but throughout the whole company. So margin expansion is still something we're very comfortable with going forward for the next several years. As far as dental and unemployment, we do think that there is a good correlation between unemployment and dental numbers and I would say that at today's level, as long as unemployment doesn't dramatically increase, we think that unit sales will probably be relatively stable on the consumable side. New equipment we believe has more to do with lack of customer confidence in making capital purchases than the actual economics of what's going on in the dental practice. Because obviously while the dental market is down slightly, maybe low single digits for the year and most dental practices are making slightly less than they were, save some of the high end specialty areas, the average practice is still doing quite well. And to have such a holdback in equipment really is just — and again in our opinion not related to economics, but related to sentiment and lack of confidence. At some point we believe that that pent up demand for equipment will be coming out and will be a benefit to us.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Will you see any of that in the fourth quarter? I know there are still some tax incentives that are still in place for this year, are you starting to see any demand as we get through October and into November for equipment for tax incentives for this year, or not really?
Steven Paladino: I think there could be some small benefit related to taxes this year because it's always a benefit and there’s reduction planned of tax benefits expected. But I do think it's still a little too early to expect that we're going to see a major turnaround in equipment sales in Q4. I think it's really a sometime in 2010 event.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Okay. And then just one last followup to the 30-50 basis point margin improvement, can you just talk about primarily where that's coming from? Is it a mix of business? Is it that some of the expenses you took out earlier this year — how should we being thinking about modeling that?
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, it's not related to mix to any large extent. It is related to ongoing efforts both internationally and domestically to expand margins. I think people on this call know very well that we had a long-term goal internationally to have our operation margins expand to just over 6%. We've made good progress with that, but still more room to grow on operating margins internationally. That should be a bigger growth in margin expansion than US, but we still believe our expense management, both domestically and holding our cost down, will help contribute to margin expansion in the US. We're always looking to be more efficient and put in technology solutions that reduce expenses so there is an opportunity on sales mix should we gravitate to more higher margin products, but that's not assumed because we don't expect any dramatic changes in sales mix for next year. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair: Hi, thanks very much. Just to followup on Lisa's question, if you kind of look back at '09 it seems like you're going to get about 8% earnings growth on flattish revenue, it seems like at least in part due to some of those cost savings initiatives you put in places about a year ago. You're now telling us you think you'll have better growth in 2010. Steve, can you maybe just expand a little bit more on are you assuming a gradual market improvement during 2010 to drive that earnings growth improvement or will this be more about further cost savings and efficiency improvement within the company?
Steven Paladino: Well, we're not expecting to do any major cost saving initiatives at this time. We do expect that because of the comparables in '09 being lower; we do expect that we'll have sales growth in organic sales growth in 2010. We do expect that the markets will recover slightly from where they are, but we're really trying to be conservative on that, but effectively we do expect to get organic sales growth in 2010 and we really didn't get that in 2009. We're up 0%-1% organically in constant currency. We do expect continuation of good results in our medical and international businesses. They performed very well and I think sometimes that gets lost when looking at our numbers, so I point that out. And again, we're really going to manage our expenses very tightly because the economy is still what it is and while we think the worst is behind us, it's still not back to normal times.
John Kreger - William Blair: Great. Thanks. And then just a quick followup, gross margin, seemed like the year over year decline was little bit more than what we've seen in the last couple of quarters. Was that mix or anything else driving it?
Steven Paladino: Well it's mix and don’t forget, flu vaccine sales are down almost 50%. Everyone knows that as higher margin product and they're down 50% this year versus last year, partly because of timing because compared to last year, but mostly because of fewer products that we received from our key manufacturer.
John Kreger - William Blair: So if we would ignore flu vaccine would it be reasonable to assume that gross margin performance was pretty comparable to last quarter?
Steven Paladino: I didn't do the math on it. I know that was a bight contributing factor so I don't know precisely, but I certainly know that that was a big contributing factor.
John Kreger - William Blair: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird:  Thank you. Good morning, guys. Wondering if I can touch on Q4 guide at all? Steve, it looks like you guys are kind of assuming 2%-4% EPS growth and if I back out lower flu vaccine I think Q4 last year it was three or four pennies of flu vaccine and assume maybe a penny this quarter. So if I normalize for that maybe 3%-6% EPS growth in your Q4 guidance, so just trying to figure out or reconcile that with the 18% EPS growth you delivered this quarter on an ex-flu vaccine basis, why the stepdown sequentially?
Steven Paladino: Yeah. We haven't done it yet. We talked about the 18%, but we haven't done it because we typically don’t like to say our flu profits this year are X and last year were Y. And again, while you're running estimates I would ay that a similar thing is true and that that flu is the big driver of why profits on a year over year basis for Q4 aren’t showing up — it's more optics than reality.  And let me just explain a little bit why. While there was a little bit of as shortage in seasonal flu vaccine this year, we also saw our average sell price, and if you do the math on the number of doses we sold, it was about $70 per dose versus $84 per dose last year for Q3. So you have those data points here and you can do same math. So obviously a low sealing price and the reason for that was we quoted prices well before knowing what amount of flu vaccine we were expecting to receive, and we made a business decision that although we probably have some opportunity to sell at average higher resell price to customers, we felt that the incremental revenue based on what we quoted at versus the long-term customer relationship, it didn't make sense to do that.  So as part of our numbers we're actually seeing a lower average sell price this year than we were originally expecting.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: All right. Great, that's helpful. And then the followup to that, and it'll just be this follow-up, I'm assuming you'll quote higher for next year than given the demand that was there this year and what have you. You also talked about maybe some additional flu in 2010 I think you mentioned in the prepared remakes. So how do we think about the impact of influenza vaccine on your 2010 guidance that is the 8%-13% growth? Is that adding a nickel in 2010 relative to 2009 or just can you ballpark that at all for us?
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, let me say it this way because again, we prefer not to give specific net income on specific products, but we do believe that we'll probably be selling somewhere between 12-14 million doses this year versus the 8.5 million this year. So hopefully that will help you on determining the impact of that.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And just a last clarifying question, the acquisition cost you referred to in SG&A in the quarter, is that related to the European software deal this quarter? I’m assuming that's not related back to the other three deals that were done late '08?
Steven Paladino: No. It's in part related to the European vet deal, it's in part related to in-process transactions. Because today as you’re looking at transactions you have to expense as incurred. So you're expensing items before any acquisitions are completed. So it's a combination of both and it’s just that the activity, as we said recently, the acquisition pipeline continues to be very strong, we continue to see a lot of different opportunities and those expenses or professional fees primarily, in order to evaluate acquisitions have to be expensed when in prior years they were part of purchase price and deferred as purchase price.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Okay. So just so I understand, if you were doing due diligence on a sizable deal that didn't happen this quarter, those expenses of the due diligence would still fall through on the model?
Steven Paladino: That's correct. It's any expense, due diligence, professional eyes, evaluation fees — any expense incurred needs to be expensed when incurred so that the period that you incur it and you can't defer it until the acquisition is completed or not completed.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Understood, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Derek Leckow with Barrington Research.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research:  Thank you, good morning. My question is on the dental equipment sales comments. I mean, I want to make sure I understand your comments relative to the industry commentary that you provided, Stanley, and also some of the more specific items that relate to comparisons of last year. Is there a way you can provide sort of a mix commentary talking about the base equipment versus some of the high-tech products which actually fall into a different category if I look at this correctly?
Stanley M. Bergman: I think without getting to detailed, the decline is much less on the digital side. E4D is in positive territory, BIOLASE is quite a bit down, although the decline is improving quite nicely. On the ISI side there is some decline although it’s to as much as it was. And the area that there is quite a bit of decline is on the high-tech side of laboratory equipment, although we expect to have that moderated quite significantly and probably improved as E4D launches its laboratory version. The positional side is down more or less in line with the overall market, so I'm not sure if that's —
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research: Yeah, Stanley. That' very helpful. I just wanted to understand your comments relative to market share because you said you were gaining market share, but I just want to make sure I talk about the right categories here because it looks like we're seeing actually some market share go the other way as it creates to some of those digital products.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah. There's so little data available and one has to be very, very careful. Some of the numbers that are reported by our competitors or even by the databases are not necessarily apples to apples. There are upgrades involved. So we're comfortless that overall on both the consumable side in North America and on the equipment side we are gaining market share, but I think it's very difficult to pinpoint it to a particular category.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research: Well, I was trying to separate the basic equipment here which we all know was relatively soft, but still stabilizing, and I think the commentary around some of the financing as well as the tax incentives hopefully will provide some turn and certainly the comparisons will get a little easier in that category. Would you agree with that?
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah. I think baring nothing unusual like a significant decline in the stock market or something like that; I think the mood out there is a lot better. The ADA meeting in Hawaii wasn't helpful this year because there weren't too many customers, but I think it looks like we're going to have a very good — a greater New York meeting, and we're quite optimistic about the Chicago meeting. So if there's hesitation here it's only because it's so hard to predict the short-term mood. There's demand for output, no question, but are they going to buy it this quarter or next quarter, it's very hard to tell. There is lot of interest.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research: And are you guys providing any additional financing promotions right now or is there anything in the works that might help to get some of those decisions made a little bit earlier?
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, we always have good financing deals in the fourth quarter. I think the programs we have for the fourth quarter will be as competitive as in the past. I don't think we will lose a deal because of financing. There's a slight decrease in the number of deals that are approved, but nothing material. 100-200 basis points, instead of approving 91%, we're getting approval for 89% or so of deals requested. 
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Y our next question is from the line of Larry Marsh with Barclays Capital.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital:  Thanks and good morning, and if you addressed any of this, Steve and Stanley, please let me know as I missed the very beginning of the call. First back to seasonal and swine flu, Steve, thanks for the detail about this year. You're communicating 12-14 million doses for next year. I would assume that you're building in some conservative assumptions on margins so that it wouldn't be back to the levels of margins you got in 2008. I just wanted to confirm that. And then if that's the case, even if it was half the margins, it seems like if you back out the effect of flu then you're only guiding to sort of 7%-8% earnings growth apart from that, so just any more clarification on that would be great.
Steven Paladino: Well yeah, I don't want to go through the specifics but certainly we are trying to be conservative on margins on flu vaccine, because quite frankly until sometime mid-next year it's really hard to assess supply and demand and pricing. So it's important to be conservative this way that we don't have any expected downside that if anything we just have some potential upside. So that is the way we put together our guidance for this year.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: I see. And I assume that means you're pretty conservative with what you think average selling price would be as well.
Steven Paladino: That's correct.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Second question, Stanley, you sort of think about your international markets and certainly the largest single market for many, including yourselves, Germany. In your thinking of 2010, is there any expectation of any reimbursement changes post the election this year or do you feel like based on everything, you know there's not going to be any potential pressure on reimbursement changes there?
Stanley M. Bergman: We don't expect any dental reimbursement changes at all, in fact, at this time. The mood amongst dentists in Germany is pretty good. Our business is pretty good. The manufacturers have good products, both Kayo (ph) and Serono have good products, some of the others too. And overall our business is quite good on the full service side and even on the mail order side. So there's always a possibility on the medical side of some reimbursement changes, but really this is not material to Henry Shine.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Great, thank you. And just want to confirm, Stanley, I know earlier this year you had called out what you thought would be a trade down phenomenon on equipment, I know a couple of months ago your feeling was maybe a little bit more confident, but do you still have a view that those customers are still looking to trade down or do you think that's really topped?
Stanley M. Bergman: I think the trade down is still there, but it's not as market. I do think we are seeing good bites at the more expensive equipment at least relatively expensive because of course in the US the type of equipment sold is nowhere near as expensive as in Europe, but I think it's more or less stabilized. And I might add, by the way, on the consumer side on the dental side, the switch to private brand is also moderated, not the case on the medical side where it's up gain significantly, but on the dental side it seems like the switch towards private brand is moderated.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Okay, thank you. And then finally, Steve, you called out a penny of transaction costs that you now have to expense in the quarter, did you say how much of an expense you anticipate that to be for all of 2009 and are you kind of giving any ballpark or what do you think that's going to be, a bit higher or about the same, for 2010?
Steven Paladino: We're probably just assuming a very similar run rate because as you could imagine, it's really difficult to predict because acquisitions are lumpy as far as the timing of when activity occurs. So we're assuming really just a similar run rate for 2010 as 2009.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: But the penny is that quarter or do we annualize that and say about $0.04-$0.05 for 2009?
Steven Paladino: No, I don't think we'd be annualizing it. I think what happened this quarter and the reason why I called it out is where again, the lumpiness just seemed that a lot of costs all hit in Q3 and that all is not expected to be the norm so I would not say that we would expect a run rate of a penny per quarter. Probably a little bit more than a penny for a full year basis, but not annualized at that rate.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Okay. And just want to clarify, you're saying in your expectations, Steve, that to be conservative you're assuming currency is a headwind for 2010 versus 2009?
Steven Paladino: Yeah. Well, if you look at where the euro is to the dollar today, it's a tailwind, but we're not assuming a tailwind because it's a long time for the year and it's just hard to assume that it's going to stay exactly where it is today. It's possible where it is, but we are assuming a light headwind, yes. And that's again trying to be conservative, because that's something that if you speak to 10 economics you'll get 10 opinions on where the dollar is going to settle on average for the year.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Right, okay. But again you're saying a little bit of a headwind, maybe a couple of cents, $0.10 versus $0.09?
Steven Paladino: That's correct.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We have time for one last question. Your last question comes from the line of Randall Stan icky with Goldman Sachs. 
Alex Becker - Goldman Sachs: Hi. It's actually Alex Becker for Randall. Just a couple of quick questions from me. One, I think you guys are actually in a net cash position as of the end of the quarter, can you talk about what the longer-term capital structure targets are and what you have assumed for 2010?
Steven Paladino: Sure. Well remember, our guidance — we would still say that we still see good opportunities in fragmented markets to continue to consolidate in all of the markets that we're in so our cash flow would continue to go to grow the business primarily for acquisitions. We do think that although we haven't lately bought back any stock, we do think that a stock buyback is still in our plans going forward.  So the fact that we have a very strong balance sheet I think is a very good thing in today's market and economy and we would look to continue to use the capital as I just said. We're really not looking to significantly lever the business from where it is although a little bit more use of capital for strategic acquisitions and goring the business would certainly be a good thing.
Alex Becker - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And just to be clear, you have not ass used any share buybacks in your 2010 guidance, correct?
Steven Paladino: That's right.
Alex Becker - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And just a quick followup, do you have any sense for the size of the cash flow benefit that would result from your foreign tax restructuring? I think you alluded to it earlier in the call.
Steven Paladino: Oh yes, well of that $20 some odd million will be realized in positive cash flow, effectively — it's not cash flow in, it's reduction of income tax payments so it's virtually the same thing, over the next few years. So it won't all be one year, but it'll be over the next few years.
Alex Becker - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Do you know when you will begin to see the benefit?
Steven Paladino: Starting in 2010.
Alex Becker - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you everyone for participating in this call. I think you can see that our core business on the dental North American side, the US medical side, including our animal health business, our international group, our practice solutions group, and in general our business is making good progress across the board in terms of local currency sales, in terms of operating margin improvements, in terms of earnings per share excluding the impact of flu and these one-time net benefits on a tax side.  All of that, if you take that into account, 18% earnings per share growth and the cash flow for the year to date is very good. So we feel like we're making good progress, we're very happy with our report, and thank you all for participating in the call. Of course, if you have any questions, Steven can be reached at 631-843-5915, and Susan at the same number except it's 5562 as the last four digits. So thank you very much and we'll be back in about 90 day’s time. And for that shareholder who’s have been with us since we've been public, thank you very much for 14 years of support. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Vassallo - Vice President of Corporate Communications Stanley Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Analysts: Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse Alex Beckler - Goldman Sachs Derek Leckow - Barrington Research Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital Robbie Farah - William Blair Robert Willoughby - Banc of America 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein second quarter conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, the call is being recorded. I'd like to introduce your host for today's call, Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, Susan.
Susan Vassallo: Thank you, operator. My thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's second quarter results. If you have not received a copy of our earnings news release, you can access it on our website at henryschein.com. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein and Steven Paladino, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company’s performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein’s Securities and Exchange Commission filing. The content of this conference call contains time sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of this live broadcast, August 4, 2009. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today’s call you limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for this call. With that said I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Good morning. Thank you, Susan. And thank you everyone for joining us for a discussion on our second quarter results. We, as a company and as a management team, are very pleased to be reporting growth in diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of 14% to a record $0.81 and operating margin expansion of 65 basis points to 7.6%. Our financial results for the quarter demonstrate a strong commitment to efficient operations and prudent cash management. The markets Henry Schein serves are largely as we expected them to be during the quarter. We believe that we continue to gain market share across all of our divisions, both in United States and abroad, and we remain cautiously optimistic about the future and today, are affirming our 2009 financial guidance. In a moment, I will provide commentary on each of our four business groups, but first let me ask Steve Paladino to provide an overview of our quarterly financial results in some further depth. Thank you, Steven.
Steven Paladino: Thank you, Stan and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I would like to point out that our 2008 second quarter results are restated to reflect the wholesale ultrasound business as a discontinued operation as well as the adoption of new accounting regulations regarding interest expense on our convertible debt. The impact of this adoption on diluted EPS for Q2 was approximately $0.01 per share and $0.04 per share on a full year basis. Our net sales for the quarter ended June 27, 2009 were $1.61 billion, reflecting a 1.8% decline compared with the second quarter of 2008. This consists of a 7.1% decline related to foreign currency exchange, offset by a 5.3% growth in local currencies. Internally generated sales were up 0.7% and acquisition growth was 4.6%. You can note the details of our sales growth that is contained in Exhibit A of our earnings news release, which was issued earlier today. Our selling, general, and administrative expenses for the second quarter of 2009 decreased to $356.2 million from $374.1 million in the prior year second quarter. This $18 million decline in costs consists of a $12 million from expense reductions and $6 million as the net impact from the favorable impact of foreign currencies and additional SG&A costs from operations that we acquired during the period. As we have stated last quarter, our guidance for 2009 is based on conservative sales assumptions and aggressive expense management initiatives, and we are pleased that our second quarter and first half results reflect the effectiveness of our strategies. Our operating margin for the second quarter of 2009 of 7.6% was 65 basis points higher than the second quarter of 2008, as Stanley just mentioned. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.9%, down from 34.1% in the second quarter of 2008. For 2009, we expect our effective tax rate to continue to be in the 33% range. Our second quarter income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein was $73.5 million, which represents growth of 13.1% from the prior year second quarter. Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein for the second quarter of 2009 was a record Q2 $0.81 per share and reflects an increase of 14.1% over diluted EPS for the second quarter of 2008. Let me now provide some details on our sales results for the second quarter. Our dental sales for the second quarter of 2009 were $625.8 million and that was a decline of 5.1%, consisting of a 1.5% decline related to foreign currency exchange and a 3.6 decline in local currencies. Internally generated sales decreased 6%, while acquisition growth was 2.4%. When we look at our consumable merchandise sales, they increased 1.3% in local currency including a 1.7% decline in internal sales and 3% growth due to acquisition. Our dental equipment sales were down 17.5%, compared with the prior year in local currencies. We believe our dental equipment sales were impacted by three primary factors during the quarter. First, we launched E4D late in the 2008 first quarter, so late in last year's first quarter. So during the second quarter of last year we were filling some pent-up demand. Second, the overall economy was still relatively strong during 2008 second quarter and we had dental equipment growth last year of more than 12% making for a tough comparison. And third, we believe that market conditions for equipment in the second quarter continue to be challenging. With respect to medical sales, there were $350.9 million in the second quarter, an increase of 8%. Internally generated sales increased 6.7% and our acquisition growth was 1.3%. Of the 6.7% internal sales growth, approximately 3% was due to products related to the H1N1 virus and the balance of growth was due to strong sales primarily of consumable products. On an overall basis, we believe that we gained market share in the medical arena even excluding the incremental sales related to H1N1 virus. Sales to our veterinary customers, which represent about 18% of our second quarter medical group sales, were up approximately 8.2% in local currencies. All of that was internally generated. Turning to our international group, sales for the second quarter of 2009 were $591.8 million, which was down 3.8% compared with the prior year. This consisted of a 17.2% decline related to foreign currency exchange and a 13.4% growth in local currencies. Our internally generated sales of local currencies increased 4.1% while acquisition growth was 9.3% primarily due to the acquisitions of Noviko, DNA Anthos and Medka. We're very pleased to report solid sales growth in local currencies in most of our major marks internationally. Technology and value-added sales services for the quarter was $42.6 million and were 3.5% ahead of Q2 2008. And that consists of a 3.8% decline related to foreign currency and 7.3% growth in local currencies, all of which was internally generated. During the second quarter, we continue to see strong growth in our electronic services business. If we now take a brief look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow, operating cash flow for the quarter was $106.7 million compared with $125.3 million in the prior year second quarter. We expect to achieve operating cash flow for the year in excess of our net income, which is one of our key goals. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding from continuing operations was relatively unchanged in the second quarter at 39.7 days compared with 39.6 days for last year's second quarter. Our inventory turns from continuing operations for the current quarter was 6.1 turns and that compared to 6.7 turns in last year's second quarter. Let me conclude my remarks by affirming our 2009 financial guidance as follows. Our 2009 diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is expected to be in the range of $3.11 to $3.26. That represents a growth of 7% to 12% compared with our restated 2008 results. This guidance excludes the charges related to the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy as well as restructuring costs, and our 2008 adjusted EPS of $2.96 was restated for FASB Staff Position APB 14-1, which requires the recognition of non-cash interest expense related to our convertible debt. The EPS impact of that change for the full year 2008 was $0.04, and therefore, our restated 2008 EPS is $2.92. Our 2009 guidance also excludes effects of the restructuring costs that was occurred in the first quarter of 2009. And also, as always our 2009 guidance is for continuing operations including completed or previously announced acquisitions, but does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions. Let me now turn the call back to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Before I review some of the highlights of each of our four business groups, I would like to share with you thoughts on our national sales meetings. Our annual U.S. national sales meetings strengthen supplier partnership and our sales team's ability to help our customers operate more efficient practices, while providing quality care to patients. In July, we held the largest of these meetings, which is our national dental sales meeting. And in June, we held our medical national sales meeting. In addition to these two, we held our special markets meeting earlier this year and we will hold our animal health meeting in the fall. These four meetings include more than 2,400 team Schein members and nearly 500 supplier partners' participants. In an involved and intensive series of hands-on educational and training sessions designed to ensure that Henry Schein sales force remained the most knowledgeable and best equipped in each of the markets that Henry Schein serves. These annual meetings underscore the importance of partnership to our company's continued success. In the training sessions, there is significant opportunity for our team to share perspectives on best practices from the territories with their colleagues. Additionally, stronger bonds are forged with strategic suppliers as they have the chance for demonstrate their products' features of benefits directly to our sales force. But clearly the biggest beneficiaries of our annual sales meetings are customers as we position our sales consultants to provide expert consultative advice in support of our comprehensive offering of the premier dental medical and animal health products and services. This is particularly important today in this economically challenging time when office-based practitioners are seeking ways to increase revenue and reduce costs in their practices. Training sessions at the 2009 meetings held to date have included consultative skills to help customers build more successful practices, electronic health records and how customers can benefit from technology investments incentives under the health care reform initiatives. Financial services are also discussed to help customers through the challenging times and a wide range of new equipment and product introduction. These meetings were highly successful and have helped us move forward into the balance of the year with significant momentum. Now let me begin a review of our business group starting with our dental group, which let me remind the listeners is our U.S. dental business and our Canadian dental business, all of the North American dental businesses. We believe the market for dental consumable merchandise contracted by low-single digit percentages during the second quarter, which is consistent with our comments during our last Earnings Call. Aesthetics and elective procedures are, we believe, being impacted to a greater extent by economic conditions and so is the activity taking place in the dental lab. We also believe Henry Schein modestly outperformed the market during this quarter. While our internal consumable merchandise sales in local currencies declined 1.7%, this figure includes the impact of higher sales of private label products. Sales of such products increased 4% compared to the second quarter. Overall, we believe second quarter dental consumable merchandise suggested stabilization in the markets. Let me confirm that the bulk of our private brand products are in the commodity areas rather than the technique sensitive products, which are generally branded products. The commodity area is an area where dentists are seeking low-cost alternatives to reduce cost expenses in the practice. And Henry Schein has a highly regarded valued, private brand offering, so it's generic, branded and provides a very comfortable alternative to peg some of the higher priced commodity products. And so, our customers are choosing to purchase more of these products. They, of course, have a lower price than the branded products, but from a bottom-line point of view are approximately neutral. Early in the current quarter, we announced an exclusive distribution agreement with Dentatus for the Atlas narrow body implant system. This agreement covers not only North America (U.S. and Canada) but also Australia and New Zealand. And in those marks we are now able to offer dental practitioners the full breadth of dental implants.  The Dentatus Alpha system stands apart in this important and growing market with clear benefits that shorten healing time and increase patient comfort. In particular, the procedure requires no surgical incision and no sutures and can be performed using only a local anesthetic in a GP, general practitioner's office, in somewhere around an hour or less. We believe that in the U.S. alone approximately 50 million people could benefit from this technology and that about 6 million potential new patients enter the market each year. Now let's take a look at our dental equipment. We believe the market was down significantly as dentists continue to be cautious, when committing to purchasing equipment. Our quarterly decline of 18% in internal dental equipment sales and service revenue, and that is in local currency, also includes impact of higher demand for more moderately priced equipment. This is important. We are seeing a shift towards the demand for less expensive units of comparable functioning equipment. We first noticed this trend in final quarter of 2008 and we have seen it continue throughout the first half of this year. Our dental equipment sales growth comparison also reflects three factors that Steven mentioned. I just want to stress this. So, namely in the 2008 comparable quarter prior year sales for E4D were quite strong, unusually strong, because there was pent-up demand for the E4D product that shift in the second quarter of 2008 leading to very strong comparables for E4D in the 2009 second quarter. Also, we had a particularly strong dental equipment growth quarter during the second quarter of 2008. And, of course, in the 2009 second quarter we have the opposite, a challenging market for 2009 dental equipment. Although we are sensing that perhaps we reached the bottom of the declines in the dental marketplace and expect that the negative numbers on dental equipment will not get much worse even adjusting for these unusual matters that I've just described. As a final topic regarding our dental group, last month we were happy to be awarded a five-year renewal of a longstanding contract for various dental supplies and [web-based ordering systems used] to the U.S. Army, Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps as well as for the federal civilian agencies. This is a long-time contract and I believe the U.S. government is very, very pleased with our service in this area and by the way we have comparable type contracts in other countries as well, specifically in Europe. Let me now comment briefly on the medical group. We are very pleased with the progress our medical group is making. We outlined several of the major initiatives in previous calls. And the results have been a strong posting of sales, growth in the second quarter. This included internal growth of 6.7%, which consists of growth of 6% to our physician customers and a little more than 8% or around 8% to our veterinary customers. Now growth was positively impacted by strong sales of consumable products as well as by sales of products related to the treatment and prevention of H1N1 virus, including the antiviral drugs and infection control products. We continue to see strong sales growth in private label and particularly strong, I might add, in the medical world where physicians are very comfortable because of the history in the hospital in converting to a private brand product. And sales were up 18% in the private brand area. On overall basis, we believe we gained market share in the office-based practitioner market in the second quarter even excluding the incremental H1N1 related sales. So the internal growth in sales in our medical group was about 6% in the physician area and we believe approximately half of that or less than half of that actually was related to the H1N1 increase demand. Apart from that, the business is growing nicely and sales are somewhat depressed because of the conversion from branded to generic, low-selling price similar margins, but overall we believe we are gaining market share in the physician office arena. In mid-June, we announced an exciting exclusive partnership on the strategic side with Allscripts Professional Electronic Health Record, and we have begun marketing that product to physicians' nationwide, including the Henry Schein customer base of more than 100,000 U.S. practices. This product advances our mission of helping customers operate an efficient practice and develop a high-quality health care and further enables Henry Schein to serve as a one-stop shop provider for physician practice needs. Also, of course, given the Federal Government's significant focus and providing of financial incentives for physicians to adopt electronic health records, we expect that many of our customers will be looking for a quality solution and they're doing that in significant numbers. And we believe that we have a fine answer to that quest for the movement or addition of electronic medical records into the office-based practice. We will be acting as a sales agent for these products and as such, we will be recording a fee only, a net fee and not the sales. While we expect to record fees during 2009, we believe that incremental sales are going to start coming in next year when the Federal Government financial incentives kick in. And this agreement positions us well for 2010 and beyond as these incentives, of course, are made available. Now, let's talk a little bit about the upcoming flu season. We are now expecting to distribute between 8 million and 9 million doses of seasonal influenza vaccine. This is down from our previous expectation of 12 million to 13 million doses. This reduction primarily reflects a cut back in production of GlaxoSmithKline, which the company announced publicly yet despite this reduction we are affirming our 2009 guidance because of some mitigating factors related to flu. First, we look forward to increased sales of antiviral drugs, Tamiflu and Relenza, and to infection control products including face masks and hand sanitizers, both because of seasonal flu and because of H1N1 concerns. And also, I think it's safe to say that we expect greater price stability this year in the flu vaccine market in part because of strong demand for H1N1 concerns and awareness and part because of reduction in supply. Having said this, we are reaffirming our full year guidance that we gave back in November of 2008. Of course, the impact on sales resulting from the whole flu arena as I just prescribed will impact our earnings for the year. But at the same time, the overall strength in the business makes us feel comfortable with reaffirming the guidance that was provided back in November of 2008. Let's now look at our international group, where we are pleased to report growth in local currencies of 13% and most importantly with internal growth exceeding 4%. We saw particular strength in our international dental equipment and veterinary businesses, highlighted by our European dental equipment, up 15%. Some of that, of course, is related to the fact that the IDS show in Germany was held at the end of the first quarter and shipments therefore took place in the second and there is still some shipments to go, of course. But, overall, our European dental businesses with the exception of Spain and Italy where we have economic challenges continue to do very, very well. Then there is the European veterinary market and in our context up 22% in local currencies. We have discussed on previous calls our initiatives and targets regarding operating margin expansion in Europe. Among those, is migrating various legacy requiring among the areas that will continue to drive margin expansion in Europe, is the migration of various legacy computer systems gained through acquisitions through a limited number of common platforms including SAP, which is the major system we are using in Europe and JD Edwards in the U.K., which is the system we use in the U.S. as well and Canada. During the second quarter, we have completed the upgrade to SAP's latest release and we look forward to continuing the European rollout next year. As of today in addition to Italy, we are running SAP in Germany, Austria, Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg. We're planning to convert the remaining countries on the European continent over the coming years. This has all been discussed with investors and shareholders in the past, and we are moving forward in a very, very balanced and progressive way. I'm very pleased by the way to report that the international group's operating margin expanded 40 basis points during the first six months actually of 2009. Now let me conclude with the technology and value-added services group. The group once again posted positive growth in local currencies of about 7%. Software sales were up nearly 4% in local currencies, while our electronic services business was up more than 17%. This is the exciting part of this business, and we have a pipeline full of new ideas and upgrades and value-added services for the office-based practitioner. And let me remind you in that context that the technology group provides products and services across our entire customer base, both in North America and in a number of European countries and Australia and New Zealand. We strongly believe that advanced technology solutions are critical to maintaining our leadership position and are integral in operating an efficient practice while delivering high-quality patient care. And Henry Schein is committed to leading-edge solutions with, of course, developed internally or solutions that we may acquire distribution rights or outright acquisitions of companies with good solutions. So as a closing comment, I would like to extend on behalf of the company, our Board and our shareholders our sincere thanks to Dr. Margaret Hamburg, who has served as the Director of Henry Schein Company's Board since 2003. As has been known in public announcements, Dr. Hamburg left our Board following her confirmation as Commissioner of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. We would like to thank Dr. Hamburg for the insight she shared with the Henry Schein Board throughout the years and wish her continued success. So with that overview of our second quarter, I would like to thank you for your attention this morning. Now, operator, Steven and I are ready to respond to any questions that callers may have. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Stan, just a couple of follow-up questions to your prepared comments, you sort of suggested on the equipment side that were seeing a trade down into less expensive comparable equipment. Can you maybe give us examples of kind of what you are seeing and maybe how long you think that will persist?
Stanley Bergman: Glen, if you take it at its simplest form, the dental unit, which is the chair and the light, we are seeing a movement from the more expensive units to the less expensive units, maybe even manufactured by the same manufacturer. Likewise, we see the same on the X-ray side. The [ISI type] unit, the 3D unit is moving downwards a little bit at this time towards the 2D and towards the medium field of view. And so, I think the unit decrease is not as bad as the dollar decrease. I might add this is primarily a U.S. phenomena and a little bit in Canada. As to when it will end, it's hard to tell. But the sense we have perhaps we reached the bottom in terms of a decrease in equipment sales percentage decrease, we see that starting to mitigate. It's hard to give you an exact number because a couple of months is not a trend. I think the equipment sales reflect the sentiment of what people think with respect to the economy in general and the news that is coming out right now seems to be a little bit better than it was nine months ago. So, I think we are sensing a positive feel on equipment market side.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: So, Stan, if I hear you correctly it's not a credit issue at all. Dentists have no problems getting credit. It's just that they are a little skittish on the economy so they are just trading down temporarily we think?
Stanley Bergman: Yeah. When you talk about credit, it's a tad harder to get credit today than perhaps it was six months ago even. But we are still getting well over 90% approvals on our credit application. The FICO scores are being focused on a little bit more, but over 90% of our customers that are seeking at least are getting pretty quick approval.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: And then this is a U.S. issue and then you are not seeing it so much internationally, is that what you said?
Stanley Bergman: It's tad of an issue in Canada. But our sales in Canada are a little bit stronger than the U.S. and definitely non-issue outside of the U.S., at least, the credit issue.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Lastly, on the flu vaccine you obviously took your guidance down for traditional influenza, because of the GSK, but if I look at the government they have ordered almost 200 million doses of swine vaccine potentially for an autumn vaccination campaign. Could that be an opportunity for you to offset some of those lost doses? Is it anything you are at all considering at this point?
Stanley Bergman: Yes, Glen, we view the H1N1 vaccine anti-virals infection control products to be an opportunity, although we have not baked in much into our expectations and factored much in terms of profit. Neither the manufacturers of H1N1 vaccine nor the U.S. government have publicly discussed the distribution plans for the vaccine. So at this stage I think it's more prudent for us to not expect any incremental earnings in this area. But obviously, our customers, we do business with 100,000 practices and those customers are in the sweet spot of customers that would use these vaccines because of our traditional position in that marketplace. So I think we could expect some contribution, but really are taking a cautionary approach internally from a budgeting point of view.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randall Stanicky with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Beckler - Goldman Sachs: It's Alex Beckler for Randall, thank you. Just couple of quick ones for me. First, could you provide any color of who you are gaining market share from in the physicians' market and what specifically allows you to gain that share you think?
Stanley Bergman: On the physician side, I would say that we are doing well in the marketplace, in general. I don't believe there is anyone distributor that we are gaining market share from or one particular distributor that is losing market share. Having said that, we implemented a number of key initiatives over the past year. First of all, we had a number of brands that competed and we brought them all under one brand, under the Henry Schein Medical Group brand, and that took us about a little over a year in terms of systems to combine all these businesses under the Henry Schein Medical One Plan. And I think that's doing very well. Second, we are doing quite well now on the overall focus on some of these new larger customers that are emerging. And I say larger customers, multiple locations under common management; that's doing quite well. And I'm referring to our key physician business. We did shed a lot of low margin pharmaceuticals in previous quarters. That is no longer impacting our sales. And overall, our strategy of putting together a well-class field organization working closely with telesales and direct marketing is paying off. I think, strategically, we're focused on some of the specialties and of course, these larger groups that I just mentioned. And overall, this strategy is working out well and we believe that our medical group is heading in the right direction to continue to gain market share in the office-based practitioner field. There is some other areas that we are not focusing on as much today, but 90% of our business is in the office-based area and that's the sweet spot of focus including, of course, equipment and the digitalization of the office and that includes electronic medical records and software as well. Those are all the areas we are focusing on had paid off and will continue to pay off, we believe.
Alex Beckler - Goldman Sachs: Great. And then, Steven, I wanted to ask about your thoughts on capital structure going forward. Looks like you guys are paying off most of your senior notes next quarter. What's your view on the balance sheet leverage going forward from here?
Steven Paladino: We happen to be in a very good position. We have a strong balance sheet. We did pay off in early into the third quarter about $130 million of senior notes that matured. We paid that out of Treasury. I think we expect our cash flow to continue to be used for primarily acquisitions. I think, longer term, we will continue to do stock buyback, although this quarter we did not buy back any stock during this quarter. We are just being a little bit conservative on cash. We like having a strong balance sheet. We think it allows us to be opportunistic should there be a good business opportunity that [lies ahead]. And again, primarily for acquisitions would be our cash flow.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derek Leckow with Barrington Research. 
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research: In terms of the guidance, I think the upside in the second quarter sounds like it is being absorbed by the lower expectations for flu vaccine in the second half. I wanted to be on those factors, get into the dental consumables internal growth rate expectations and then at the size of the opportunity as it relates to operating margin in Europe. I think that's still operating at well below average, and there is a pretty big opportunity to improve the margin in Europe. So those two factors I wondered if you could spend a little time on those?
Steven Paladino: Derek, let me comment first on overall guidance. When we look at our full year guidance, we did reaffirm our guidance on this press release. And I think there is a couple of things to consider. First, we wanted to continue to maintain a high level of competence of achieving our guidance. Two, as Stanley said in his prepared remarks, we do have a reduced expectation for flu vaccine availability, originally from 12 to 13 million doses and now we were expecting 8 to 9 million doses of flu vaccine. Another point is our guidance does not assume that the markets are going to improve during the second half of the year although we hope that they will improve and we do believe that we are seeing signs of stabilization and the potential for improvement in the second half. Our guidance also does not assume any potential opportunities that could be from H1N1 either vaccine or related products during the second half. And the last thing is that we're also being conservative on dental equipment and while we do believe that dental equipment sales growth will be improved in the second half from what we are seeing, our decline will be less in the second half because a couple of the factors that I mentioned impacted Q2 will not continue to exist. That is namely the E4D pent-up demand, which was a one-time event for Q2. And we also believe that the comparables will get a little bit easier, primarily in Q4. So we do believe that dental equipment could be a little bit better. Specifically as you ask about international, we are pleased with the progress that our international business is achieving and expanding operating margins for the quarter. Our international group had over 4% operating margins, about 4.25%. And again that was a little over 40 basis points of improvement for the quarter. We are getting that steady increase in international. We expect that to continue. Our goal of achieving over 6% operating margins is still intact and we believe that we will be getting there in the next couple of years. I think that answers the bulk of your questions. I'm not sure if I missed anything, Derek.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research: Let me just ask one quick follow-up on the dental consumables. So it sounds like you are saying from your point of view the guidance assumes an internal consumables growth rate what we are seeing, but it sounds like the comparison does get a little bit easier. So should we kind of expect a little bit of an improvement in the consumables area?
Steven Paladino: Well, I think we were hopeful that that is a good possibility. But again, our guidance, you know, has been structured all year on trying to be very conservative on sales expectations, so we continue to have that built into our guidance. And again that will give us a high level of confidence in achieving the guidance for the second half of the year and for the full year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Great. So Steve, just want to make sure I understand on the guidance here. As I do the math, if you take the influenza vaccine guidance down to 8 million to 9 million doses that probably shaves 3 pennies to 4 pennies out of my model. Are you saying you are not including any expectations for increased consumable supplies, antivirals, infection control, what have you on the medical side from H1N1? You are just leaving that out of the model, so truly it's a 3 to 4-penny reduction in the back half of the year from flu that isn't being offset by anything else in the medical segment?
Stanley Bergman: Well, we were not assuming any continued benefit because of H1N1 related products typically during the summer time when influenza goes dormant. Typically, we would not expect to see it during the summer time, but there is a possibility that in the fall and the winter months, we could see a spike. But again, we're not assuming that in our guidance. We want to maintain realistic and conservative sales growth. And just to remember, Jeff, that the reduction in flu vaccine comes from GSK, which is our most profitable flu vaccine that we sell. Its profitability is greater than the proportionate amount of the reduction.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Fair enough. So safe to say that EPS impact could be a little greater, is what I'm taking there anyway. And then couple other questions, kind of one-off questions. Some talk about nationalized dental care in Australia, and obviously there has been an increase in exposure there. Is that a good thing or a bad thing? And then just also interested just on the Dentatus acquisition, the agreement with Dentatus? I know a year ago or so, we were talking about bringing CAMLOG into the U.S. a little more aggressively, is that not going to happen now because of Dentatus or how can those two coexist in the U.S.?
Stanley Bergman: Jeff, first of all on Australia and New Zealand, we are not expecting an impact from any government reimbursement. In fact, our sales of equipment are quite good in Australia and New Zealand, and we don't expect to see much of an impact there. Second on Dentatus. The Dentatus product does not compete with the traditional CAMLOG dental implants. It's a narrow body implant, sort of a mini implant, with a particular utility for fastening in dentures and it doesn't compete there with the traditional CAMLOG product, but rather rounds out implant offering. We think that the Dentatus Atlas system stands apart in this important and growing market. I think the implant market continues to be a good market and we are continuing to grow our implant business in the U.S. I don't think we ever said we were not, but it's relatively immaterial compared to a total of Schein. And so the growth of our implant business in the U.S. as a percentage of the base continues to do quite nicely, but it's relatively immaterial to the whole of Schein.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Great. And just going back to Australia, Stanley, if they went nationalized dental care that would not be an opportunity at all on the consumable side?
Stanley Bergman: Yes, I mean, there maybe an opportunity but I think it's far too soon. We are quite happy with our Australia and New Zealand businesses. They are doing well. We continued to do well on the market share growth, internal growth, we continued to expand our offering. We have an excellent footprint on the software side, continue to invest in that and overall it's turned out to be a very good market for us. But we aren't counting on any special wins from any change in reimbursement at this stage.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Steven, I was wondering if you could walk us through on the guidance, really how you get to that upper end of the guidance range. I heard a lot about what's not included in there. We heard about flu and then it's probably even more than $0.03 to $0.04. What's the expectation of the upper end versus the lower end? Is the upper end of the guidance still achievable this year?
Steven Paladino: Certainly, we believe that the upper end of the guidance is achievable otherwise we would not have our range to include that upper end. It's hard really to specifically say what factors would need to occur. I think we tend to be conservative on our guidance. I think that's something that we want to maintain. There is uncertainty obviously in the market, although we do think the market has stabilized and has the opportunity for improvement. It allows for if there is changes that are unexpected, should flu vaccine come in even a little bit less than our expectation, should the dollar continue to strengthen? There are a number of uncertainties that are out there that we want to make sure are covered. Again, the short answer is we feel that the top end of our range is also achievable and that's why it's included as part of our range.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Is it mainly driven based on sales expectations? I mean you have done a really good job of controlling costs and we've seen that come through in the numbers. But is that really what the expectation is on the upper end of the range that sales will start to improve in the back half of the year and you are starting to see the signs of the recovery and that's where the upper end comes in to play?
Steven Paladino: Well, it is mostly related to sales impact. Again, even on the high end of our range we are being conservative on sales expectation. So we do not need a significant improvement in sales expectations to achieve the high end of our range. But it is directly related to sales because as you said the expense initiatives that we've completed -- they are already completed and we're seeing that benefit in the first half and will continue in the second half of the year.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: So the expense side is down, so now if you can increase the sales you are saying there is more leverage than there historically has been even in the model. I mean, you had leverage in the model before, but because they're taking out those incremental costs, you will have more leverage if the sales start to come back?
Steven Paladino: That's the right thing. Look at what we are doing to the operating margin. The operating margin expansion is above our normal goal of 30 to 50 basis points. We believe that will continue for the second half of the year; that will get very strong operating margin and that's really on a worldwide basis. Internal sales growth is slightly up and it's up 0.7%, local and internal sales growth on a worldwide basis. The margin opportunity on increased sales growth is very significant for us.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Is there anything that we should be thinking about, again not to belabor this, but it is a $0.40 range versus what you did in the first half of the year? So, is there any additional cost cutting or any other big items we should be thinking about from a modeling perspective?
Steven Paladino: No. Right now we feel comfortable that we've done. We're always trying to be efficient on expenses. I don't want to say that we are not always looking to save expenses. Restructuring costs that we completed at the beginning of Q1 is done, and we have no further expectations to do anything like that for the balance of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Marsh.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Just a couple of things. On the H1N1 opportunity, when do you think you will see some resolution around supply chain decisions and product distribution, given the significant amount of purchasing? And maybe could you reflect on the viability of selling a product like that direct as an alternative of going through you and others as a distribution channel?
Stanley Bergman: Well, that's very hard, Larry, to determine when the government is going to be making an announcement. There are quite a few meetings going on, advisory meetings, different kinds of consultative discussions and at this time we can tell that no decision has been made on direction. If the volume or product is in fact available and it’s available in a short window of time, it's hard to believe how any one company can distribute this effectively. In fact, we are hearing from the states that they would like to see several companies be in the distribution channel, including our company. But it's very hard at this stage to get a sense of when the product will be available, will it be available? How many distributers will be in the distribution? I think it will be hard for the government to sell it directly and bill for it directly. However, I don't think it's even clear whether government is going to give this vaccine away or it's going to be in one way or another selling it through the distribution channel? But I can't imagine the government actually selling and then billing for it.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Right. But it seems like that decision is to be made in the next two months I would imagine. What do you think?
Stanley Bergman: Sooner the better. Sooner the supply chain can (inaudible) in an efficient way. I think it will be hard to tell the exact week that the products will be made available, even the exact month because of manufacturing challenges and who exactly is going to be the first to market. But I would think that there are a lot of requirements here that needs to be sort through quickly, not only the vaccine but also the supplies that go along, [required] to actually provide inoculation.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: I guess to the point then let's just say there is some sort of announcement that perhaps you are involved. You are saying at this point you wouldn't know whether that might be a small fee associated with your participation. Maybe there is no margin associated with that net of your costs or it might be a more traditional vaccine-type margin that you have seen historically. Is that right or do you think you have a better visibility how it might play out?
Stanley Bergman: No we don't have a visibility. Anything is a guess. But my guess at this point is it's more in the nature of a fee, (inaudible) services rather than the government selling us the product and then us making the market.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Right. And so if there is a fee that would mean there would be a smaller implicit profit on that than your traditional flu relationships?
Stanley Bergman: Very hard to tell, I'd say so.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Second. And you started talking about the trade down phenomenon on equipment, I really started hearing from you very early this year and it continues to be the case. At the same time, it seems like your participation and providing financing alternatives to your group of partner banks has expanded. And earlier this year, you talked about a third of all purchase is through your partner banks. Has that changed at all in terms of the mix of where your customers are getting financing and where is that percentage these days?
Steven Paladino: We still have our bank group that is continuing to be in the market and wanting to do more business with our type customers. We have expanded our market share and what we are financing. I don't know the exact percentage off the top of my head, but I know that even on lower revenues with equipment sales declining 18% for the quarter, we increased our financing by 2% or 3%. We are financing more business. I continue to believe that although financing is tougher now than it was a year ago. It is a competitive advantage for Schein because not everyone has access to financing for their customers and we're financing more than ever before.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Two other quick things. One on the international side. I know you're pleased with how the IDS went early here in March, and it seems like it has filtered down to a good momentum. As you look out in the next year or so, are you concerned at all about reimbursement specifically, say in Germany with election there for sometime in 2010? Or you feel cautiously optimistic that the tone will be reasonable next year?
Stanley Bergman: There are elections sometime next year. Don't expect the government to turn to doing reimbursement that quickly. I think for several quarters out probably four at least the reimbursement won't have any impact at all. I don't think so. It is possible that it might have an impact on the visit to the dentist. The purchase of equipment is very much tied into the sentiment in the market in general, and right now it's not great but it's not that bad. And unless there is an economic shift we don't see much of a change in sentiment towards purchasing of equipment.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Finally just to summarize, I would imagine you guys have to be pleased here in this kind of environment. Year-to-date you are posting sort of mid-single digit top line and mid-teens earnings growth. So, I hear you on the cautionary statements second half of the year. But I mean, I have to believe you are extremely pleased with your performance in this environment. Is that a fair statement?
Stanley Bergman: I think, Larry, you are correct and we, of course, are optimistic, but these are still uncertain times. I think at least internally we believe we have hit the bottom in terms of decrease in sales. I think some of our strategies particularly in our medical group are starting to pay off. Dental group has always had good strategies. We think we're gaining market share across the board, but I think it's better to remain cautious on the top line at least until we talk to you again next quarter. It's true that the comparables gets a little bit better say for September and for the other three months of the year and we built our budget and risked on opportunities for the remainder of the year along the lines of cautionary sales. I think that's where we should keep it. Having said that, you watch TV or read the newspaper the sentiment is a lot better than it was perhaps the last time we all spoke.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
Robbie Farah - William Blair: Hi, good morning. This is [Robbie Farah] in for John today. Guys if you think about the quarterly progression of sales in your different businesses, how did the trends progress from April through June and then even into July?
Steven Paladino: Well, it's not the same for each business. We did see for example in the medical business in part because of H1N1 related sales. We did see strong beginning part of the second quarter, but then a lot of that benefit directly related to H1N1 subsided at the end of the quarter. With respect to dental, I would say that on equipment we saw our backlog continue to grow at the end of the second quarter. So that gives us optimism for the second half of the year. Obviously, if we turn to international for international perspective, we did see the benefit that we were expecting coming out of the IDS show, but it continues. The consumable business in our European dental markets continues to be good. I don't think I've seen any significant up or down movement since the quarter end. So again we are tracking with slight improvements that we are seeing earlier into the third quarter, but it's still early in the third quarter, so I don't know if it makes a trend just yet.
Robbie Farah - William Blair: Got it. Just as a follow up to your IDS comment, excluding IDS would we have seen dental equipment sales that were comparable to the U.S. and Europe? And should we expect that for the second half?
Stanley Bergman: First of all, we had some pent-up demand from the fourth quarter into the first because of tax reasons then we had the IDS. But the sentiment with respect to dentists buying and even physicians buying equipment in Europe is nowhere near as down as here. So, may not be as robust as a year ago, but I think it's more in line with positive to slightly negative. It's not material. It's about flattish, maybe a tad positive.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one last question from the line of Robert Willoughby with Banc of America.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America: Looking at the inventory days they've trended unfavorably. Is there anything structural here or if not what are your initiatives to work those inventory days down?
Steven Paladino: There is nothing structural. We believe that there is good opportunity to work down inventories. Remember, some of the additional inventory because of some of the acquisition activity we did at the end of Q4, so it takes us normally at least a couple of quarters to work down that inventory. But we are hopeful that we will see some improvement in inventory turns for the second half of the year.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America: I think of the inventory in terms of revenues by business line, did the inventories largely match up as on a percentage basis with the revenues? If your dental sales are X percent of your revenues, will that equate to same amount of your inventories?
Steven Paladino: I would say generally that's true but there are exceptions. For example, on the medical side there are some pharma companies that are delivering product to us in virtually every 10 day or a 2-week period, so that inventory may turn a little bit faster. Depending on grade points for volume discounts, we may need to achieve certain minimum order sizes to get the best possible price. But I would say as a general rule, your statement is correct.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America: The vet business up 8% percent or so, all organic? Did you have product launch or what drove that performance?
Steven Paladino: It was all organic. I think we're clearly taking market share on our veterinary business because the market is now nearly at 8%. We've seen some strong growth in some of the flea and tick products on our veterinary business, but no acquisition growth is included in that number.
Susan Vassallo: Okay, operator, I think that ends our call at this time.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stanley Bergman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Susan Vassallo - Vice President of Corporate Communications
Analysts: Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse Lisa Gill - JP Morgan Jeff Johnson - Robert Baird Robert Willoughby - Banc of America John Kreger - William Blair Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital Alex Becker - Goldman Sachs David Woodyat - Keeley Asset Management
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Henry Schein first quarter conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein’s Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead Susan.
Susan Vassallo: Thank you, operator and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein’s first quarter results. If you have not received a copy of our earnings news release, you can access it on our website www.henryschein.com. With us this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company’s performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements.  Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein’s Securities and Exchange Commission filing. The content of this conference call contains time sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of this live broadcast, May 4, 2009. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call.  I ask that during the Q-and-A portion of today’s call you limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for this call. With that said I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Susan. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. The markets that Henry Schein serves continue to be challenged by the macroeconomic factors, in particular in the United States and conditions were largely as we expected them during the first quarter. We do remain committed to managing our expenses and we are most pleased to report growth in diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, of course excluding the restructuring costs and we do in that context report 14% EPS growth for the quarter. Our operating margin excluding restructuring costs once again expanded nicely, up 77 basis points to 6.4%, which was primarily driven by fits of expense management.  We do continue to be cautiously optimistic about the future and today are affirming our 2009 full year financial guidance and most importantly, Henry Schein continues to have a very strong balance sheet with $308 million in cash at quarter end and access to cash capital at favorable rates. I’ll provide further commentary on each of our business groups a little later in the call, but first I’ll ask Steve Paladino to provide an overview of our first quarter financial results. Steven.
Steven Paladino: Thank you, Stan and good morning. Before we begin, I’d like to point out that our 2008 first quarter results are restated to reflect the wholesale ultrasound business as a discontinued operation, as well as the adoption of new accounting rules regarding interest expense on our convertible debt.  The impact of this change in accounting rules and the adoption on our EPS for Q1 was approximately $0.01 per share and $0.04 per share on a full year basis. Also our 2009 first quarter results include a restructuring cost of approximately $4 million related to the completion of the expense reduction program announced in November 2008. So for purposes of comparison, I will discuss our first quarter results from continuing operations, excluding the impact of these restructuring costs and I will refer to those results as adjusted results from continuing operations. You can find a full reconciliation of our GAAP net income and EPS to our non-GAAP adjusted net income and EPS and that has been included in our earnings press release as Exhibit B. Our net sales for the quarter ended March 28, 2009 were $1.49 billion, reflecting a 2.2% decline compared with the first quarter of 2008 or a 5.5% increase in local currencies. Internally generated sales were up 0.5%, while acquisition growth was up 5%. You can find the details of our sales growth in Exhibit A of our earnings news release that we issued earlier today. I think it’s important to note that our quarterly sales growth comparisons were negatively impacted by three factors related to the economic environment. While these factors are difficult to quantify with any absolute degree of accuracy, we estimate that in total, these combined three factors had a negative impact on our first quarter sales growth of anywhere between 1.5% to 14 percentage point.  Let me go through each of those three factors. First, we continue to experience a shift towards lower priced private label products from branded products. Second, in our dental equipment business, we are seeing a trend towards more moderately priced equipment from higher priced brands.  Third in our physician business, we continue to see a negative impact from the greater demand or movement towards lower priced generic pharmaceuticals from the branded products, as well as some manufacture shortages on certain vaccines. Please bear in mind; while these are adversely affecting our top line growth, they are in total neutral or slightly favorable to our bottom line.  If we looking at selling, general and administrative expenses, for the first quarter of 2009 they decreased to $346.1 million from $355.4 million in the prior year’s first quarter. This $19 million decline in expenses consists of $12 million from expense reductions and $7 million as the net impact from the favorable impact from foreign currencies, netted by additional expenses from operations that were acquired, so acquisition of companies. While we are very pleased with the results of our expense management initiatives, we caution that the $12 million expense reductions in Q1 is not a quarterly run rate or an annual run rate due to timing impacts, as well as one-time expense savings. As we stated last quarter, our guidance for 2009 was based on conservative sales assumptions and aggressive expense management initiatives and we are pleased that our first quarter results reflect the effectiveness of our strategies. Our adjusted operating margin for the first quarter of 2009 was 6.4% and was 77 basis points higher than the first quarter of 2008 as Stanley mentioned earlier. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 33.2% and that’s down from 34.0% in the first quarter of 2008. For 2009, we expect our effective tax rate to continue to be in the 33% to 34% range.  Our first quarter adjusted net income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein Inc. was $57.6 million, which represents growth of 11.9% from the prior year first quarter. Our adjusted earnings per diluted share from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein Inc. for the first quarter of 2009 was $0.64 per share and that reflects an increase of 14.3% over diluted EPS for the first quarter of 2008.  Let’s now go through some detail on our sales results for the first quarter. As I mentioned earlier, please note that all of our distribution operations sales were negatively impacted by some or all three of the factors that I previously discussed. Our dental sales for the first quarter of 2009 were $597.2 million, representing a 2.4% decline in US dollars or a 0.4% decline in local currencies. Internally generated sales decreased 3%, while acquisition growth was 2.6%. If we look at our consumable merchandise sales, they were 1% ahead of the prior year in local currencies, and that includes a 2.4% decline in internal sales growth. Our dental equipment sales were down 5.1% compared with the prior year, also in local currencies. Turning to our medical sales, they were $327.4 million in the first quarter, a decline of 1.2%. Our internally generated sales decreased 2.4% and acquisition growth was positive 1.2%. I also like to note that our sales to our veterinary customers which represents about 17% of our first quarter medical group sales were up approximately 2.7% in local currencies and all of that growth was internally generated. Turning to our international group, sales for the first quarter were $523.7 million, and that’s down 3% compared with the prior year. However in local currency, our sales increased 16.2% with 5.8% internally generated and 10.4% acquisition growth, primarily due to the acquisitions of Noviko, DNA Anthos, Minerva and Medka. Foreign exchange currency had an adverse negative impact of 19.2% on our international sales growth. We continue to be very pleased to report solid sales growth in local currencies in most of our major international markets, with double-digit internal sales gain in local currencies reported in Australia and also New Zealand.  Our technology and value added services sales for the quarter were $40.3 million and were 3.9% ahead of Q1 of 2008. This included 8.8% growth in local currencies; all of which was internally generated and a 4.9% decline related to foreign currency exchange. During the first quarter we saw continued strong growth in electronic services as well as financial services.  Let’s quickly take a brief look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow. Our operating cash flow for the quarter was negative $27 million, and that compared to $13 million in the prior year’s first quarter. It’s not atypical for us to see negative cash flow in the first quarter and we continue to expect to achieve operating cash flow for the full year in excess of our net income. I’d like to remind people on the last quarter’s conference call we discussed that our Q4 operating cash flow was positively impacted by about $40 million to $50 million from the timing related to year end vendor payments and obviously in Q1 of this year, that timing benefit reverses and negatively impacted our first quarter operating cash flow. If we look at our accounts receivable days sales outstanding from continuing operations, they were 43.1 days for the first quarter of 2009 and that compares to about 42 days for the first quarter of 2008. Also our inventory turns from continuing operations for the first quarter was 5.7 turns and that compares to 6.3 turns in last year’s first quarter. Let me conclude my remarks by affirming our 2009 financial guidance as follows. 2009 diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein is expected to be $3.11 to $3.26 and that represents growth of 7% to 12% compared with our restated 2008 results. This guidance excludes charges related to the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy in the prior year, as well as our restructuring costs. Our 2008 adjusted EPS of $2.96 was restated due to FASB Staff Position APB 14-1, which requires the recognition of non-cash interest expense related to our convertible debt. The EPS impact of that change for the full year of 2008 was $0.04 per share and therefore our restated 2008 EPS is $2.92. Also our 2009 guidance excludes the effects of restructuring costs and as for continuing operations including completed or previously announced acquisitions; that does not include as always the impact of any potential future acquisitions. Now, let me turn the call back to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Steven. I would like to review some highlights of each of our four business groups. Starting with our dental group first let me comment on our views of the U.S. dental market and then we’ll discuss an exciting strategic acquisition we announced earlier in March of this year. We believe the market for dental consumable merchandise was down in the low single digits during the first quarter. Our 2.4% decline in internal consumable merchandise sales in local currency, reflects increased sales of private brand products, which increased by 6% compared to the first quarter of 2008. Private brand products are priced lower than the branded products, as customers increasingly look for value in their purchases; a higher contribution of private label products takes growth of our top line. Let me emphasize though, that Henry Schein remains a national brand company, we market and do all we can to advance the sales of our national brand products, but leave it up to the consumer, our customers to choose, if they wish to select a lower priced, private brand product. Of course, the Henry Schein private-brand product is known for quality and of course is therefore a desired offering for those customers that are seeking to reduce costs of products purchased. Looking at the dental equipment side, we believe the market for dental equipment sales is down mid to high single digits in the United States. Our quarterly decline of 5.1% in dental equipment sales and service revenue in local currency reflects our belief that dentists are being more cautious in capital equipment expenditure.  One illustration is a trend, and this trend is higher demand for moderately priced equipment products. I commented on this trend of trading down a price point for certain types of dental equipment during our fourth quarter conference call and we have seen it continue during the first quarter.  There is strength in certain aspects of the dental equipment market, particularly where increased productivity and return on investment can be clearly demonstrated. For example, our E4D CAD/CAM System continues to perform very well. While other categories colluding dental lasers and 3D imaging, specifically on the higher end are more challenged. Digital X-ray is also a growing category.  An encouraging sign in regard to the U.S. dental market was the recent Hinman Dental meeting last month in Atlanta. The conference was well attended with more than 16,000 dentists, dental hygienists systems and exhibitors on-site. Indeed this conference was better attended and more upbeat than we expected.  Amongst product categories where there was the most interest were high-tech equipment, including of course the digital X-ray, CAD/CAM, DENTRIX practice management software. A few weeks prior to this meeting in early March, we announced our acquisition of Ortho Organizers, a full line manufacturer and distributor of orthodontics products here in North America and abroad as well. Ortho Organizers has approximately 20 sales representatives, primarily in North America and posted in 208 sales of approximately $30 million. The products are sold both domestically and also abroad. This is a strategic purchase for Henry Schein as orthodontics is a $1.2 billion global market, including about half in the United States. Ortho Organizers is highly regarded within this important market segment. Ortho Organizers offers the innovative Carriere LX self-ligating bracket, which has proven to shorten orthodontic procedure time and increase patient satisfaction. In today’s economic environment, this represents another way for Henry Schein to help dentists operate more efficient and profitable practices. The market for self-ligating brackets is a high growth one and is estimated to have grown by more than 40% from 2006 to 2007 in the United States and Canada. We believe that the high-value proposition that Ortho Organizers offers our customers will be yet another value-added service that Henry Schein will bring to the dental marketplace. Ortho Organizer’s President and CEO George Guttroff has been appointed President of Henry Schein’s newly formed Global Dental Specialties Group and we welcome George and his colleagues to team Schein. We will as a company continue to focus on the orthodontic side of the dental marketplace as well as the implant side, as well as the endodontic and periodontal side, including of course the oral surgeon. These are all areas that Henry Schein today has a relatively small market share, but together with a full line of consumables, pharmaceuticals and equipment present an interesting opportunity and we believe a well received opportunity to the dental community. Let me now turn to our medical group. The group is executing through its strategic plan and is addressing changes in the healthcare marketplace. As is true across all of Henry Schein’s operations, our medical group is performing against a tight expense-control program.  During the first quarter, our medical group was one of two distributors awarded the opportunity to service the non-acute physician clinics to help trust purchasing group. We also are one of two distributors supporting a [Amarante’s] launch of an enhanced surgery center solutions program, which is a comprehensive menu of tools and resources targeting the ambulatory, surgery center market.  Also during the quarter, we signed and expanded exclusive agreement with Medline for the physician office and ambulatory surgery center market. Of course, we work with a wide array of purchasing groups and other organizations in the medical marketplace that are servicing the office based practitioner market needs.  As with our dental group, medical group growth is being impacted by higher sales of private brand products, which are up in this instance for this group 14% versus the prior year. Medical group internal growth rates during the quarter was also adversely affected by increased use of generic pharmaceuticals, as well as the manufacturer’s shortages in certain vaccines. Overall we are very pleased with the progress our medical group continues to make in adapting to the changes in the medical arena in the United States, including our healthcare services group in the medical group, which is focused on the larger group practices and the networks that are emerging in this marketplace, all in response to healthcare reform, cost containment and in fact, finding ways to provide further access to healthcare. We are very pleased with our results in this area and excited about the future of our medical group, as well of course as our dental group and animal health group, and accordingly across all of North America, which now leads me to turn to our international group, where we are pleased to report internal sales growth in local currency of nearly 6%.  We stood to see particular strength in Australia and New Zealand were internal growth in local currencies was nearly 12%, and our European veterinary business where internal growth in local currencies was 9%. Our Pan-European dental strategy also continues to work very well for us. As you may know product exclusives are an important part of our business strategy and represent a key competitive advantage for Henry Schein.  In March, we expanded our relationship with BIOLASE technology to include exclusive rights to the BIOLASE dental lasers in several European countries; more specifically we are now selling Waterlase and Easylase in the United Kingdom, Belgium, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Spain, Germany and Austria. We look forward to bring innovative BIOLASE products, including the new Waterlase MD Turbo to dentists in these territories, while continuing with our exclusive agreement covering the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. The BIOLASE product offering is, we believe the leading in its field and although somewhat challenged because of the economic environment, we remain optimistic about this category. We did announce our expended exclusive relationship with BIOLASE, at the International Dental Show, the IDS which was held in late March in Cologne, Germany. This is one of the largest and most important gatherings of dentists from across Europe and it’s held every second year. All of the major vendors have a presence at this trade show, which typically is a good indicator of the dental equipment markets in particular in Germany.  This year’s show was very well attended and we were encouraged by the high traffic at our booth. Typically, dental equipment sales was somewhat slower in the months leading up to the show and then orders tend to come through during the subsequent two quarters, and in this incidence the third and the fourth quarter of 2009. This year, our equipment orders were up quite nicely compared to the 2007 show, that’s the show of two years ago. As mentioned during last quarter’s call, effective for the start of 2009, we focused our European structure to be consistent with our model in North America. Instead of being organized by geography, our European operations are now organized by customer segment, namely dental, medical and animal health. In the first quarter 2009, our international business was comprised of 69% dental and 31% medical and vet. The reorganization which we announced back in November of 2008 has been fully implemented.  We are pleased with the management team that is running our international team, of course headed out by Michael Zack, who will shortly be completing his 20 year with the company, but in particular also with Michael’s team; Bob Minowitz, President of the International Dental team, specifically focused on Europe; David Brous, Animal Health and Medical; and Graham Stanley on the financial side. Let me now conclude with a review of the technology and value added services group. This group once again posted positive growth in local currencies, up nearly 9% during the quarter. Software sales were up more than 4% in local currency, while our electronic services business was up more than 20%. Financial services revenue flexed a 3.5% growth in equipment and practice financing.  Let me also note that we are generally in a position, specifically in the United States, but also abroad to provide financing to office-based practitioner customers and are still running at about a 95% approval rating for requests for financing of equipment in the United States. Let me now close the prepared remarks with the fact that we are proud to announce that in March of this year, Henry Schein was once again named most admired in its industry in Fortunate Magazine’s 2009, a list of the World’s Most Admired Companies. Of course, there are 1400 companies that are considered for this list. Contributing to our position as an industry champion, we’re number one rankings in six of the nine key attributions of reputation. These six include use of corporate assets, quality of management, long term investment, quality of products and service with global competitiveness and of course social responsibility.  This is the fifth year that Henry Schein was named number one in its industry for social responsibility. We are particularly pleased about this and that it enables us to drive shareholder value, but also provide what is of interest to our customers and to our suppliers and of course to team Schein. It is truly gratifying to be admired for our business practices and the qualities of our company, along with some of the most respected names in the Global Business Community. Receiving this designation is a source of great pride for the more than 12,500 tem Schein members around the world.  It is their commitment to serving our customers and giving back to society that has made this achievement possible and has driven shareholder value consistently for the almost 13 years that we’ve been a public company. I’d also like to mention that the recent Fortunate 500 list of America’s largest public companies includes Henry Schein at number 389, continuing our steady rise on this list.  So, with that overview of our first quarter, let me thank you for your attention this morning. Operator, we are now ready to handle and respond to some questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Stanley I just wanted to follow-up on some comments you made regarding your equipment sales. You seem to suggest you saw some success at the recent international show and you sort of suggested that we should see an up-tick in equipment sales over the next couple of quarters. Do you think that will be true again this year in light of the current environment; did you see kind of a down-tick heading into the show and do you think that will pick up in the next couple of quarters?
Stanley Bergman: Yes Glenn. I think we mentioned in our last quarterly call, that there was quite a bit of sales pent up at the end of the fourth quarter last year because of a tax change. Then we experienced the German dentist; and I’m referring to Germany now, alright. The German dentist then also held back a little bit more waiting to see what particular promotions were available at the show. Although, we had a decent quarter in terms of equipments in Germany in the first quarter; we did see our backlog expand quite nicely at the show and all things remaining equal, we do expect to see a greater sales in dental equipment in the second quarter and third quarter of 2009 versus 2008 or indeed 2007, where we did have a successful IDS2 specifically related to the German market.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Then Steve just as a follow up to that, I kind of missed your comments on the SG&A run rate. I think you said something earlier in the call that what we should expect in terms of that expense run rate?
Steven Paladino : Well, what we did say is, if you look at the reported reduction in SG&A expenses for the quarter, they were $19 million of reduction in expenses, but we did point out that because of foreign exchange netted by acquired companies, that really $12 million was related to expense reductions in Q1, not the full $19 million. The rest is mostly foreign exchange offset again, by the acquisitions. I do want to point out that while we were really very happy with that expense savings and that has been our strategy to forecast realistic sales growth and to get to our bottom line to tight expense management, that $12 million is not a number that should be annualized, because there is some one-time expense savings that will not be repeatable going forward. We’re not giving a specific number on expenses other than to say we feel good about the job we’ve done in expense reductions in Q1, and we will continue to look for further expense reductions, to help balance our EPS growth for the balance of the year.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Steve, if I hear you correctly, you are sort of suggesting that $12 million is not a sustainable run rate and so essentially your SG&A may tick up as we go throughout the year, but yet to kind of hit the range of guidance you are talking about, we should see EPS increase sequentially throughout the year.  I know we obviously get the flu benefit in the back half of the year; is there anything else that I should be thinking about that will lead us to believe that the back half should be much stronger than the first half?
Steven Paladino: When you look at the growth level, clearly when the recession hit sometime during the third quarter, the comps get easier on the back half of the year for us, especially in the fourth quarter when the recession was in full swing. So again, we feel good about our balance.  If you look at the balance of the year guidance, the high end of the range is double digit EPS growth for the remaining three quarters. Our guidance was designed to have a high confidence level in achieving it, and again we’re happy with Q1 results. I think we’re off to a good start.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lisa Gill - JP Morgan
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan: Steve, can you maybe just talk about the progression of what you’re seeing as far as consumable sale go. Were things starting to recover as we got into March and you probably have an idea of what April looks like. So are you filling that confidence, because you are starting to at pulse through?  Secondly, can you explain to me, when we think about your private label product or we think about generics, I normally think of those as having a higher gross margin contribution, so can you talk about what that contribution is from those products and how we see it flow through the income statement?
Steven Paladino: Sure, on your first question, I guess we remain cautiously optimistic about the markets, we have not seen the markets really change, so I think we have kind of seen the worst as behind us. We believe in what the markets are doing, but it’s really difficult to say at this point. I guess we are being cautiously optimistic that the markets will not get worse; I am not sure they’re going to get so much better that quickly, but at least we’ve seen it stabilize. On private label sales, there’s two points. It’s a lower sales price that we’re selling product, but at a higher margin, so higher gross profit percentage and when you get to the bottom line, it’s relatively neutral to slightly positive for us at the operating or pretax line on an absolute dollar amount.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan: So if that were the case, why were gross margins down about the same as what you saw sales would be down? My expectation would be that, sales would be down more and gross profit would be offset. Are there any other factors in there that I’m not thinking about?
Steven Paladino: It’s really all sales mix between all of our businesses. So, we’re not seeing further price pressures in the markets that we’re in and private label sales, remember only represents about 9% of our worldwide sales, so perhaps some impact if not a huge impact.
Lisa Gill - JP Morgan: Just one last follow-on; historically you’ve given us some color around expectations for that the next quarter for the modeling standpoint. Do you want to give that this quarter?
Stanley Bergman: Well, we didn’t give specific, other than to say that we do think that because of market conditions last year, that the second half of the year has an easier comparable on the bottom line as well as the top line. So, I would say that our balance of the year will accelerate during the second half of the year and we’ll still get growth in Q2. I think that it will be stronger in Q3 and Q4 because of easier comparables.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Johnson - Robert Baird.
Jeff Johnson - Robert Baird: I wondered if we could talk on dental equipment here on North America. We’ve been hearing early in the year that the dental equipment market was trending down 10%, if not a little bit more than that, even at the distributor level 10% or more, but it became back here very nicely at the end of the quarter.  I know, you don’t like to give too much inter quarter-to-quarter color, but can we talk about kind of the marks trends and into April? Are we seeing a bit of recovery on the dental equipment side at all Stanley or how should we think about that?
Stanley Bergman: Jeff, it’s very hard to spot specific trends. What we can confirm is that digital X-ray is strong; D4D is strong; lower priced equipment we can see trading down from the higher priced chairs for unit’s lives down to the lower price. We see the 3D going from the high end to the medium field of view. Financing is available. Overall, I don’t think one should read anything into whether the market is 5% down, 10% or 8%. Dentists are relatively busy, they are investing with a need equipment and although at the margin some of the expensive equipment may not be selling at this moment, including lasers for example, dentists are looking and I think the second they get a feel that the economy in general is picking up a little bit, we’ll see sales quite promptly taking place.  So the market is a little sluggish, but overall dental equipment is being sold and the equipment that I outlined a few seconds ago, we are shipping, no question and the booths are busy and I just happened to be up in Canada; the show was relatively well attended; we did sell quite a bit of equipment on the floor, but it’s hard I think to detect a trend from eight weeks, two months one way or another.
Jeff Johnson - Robert Baird: Steven, just two quick follow-ups for you; within equipment it was kind of middle of the quarter when you started offering some financing specials, I believe if I’m correct there. Should we think about that having a little bit of a margin impact going forward and maybe not the year-over-year expansion we saw in Q1 continuing. Obviously you gave us some other reasons why that might not happen as well, but does that contribute?  Number two; could you give us a percentage of your medical business that is private label just as we think about that impact?
Steven Paladino: Sure. On equipments, I would say that we’re going to continue to provide exciting equipment financing for our customers for the balance of the year. We really do think that it has helped, so I would say that we’re going to continue at similar or maybe even additional financing opportunities for the balance of the year. On your second question, I don’t have a specific number for what the total medical private label sales is, but I do know that it was growing and continued to grow very rapidly and it was up almost 15% on medical private label sales in Q1. It was up a similar amount in Q4, so it’s growing very rapidly and we’re seeing our physical customers even more so than our dental or veterinary customers really migrate towards private label product.
Jeff Johnson - Robert Baird: Thanks, and Steve not to believer, but on the dental equipment financing, is that having any kind of an impact at the margin line, understanding that it helps support the top line, but any impact at all that we should be thinking about on the margin line?
Steven Paladino: Yes, it has had a small negative impact on the top line. We did more financing at the end of Q4 and as well as Q1 and again, we’re trying to say that we would expect that to continue for the balance of ‘09.
Jeff Johnson - Robert Baird: But nothing getting bigger?
Steven Paladino: Yes, nothing bigger, that’s correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Willoughby - Banc of America.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America : Steve a couple of balance sheet questions; the inventories I guess trended higher and I would have thought perhaps they would have come down. Were there special buys or anything in the quarter that you participated in?
Steven Paladino : There was really nothing significant on special buys. I think that what we’ll be doing is continuing to focus on inventory management. We do believe that there’s some opportunity for the balance of the year to improve our inventory turns, but nothing that I can recall that’s unusual.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America : No skew in equipment or consumables or anything, the acquisitions themselves that they skew it possibly?
Steven Paladino : Yes, I think the acquisition has definitely increased inventory levels, because until the acquired company is integrated, we’re running redundant inventories in two locations. So, I think that’s probably a bigger reason as to why inventory levels are up, but again, we do feel like that we can bring them down over the balance of ‘09.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America : Any sort of guess, I mean would you be flat year-over-year in inventory, by the end of the year?
Steven Paladino : Well, flat to year-over-year. I would say we have to at our turns. We traditionally have been in the six point low single digit turns and we were a little bit below that. So, I would say that we’d like to be above six turns for the balance of the year.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America : Any reason why goodwill was down sequentially, something like $23 million?
Steven Paladino : On a year-over-year basis, it’s related to foreign exchange. I think it’s the biggest reason.
Robert Willoughby - Banc of America : The year-end December though to March, that’s FX?
Steven Paladino : I have to check. I believe it is Bob, it’s primarily FX.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Kreger - William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair : Steve, I know you don’t normally give us a lot of additional granularity to guidance, but given how dynamic this year, can you give us any more help with the underlying kind of revenue trend and margin improvements that you’d expect to support the full EPS guidance that you gave us for the year?
Steven Paladino : Well, I guess our guidance is based on the markets continuing to be as we saw in Q1; relatively sluggish. Stanley gave some color on that. Dental is probably overall down, at least the low single digits in total with equipment down further. Medical is probably similar. International may not be quite as much and we’re really getting some good traction in international, but I guess we’re really trying to build our guidance based on, no significant improvement in market trends and really get to our EPS guidance through tight expense management, but hopefully that will turn out to be, when we get to the second half of the year, that we’ll start seeing some up tick in the markets, but that’s not what our guidance is based on.
John Kreger - William Blair: Another question Steve, what are you doing on the bad debt side? Have you increased your allowance at all? Have you seen any deterioration in collections?
Steven Paladino: That’s a good question. Our bad debt is based on the aging on our receivables and we have seen a slight increase. I think it was one day on our worldwide DSO increase. So therefore, we have increased our bad debt, because as things get a little bit older we’ve increased it during the quarter, but it really is a very small exposure for us. Generally, our bad debt as a percentage of sales is below one-tenth of 1% on an annual basis. So, even if it’s slightly higher, it’s really very small for our overall business. Really, what we’re seeing is if you look at our accounts receivable, we’re not seeing the over 90 day balance growing. In fact that’s actually in very good shape for us on a worldwide basis.  We’re really just seeing some customers, who typically paying 30 days or 35 days, maybe now they’re paying in 40 days or 45 days. So, maybe they’re stretching us a little bit, is really what we’re seeing in the aging, so nothing that I’m concerned about.
John Kreger - William Blair: Then just one last question; if you look across your global operations, do you have any particular markets where you’re seeing continuing weakening?
Steven Paladino: Again, it’s really difficult to say. In Europe, I would say there are two markets that the economy has hit really very hard and that’s the Spanish market and the Italian market, which the unemployment levels are very high and I think those markets are probably under more pressure than the rest of Europe or the U.S.
Operator: Your next question comes from Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: This is Adam Feinstein, calling in for Larry. A quick question; I guess you guys mentioned strong growth in Australia and New Zealand. Could you remind me I guess roughly the size of that business and the specific businesses here and over there?
Stanley Bergman: We’re really just in the dental market in Australia, New Zealand. Let me see if I have an estimated sales number; it’s probably about 3% of our worldwide sales, so just under $200 million and depending on the foreign exchange rate or a little bit below that. So that’s our sales level. We do believe we are in a number one market position in Australia and New Zealand and the business has grown very nicely double digits in Q1.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Okay, then secondly, I guess you guys kind of breaking up this new kind of specialty segment, I guess should we think of that as the focus of your acquisitions in the near term?
Steven Paladino: No, I don’t think you should view that Adam as the focus. It will be important for us, but the focus will continue to be on expansion of geography, specifically in the markets we’re already in. So, where we already have a dental business, we want to add a companion animal and probably medical. In the areas where we have consumables, we want to add equipment. In the areas that we’re weak, in one area or another, either consumables or equipment technology will add that. Of course, we will continue to expand in the specialty area, but I wouldn’t view that as the focus. The markets we are in are about $27.5 billion and we have a 22% market share and we believe half the markets are still in the hands of relatively undercapitalized and smaller players, so we still have the market to go after from a consolidation point of view.
Adam Feinstein - Barclays Capital: Lastly, I guess you have given the demand for private label, are you guys really expanding your portfolio of products and I guess how much is that change recently?
Steven Paladino: We’ve also had I believe the largest variety of private-brand products, I believe our private-brand offering is the most expensive and most respected of its kind. We have products that are available in a private label setting. We would like to have the largest market share globally.  I believe we do and we will continue to advance our market share within the private brand arena. I would say that we very rarely the very first to introduce a private brand. When something becomes generic and moves towards a private brand, we definitely want the largest market share.
Operator: Your next question comes from Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs.
Alex Becker - Goldman Sachs: It’s Alex Becker in for Randall. Good morning. I know you guys don’t provide detail on the margins by segment, but is there any more color we can get on what the margins in any medical business look like, relative to what they were last year, given some of the moving parts in the high private label go?
Steven Paladino: Sure. We have been expanding our medical operating margins and that’s despite making some investments in our medical group, because we do see some opportunities in order to increase market share, but overall, our medical operating margins, while they are a bit lower than dental, they are expanding and we do see good opportunity for further expansion in the medical market.
Alex Becker - Goldman Sachs: Then Steve just a quick classification; just based on the press release it seems like that the expense reduction program was expanded for eliminating about 300 positions that you alluded in the last quarter, to about 400 positions now. Is that the right way to think about that?
Steven Paladino : Yes, that’s 100% correct. There was a little over 300 positions at the end of Q4 with the restructuring activities that occurred at that time and now with the completion of those restructuring activities in Q1 is now a little over 400 people.
Alex Becker - Goldman Sachs: Then why wouldn’t the total cost savings number go up a bit or should we just assume it’s not closer to $27 million or $24 million.
Steven Paladino : When we had a range and when we initially announced the restructuring plan, we really had contemplated all of the positions, but just because of accounting reasons and the timing of completion of the activities, it couldn’t all be put in to Q4.
Operator: Your final question comes from David Woodyat - Keeley Asset Management.
David Woodyat - Keeley Asset Management:  I wondered if you could drill down a little bit more on foreign currency. I can see the impact on revenues; could you discuss a little bit your hedging activities and what the impact on foreign currency has been on your bottom line?
Steven Paladino: Sure, our hedging activities, we really only hedge specific transactions. So, if we’re buying product in a specific country and we’re selling in a different currency, we will hedge purchases in order to match our sales activity. We do hedge certain interest income and expense items, but we do not hedge any translation adjustments. We view that really, not as an economic risk, so we do not hedge any translation adjustments. In this quarter, foreign exchange negatively impacted our earnings by about $0.03 per share. So, it did have a negative impact, but despite that we put up good bottom line EPS growth.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Dave. That concludes the first quarter conference call for Henry Schein. We’d like to thank you all for participating. We remain enthusiastic about the future of the company. We believe we are well positioned within our markets to continue to grain market share. Of course, we don’t know where the economy is heading and accordingly will continue to be focused on expense management. We believe that at this point in time, the headcount reduction program is where we need it to be and that the team globally, all 12,500 plus team Schein members are appropriately focused on watching our expenses, but at the same time we are investing in the business to continue to grow our market share in the dental, medical, companion animal business consumables, equipment and software. So, with that in mind, we would like to conclude the call. If anyone has any questions, please feel free to reach out to Steven at 1-631-843-5915 and Susan Vassallo at 1-631-843-5562. So, we’ll be back in about eight weeks or so for the next call and thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Vassallo – VP, Corporate Communications Stanley Bergman – Chairman and CEO Steven Paladino – EVP and CFO
Analysts: Larry Marsh – Barclays Capital Lisa Gill – JP Morgan John Kreger – William Blair Jeff Johnson – Robert Baird Robert Willoughby – Banc of America Chris Arndt – Select Equity Group Alex Becker – Goldman Sachs Valerie Brown – Alliance Bernstein
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein fourth quarter conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, Susan.
Susan Vassallo: Thank you operator and my many thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's fourth quarter results. If you have not received a copy of our earnings news release, you can access it on our Web site at www.henryschein.com With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein and Steven Paladino, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company’s business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filing. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, today, February 24, 2009. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call you limit yourself to a single question and a follow up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for the call. Thank you very much. With that said I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much, Susan. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. We are pleased to report solid operating margin expansion and 8% growth in diluted earnings per share, excluding the restructuring charge that Steven will cover a little later. Operating margin for the quarter reached 8.1%, which is up 76 basis points compared with the prior year fourth quarter. For the year, our operating margin was 6.9%, which is up 35 basis points and is in line with our stated company goal for annual operating margin expansion. On the top line, our local currency internal growth rate, if you adjust for the low margin pharmaceuticals and through sales timings, was approximately flat. Now taking into consideration the impact of the strengthening US dollar, the worsening economic condition since our last guidance and expectations for continued weakness, we remain cautiously optimistic about the future. That caution is reflected in today's adjustment to our 2009 financial guidance. Yet, with the realistic view of the future and a companywide commitment to tightening managing – manageable expenses, we are confident in our ability to grow market share and achieve the revised guidance we announced. The markets that we are in are not immune to the macroeconomic trends, but we believe are relatively resistant to the vagaries of the economy. So we remain quite optimistic about the future, and as I said a few seconds ago, are confident that we will continue to gain market share and confident that we will continue to gain market share in all of our sectors, major business units, dental, medical, international, local currency and practice management and value added services. In a moment I will comment on each of our business groups, but first I will ask Steven Paladino to provide an overview of our fourth quarter and full-year financial results, and our revised guidance. Stephen?
Steven Paladino: Okay, thank you, Stan and good morning to everyone. First let me point out that our fourth quarter results reflect the wholesale ultrasound business as a discontinued operation. This business was part of our medical group and had 2008 sales of approximately $12.7 million. All current and prior year financial information has been restated to report this business as well as the oncology pharmaceutical and specialty pharmacy businesses as discontinued operations and therefore to exclude them from the detail of our income statement. Our fourth quarter also included a $23 million one-time pretax restructuring costs related to our cost saving initiative announced during our third quarter conference call. For purposes of comparison, I will discuss our 2008 Q4 and full-year results from continuing operations excluding the one-time restructuring costs, and I will refer to those results as adjusted results from continuing operations. A full reconciliation of our GAAP net income and EPS to our non-GAAP net income and EPS has been included in our earnings press release as Exhibit B. Our net sales for the quarter ended December 27, 2008, were $1.58 billion reflecting a 7.5% decline compared with the fourth quarter of 2007 or a 1.8% decline in local currencies. Our internally generated sales were down about 3% and we had acquisition growth of approximately 1.2%. You could also find the details of our sales growth in Exhibit A of our earnings news release, which was issued today. As I said, we previously announced an initiative of reducing sales of lower margin pharmaceutical products. Excluding sales of these products, worldwide internal sales in local currencies were down approximately 1.1%. Since this initiative has analyzed in the fourth quarter and was in place for all of 2008 it will not impact our sales comparisons going forward into 2009. Our adjusted operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2008 was 8.1% and was 76 basis points higher than the fourth quarter of 2007 as Stanley just mentioned. It is also important to point out that excluding flu vaccine sales, our adjusted operating margin expanded by 73 basis points during the quarter as we continue to leverage our infrastructure and control expenses. Our effective tax rates for the quarter and for the full year were 31.9% and 33.1%, respectively, down from 32.8% and 34% in the fourth quarter and full year of 2007, respectively. For 2009, on a full-year basis we expect our tax rates to be in the 33% to 34% range. Our fourth quarter adjusted net income from continuing operations was $80.2 million and represents growth of 4.5% from the prior year fourth quarter, and our adjusted earnings per diluted share from continuing operations for the quarter was $0.90 and reflects an increase of 8.4% over diluted EPS for the fourth quarter of 2007. Taking a look at our financial performance for the full year, I'm pleased to report that we achieved a number of goals. We achieved an 8.3% sales growth for the year; a 35 basis point operating margin expansion; 14.3% growth from EPS from continuing operations, and those numbers exclude the restructuring charges and the impact of the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy; and I guess most importantly, we had record operating cash flow of $384.6 million for the year. Let me now provide some detail on our sales results for the fourth quarter. Our dental sales for the fourth quarter of 2008 were $665.3 million, representing a 2.4% decline in US dollars or a 0.3% decline in local currencies, all of which was internal. Our consumable merchandise sales were 1.4%, ahead of the prior year in local currencies and our dental equipment sales and service revenues were down 3.6% compared with the prior year, also in local currencies. Our medical sales were $348.9 million in the fourth quarter, a decline of 12.6%. Internally generated sales decreased by 13.5%, which was partially offset by a small acquisition of 0.9% growth. As we have done on previous calls, we are providing sales growth excluding sales of certain lower margin pharmaceutical products to give a better understanding of the underlying medical group sales trends. Medical group internal net sales, excluding these products was down about 5.9%, and as I mentioned, this initiative annualized during the fourth quarter of 2008. We sold approximately 3.1 million doses of flu vaccine during the fourth quarter, representing net sales of approximately $24 million. This compares with approximately 8.2 million doses sold in last year's fourth quarter and represented approximately $42.8 million in net sales. For the year of 2008, we sold 32.6 million doses of flu vaccine, which is at the midpoint of our guidance range. Let me point out that the fourth quarter medical sales growth was obviously negatively impacted by the timing of flu vaccine sales compared to prior year’s fourth quarter, since sales of flu vaccine occurred more in the third quarter this year than last. Excluding sales of flu vaccine and the lower margin pharmaceutical products, our internal medical sales growth for the fourth quarter was down approximately 0.9%. If we look to sales of our veterinary customers, which represent about 14% of the fourth quarter medical group sales, they were up approximately 4.3% in local currencies, and all of that growth was in generally generated. Turning to our international group; sales for the fourth quarter of 2008 were $528.1 million, down 10.8% compared with 2007. In local currency, sales increased 2.9% with most of that being acquisition growth primarily to the acquisition of Minerva. Foreign currency exchange had an adverse 13.7% impact on our international sales growth. We are pleased to report solid internal sales growth in most of our major markets with double-digit internal sales gains in local currencies reported in our Australian and New Zealand operations. Technology and value added services sales for the fourth quarter were $42.4 million and were 6.5% ahead of Q4 ’07. This included a 10.9% growth in local currencies, all of which was internally generated, and a 4.4% decline related to foreign currency exchange. During the fourth quarter, we saw continued strong growth in financial services as well as electronic services. Now turning to our balance sheet for some brief highlights and cash flow. Our operating cash flow for the quarter was $196.1 million and that compares to $120.3 million in the prior fourth quarter. I think it's more appropriate to review our operating cash flow on a full-year basis because on a quarterly basis there are some timing impacts. And our operating cash flow for the year was $384.6 million and that compares to $270.2 million in 2007. I would also like to point out that approximately $40 million to $50 million of that favorable impact resulted from timing of the year end vendor payments. We also achieved our goal of operating cash flow well in excess of net income for the year. If we look at accounts receivable day sales outstanding from continuing operations, they were 43 days for fourth quarter of ‘08 and that compares to 38.9 days for the fourth quarter of 2007. And for the full year, our day sales outstanding were 41.3 days and that compares to 40.5 days in 2007. Our inventory turns, also from continuing operations for the quarter were 6.2 turns and that compares with 7.4 turns in the fourth quarter of 2007. Also for the full year, inventory turns were 6.4 compared with 6.9 turns in the prior year. If we look at our adjusted return on committed capital from continuing operations and looking at that excluding the restructuring charges, it was 42.9% return for the fourth quarter of 2008. And that's improved from 42.6% from fourth quarter of ‘07. Our return on committed capital from continuing operations excluding restructuring charges for the year was 36.9% and that compares to 35.1% in 2007. Our capital expenditures during 2008 were a little over $50 million at $50.9 million, and we expect capital expenditures for 2009 to decrease by about 10% to 20% compared with 2008’s capital expenditures. I’d like to comment on our commitment to managing expenses, which is a key component of our plan to achieve our revised 2009 EPS guidance. As you probably are aware, in November we announced plans to eliminate approximately 300 positions from our operations around the world and to close several smaller facilities. This initiative is substantially complete at the end of the year and is expected to result in pretax cost savings of approximately $24 million to $27 million annually. We also recently announced internally that due to anticipated deflationary conditions, there will be no salary increases for any Henry Schein employee for 2009. However, it is important to note that we have kept our benefit package intact. And third, we haven't placed an ongoing companywide initiative to reduce expenses beyond what we are saving from the restructuring and salary increases that we announced in November and December. Let me conclude my remarks by discussing guidance. Our guidance reflects a couple of things. First, the strengthening of the US dollar and it's based on our expectations that there will be no improvement in the current economic environment during the entire year of 2009, and that the overall growth in the markets we serve will be flat to maybe up low single digits compared to 2008. So we are trying to be conservative in our expectations of macroeconomic conditions. Our revised guidance is as follows – we now expect that 2009 diluted EPS to be $3.11 to $3.26, which represents a growth of 5% to 10% compared with the reported 2008 results. This excludes the charges related to the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy as well as the restructuring costs and compares to our previous guidance for 2009 of $3.27 to $3.36. Also note that our 2009 guidance does not include any restructuring costs that we expect to be recorded during the year. For the first quarter of 2009, we expect diluted EPS to be in the range of flat to the prior year and maybe low single-digit growth percentages versus the first quarter of 2008. And remember this quarter guidance excludes the remaining restructuring costs that we estimate to be $1 million to $3 million from our initiative announced in November that won’t be recorded until the 2009 first quarter. Also our 2009 EPS guidance is for current continuing operations, which includes completed or previously announced acquisitions but does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions that may occur. Also note that our 2009 guidance includes the expected effect of adopting FASB Staff Position APB 14-1 and this will require us to recognize non-cash interest expense related to our convertible debt. Our future presentations in accordance with this APB will require prior results to reflect the retroactive adjustment of this change in accounting, and therefore that will lower our reported full year 2008 results by approximately $0.04 per share. With that let me turn the call now over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you Steven. Let me provide you with some commentary on each of our four major business groups. On the dental group side, that’s the North American dental, US and Canada, we do believe that the market for dental consumable merchandise sales was basically flat to slightly down during the quarter. Our customers are therefore looking more and more to added value, which we believe Henry Schein is ideally positioned to provide. The customers are seeing their business slightly down. The business is basically solid in the dental office but slightly down, specifically with some of the specialty areas and certainly on the expense of dental laboratory side, although the labs do have work but it is down on expensive procedure side. The current economic environment has particularly impacted the market for high-end equipment as well as elective procedures. As I mentioned, the orthodontics implants – and when I say implants, we’re talking essentially North America here, and certain other, as I mentioned, dental laboratory products. This is especially true in situations where there is no reimbursement. But overall, the dentists are still busy and the challenges are often regional. Over the last few years we have invested heavily in our sales force training in order to enable our FSCs, our field sales consultants, to help our customers improve the profitability and productivity of their practices. As another way to bring value to customers, Henry Schein offers nearly 20,000 proprietary private brand items. Many of our private brand products have a leading market share in the respective market category. Let me point out that although these products have a lower selling price, they provide a similar level of profitability in absolute dollars as branded products. I think it is clear that customers are moving towards the lower priced private brand products, which is impacting the top line sales number in the dental consumables area, but is not impacting the bottom line at all. Private brand products have become increasingly important to us therefore, and as such last year we opened our office in Shanghai, China to procure Henry Schein brand products from high quality, yet low cost manufacturers for our operations worldwide. We also have installed our own quality control team in China and in Malaysia for gloves. With respect to dental equipment sales and service, clearly here the economy is adversely impacting the demand, specifically on the high end. For basic equipment, we have seen a trend of higher demand for the lower-priced products. For example, chairs, units and lights are being traded down in terms of price as customers are looking for less expensive solutions. However, there is strength in certain aspects of our dental equipment market, particularly we have products relate to productivity increases and return in investment where we can demonstrate the return on investment clearly. A prime example of this is our E4D CAD/CAM system, which is performing very well. Other categories are more challenged, including of course the dental lasers, although we do see a steady demand the sales though have come down. And the same is for the upper end of the 3D imaging and we are tending to sell more of the lower 3D imaging products (inaudible) two areas. So the demand remains pretty solid, but we are moving towards lower-priced products. Although, long-term we continue to expect that demand for dental equipment will be there and probably go up somewhat, but no one can tell whether that is one, two, or three quarter issue. And that growth will be driven by the ability to provide a return on investment for the dentists, this is critical. We have to show that the equipment that we are suggesting our customers purchase will increase the productivity in the practice, buildings in the practice, and the profits in the practice. Further gains in dental equipment sales likely will be driven by advanced technological products. It is also important to point out that with less than 28% of our 2008 North American dental sales represented by dental equipment, we continued to be under presented relative to the overall dental equipment market, and therefore see continued growth in market share. Another competitive advantage of Henry Schein is our ability to provide our customers with access to the financing on a highly competitive basis. While credit is tightening we continue to be able to arrange financing for more than 95% of the applications received. So overall, when you look at the performance of our dental group for the quarter, in local currency internal growth we were about flat, consumables were slightly up, but equipment, and of course equipment in our calculation excludes software and financial services which is reported elsewhere, was somewhat down about 3%. But overall if we take into account the fact that there is a movement to, at least in our business towards the private brand that there is a trading downwards in terms of the unit selling price of equipment plus on the other side we see an advancement in the sale of D4D, you take all of that into account and we believe that we continue to gain market share. Let me turn now to the medical group. Our physician customers are also seeing some softening demand for elective and cosmetic procedures. However, our medical group has relatively limited exposure to products related to such procedures. For the year, we had a successful flu season. As Stephen mentioned, we sold 13.6 million doses representing about 110 million in sales. While this is an important product to our customers, it represents only a few percentage points of our earnings and I think this is important to point out. Whereas we continued to do well with this product category, as a percentage of our total sales and as a percentage of our total earnings, the flu category continues to decrease as a percentage of total sales and operating income, respectively. We are pleased with the results of our animal health business, which as you know, are included in the medical group results. Sales for the veterinary customers represented 14% for the media group’s fourth quarter total and grew by approximately 4.3%, all of which was internally generated. We carry an excellent selection of private brand items in the physician and veterinary customer area, and growth for these products was particularly strong at 17% plus for the fourth quarter. So on the medical side to simplify, and I'm sorry it is a little complex, if you take out the low margin pharma, you take out the timing of the flu, sales in terms of dollars were approximately flat; however, we should also take into account that there is the strong movement towards generic products, which reduce sales but in fact keep our profits neutral. There's also been a challenge with one of our major vaccine manufacturers in providing an adequate stream of non-flu vaccines. So overall if you take this all into account, we believe our medical business just like our dental business continues to be doing well in the marketplace. If you look at our international group, the international group results reflect a strengthening of the US dollar against most major foreign currency, and in particular the Pound. And the UK of course, we have a very good market share and also the Euro has weakened. And a big part of our business is in Europe; and Australia and New Zealand where our business is doing particularly well, again the Australian dollar has weakened significantly. The strengthening of the US dollar was one of the factors that impacted our revised guidance by approximately $0.05 per diluted share. Looking past currency exchange, sales of our international group grew during the quarter. Although it is important to note that there are two factors in the German market that we believe had an adverse impact on the fourth quarter sales. First, certain tax incentives recently put into effect make it favorable for equipment purchases to be made in 2009 rather than in 2008. So we believe that there was a delay in purchases in the fourth quarter which will be moved into 2009. However second, the biennial IDS, the largest international trade show in the world, which was held in Cologne at the end of March is an event were typically customers are offered sales promotions. And this year, as I said, is scheduled to occur in the latter part of the first quarter. And we further believe that this will have a delay in equipment purchases. Customers are waiting to see what kinds of deals, what kind of new equipment will be offered at the IDS. And so there will be a delay in our estimation into the second and third quarters of 2009. This delay in the fourth quarter of 2008 is of course reflected in our actual results. As Stephen mentioned, we reported growth in most of the major markets and across Western Europe and again, as I mentioned, with a particular strength in Australia and New Zealand. We continued to be very optimistic and see excellent growth opportunity in increasing profits in our international group as we leverage our infrastructure, share best practices across our worldwide operations and reduce expenses. We also see opportunity in Europe for strategic acquisitions as evidenced by our purchase of companies serving the dental, medical and veterinary markets at the close of the fourth quarter of 2008. The three companies we acquired with combined sales of approximately $150 million, further strengthen our leading presence in Europe. On the vet side, we acquired Noviko, which is the leading distributor of veterinary supplies in the Czech Republic. Noviko had in 2008, sales of approximately $70 million and sells products to both small and to some extent large animal veterinary clinics. This particular company, Noviko, is an excellent complement to our veterinary business in the United Kingdom where we have a good market position, same in Germany, same in Switzerland, Spain, Austria, Portugal and France; and provide a base for expansion into Eastern European markets as well. With acquisition, we believe Henry Schein is now the largest Pan-European animal healthcare distributors and one of the largest animal health distributors in the world. We also acquired at the end of the fourth quarter DNA Anthos, which is the Italian distribution arm of a leading manufacturer of dental equipment in Italy. DNA in 2008 had sales of approximately $43 million. They are a top distributor of the Anthos brand of dental equipment in Italy, which we believe has, as of now, the Italian nation's largest installed unit base. They also sell consumable merchandise and provide technical services. DNA adds nationally equipment sales and service capability to Henry Schein's offering in Italy making us really the premier and full-service dealer in Italy, similar to our position in Germany, France, UK, and the Benelux countries, as well as Australia and New Zealand. Third, we acquired Medka, which is a full service provider of medical consumables, equipment, technical services in Germany primarily to physicians. Medka had 2008 sales of $36 million and has been in business out of their Berlin office for nearly 90 years. Medka complements our current German operations of providing geographic coverage throughout the country. We believe this also puts us in a premier position of servicing the office-based physician in Germany. And all three of these businesses provide us with excellent management talents, all motivated to work closely with our existing European team to advance our strategy of Pan-European dental, medical, full service, and companion animal full service veterinary distribution. Our international group accounts for 35% of our 2008 net sales. As we continue to expand our business overseas, we have taken actions to streamline our international decision-making process and optimally leverage our global infrastructure. We also have put in place an operating structure that further facilitates the sharing of best practices across geographies and markets on a global basis. More specifically, effective with start of 2009, we have focused our European structure to be consistent with our model in North America. Instead of being organized by geography, our European operation is now organized by market, namely dental, medical and vet. We believe that this structure enhances our ability to manage most effectively during this economically challenging time. We believe we have a particularly strong bench of senior managers and managers in fact throughout Europe. Again, in summary, just to put it in context; if you look at our sales, and again local currency internal growth, those sales were flat for the fourth quarter of 2008, taking into account of course the fact that sales on the dental equipment side in Germany, which is of course our strongest market and we are the big player in dental equipment distribution in Germany taking into account the likely movement of sales from the fourth quarter to somewhere around the third and fourth quarter of 2009. Now let me conclude by reviewing our business groups with a discussion of our technology and value added services group. This group was once again a bright spot during our quarter and extended its long history of excellent sales growth with fourth quarter internal sales growth of about 11% over the prior year, and that is again in constant currency. Now remember, we do not include the sales of dental software and finances in our North American dental group nor in our European group. Those are separated. So when comparing us to performance of the market one should take this into account. Software of Excellence, a leading supplier of innovative clinical and practice management solutions to dentists that we acquired last year continues to perform very well in the UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand and we believe it's an excellent platform for us to continue to expand into the value added software area on the continent of Europe. Of note of course is that the strategy of incorporating dental imaging sales in Software of Excellence business is working very, very well. During the quarter, we continued our record of strong growth in financial services, as equipment and practice financing transactions posted 10% growth, which follows 30% growth reported on the previous quarter. So our ability to finance to provide access to financing to our customer base during these challenging times is very much being used by the practitioner. In closing, the fourth quarter was challenging yet we are pleased with our ability to have expanded our operating margin to achieve 8% growth in diluted earnings per share. We are taking a conservative view of 2009 and are not assuming any overall economic improvements in the markets we serve. Consistent with the fourth quarter of 2008, specific to the US medical market, we are still very early in the Obama administration. But the 2009 economic stimulus plan includes provision to increase the number of Americans with healthcare insurance benefit, including the unemployed. We view these developments as potentially positive for Henry Schein, although we await further details on how the Obama healthcare plan will actually be operationalized. Of course the same applies to the electronic medical record where we see great opportunity, but again we need to see more specifics on the operational side there. During this economic times, our mission of course is to help our customers run more efficient and profitable businesses and to become even more relevant to our customers’ challenges during this time. And we believe Henry Schein as a company globally is uniquely qualified to help our customers run a growing, most profitable business while upholding, of course, excellent standards of patient care. As customers look to less expensive product options, we believe that our exclusive portfolio of private brand products, the largest we believe in the word in the office space setting, is an important competitive advantage as well as our selection of equipment specifically in the dental arena where we provide a lower priced options for particular functional needs. Let me again point out, though that our market remains fragmented with about half of the market in the hands of smaller competitors, we have $370 million in cash at the end of the year, equivalence, we have low debt, we have a positive cash flow, excellent for the year, we generated over $385 million of cash during the year, almost $200 million in the fourth quarter. And taking all of this into account, we are well positioned to ride out an economically – even a worst economic storm. Well positioned to continue to grow our market share, both as we’ve shown internally and through acquisition growth. Our strategies are solid and we are very excited about the future. The morale in our company is good right now and we believe that although we had to terminate 2.5% of the team, the remaining team throughout the world is motivated to continue to implement the strategies which we’ve discussed with our investors in the past. I'm sorry for the long remarks, but there's a lot that's happened this quarter and I think it's important to provide a basic understanding of our thoughts with respect to the business and the future. So Stephen and myself are now ready to take some questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question will come from the line of Larry Marsh with Barclays Capital.
Larry Marsh – Barclays Capital: Good morning. Thanks for the update. Just a couple of things maybe wanted to drill down on, Steve, so you basically communicated today a $0.15 reduction in kind of your expectations for 2009 with, I guess, $0.05 of that coming from FX. Just curious on the point, it sounds like you are now assuming what we are going to see further – a fair amount of dollar strengthening versus Euro and other currencies for ’09, is that right?
Steven Paladino: Well, let me first clarify what you first said. The $0.05 decline versus our last guidance compared to today's guidance was looking at the US dollar where it was and what the expectations were for ’09 versus where it is today and what those expectations for ’09. So we are really not assuming a significant additional strengthening of the US dollar, but there is some strengthening that’s built into that. And again, it's really that the dollar did strengthen further since the last time we give guidance.
Larry Marsh – Barclays Capital: Right. Because you had alluded to that back in November that could be a further headwind, so it seems to be consistent. So there's really, I guess another $0.10 of change and I just want to, to extent you can elaborate. It seems like directionally we would have assumed some slighter, lower margin on – lower impact from flu in ’09 versus ’08. Is there any change specifically to that expectation versus November?
Stanley Bergman: Flu vaccine really is – our expectations are the same as the last conference call which is that we expect to distribute 12 million to 13 million doses of flu vaccines during 2009. I think really, the other main reason for the change in our guidance is clearly if you look back since end of October, the first week of November compared to now, it’s clear that the economy is in worse position. It's clear that our markets – we think our markets were basically flat, maybe flat to slightly down in Q4. So, it really reflects our outlook that – again we are trying to be a bit conservative given the macroeconomic conditions. We are assuming that the economy is not going to improve at all during 2009 and we are assuming that the markets that we serve are also not going to improve at all in 2009. And hopefully, that will turn out to be untrue and hopefully the markets will get a little bit better, especially maybe in the second half of the year. But we felt right now given all of the uncertainty that it was best really not to assume any improvements today.
Larry Marsh – Barclays Capital: Well, so the message is I guess you had a $0.10 has to do with kind of top line expectations further tempering those. And so I know you guys usually don’t talk about your top line expectations around consumables and equipment and various divisions, but just directionally just to understand where you are thinking, is it fair to say that your expectations for ’09, say specifically in dental on consumables and equipment are going to be roughly consistent with what we saw in the fourth quarter, directionally worse or maybe directionally a little bit of pickup?
Steven Paladino: I think we still believe that we can gain market share. The key question is whether the market is going to do so. If the markets are flat or slightly down, we think we can still gain some market share, but I want to point out Stanley's comments talked about customers really looking for lower priced solutions and that will also impact our top line in that during the fourth quarter our private label sales, the Henry Schein private brand sales were up actually 7% during Q4 on a worldwide basis. And with flat sales growth and private label sales being up 7%, obviously the private label sales are per unit anywhere from 20% or more less expensive than the branded. They have a very good gross margin from a bottom line perspective. The profitability is about the same maybe slightly more. But definitely, it negatively impacts top line and that’s also reflected in what we expect to continue going forward.
Stanley Bergman: And Larry, I think it’s very, very important to realize that although – and specifically on the dental side, we do seek customers buying equipment whether it’s chairs, units, lights or it’s some of the x-ray equipment, buying less expensive units for the units are not as badly impacted by the economy as the selling price, so the average selling price is coming down. And if you come down that would be switched to generics on the consumables worldwide. This impacts the top line but it’s not as severe on the bottom line.
Larry Marsh – Barclays Capital: Right. So I understand the equipment dynamic of lower selling prices and how that flows. I think what your message on the generics is you define it same operating profits. Still, even with slower top line, it’s interesting that mitigates some of the downside on the top line but obviously not all of it around just lower volumes overall. Is that fair to say?
Stanley Bergman: I think Steven indicated that assuming the economy doesn’t get much worse, the numbers that you saw in the top line in the fourth quarter do indicate that we grow market share. And so that’s more or less what we’re – what we banked on 2009 budget done. We, of course, are watching the expenses. We reduced our web force by 2.5%. As of now, we don’t expect to have that kind of situation occur again. We did hold salary increases for 2009 because we do expect continued price deflation in most of our product offering. But at the same time, we continue to keep our benefit plans in place. So we’re managing very, very cautiously and we continue to invest in the business. And as Steven mentioned, we’re taking down our capital equipment investment a little bit, but that’s also because we don’t have any need to open any distribution centers or make any major investments in that area although we’re making investments in software, we continue to do that. So – when we look at sales growth, we start to look at in tens of basis points here either way and someone has to be very careful not to read too much into that. The business is solid. We’re generating good cash. And obviously we don’t know where the economy is going, so therefore we’re being a little bit more cautious and that’s in the past.
Larry Marsh – Barclays Capital: I got it. Two other quick things and one would be I think you alluded to some challenges of the manufacturer of non-flu related vaccines. Can you elaborate anymore? And is that a part of your reduced expectations for ’09 and did it affect you in the fourth quarter at all?
Stanley Bergman: First of all, I don’t want to mention the specific manufacturer but I think you can do your own market research. Second, our gross margin, our gross profit on the sale of branded vaccines is not very large, so it’s not material really to the overall performance of the company from the bottom line point of it, but it does reflect in the sales growth. It’s not really something that’s important to the bottom line at least for 2009.
Larry Marsh – Barclays Capital: Right. Okay. And finally then – I know you’d mentioned the increasing importance of the private label financing that you have through several sources in the market place. Do you anticipate in your expectations that that’s going to continue to grow meaningfully as a percentage of your total equipment sales TN ’09 or are you assuming no big change?
Stanley Bergman: In the budget we’ve assumed this to be constant. To tell you about it. We do expect we will do better, specifically, as we take our know-how in this area at Global, and we’ve seen some good impact to that in markets outside of the US. Our approval rate was something like 99% a year ago and it’s 95% today. We’re comfortable if that will remain in that range and I think it’s a big competitive advantage that we have. We get relatively prompt approval and our sales force is quite well-educated in how to go about getting these approvals, and we actually achieved some astounding successes in that area because one of our major resources exited the market. I think Steven was on the third quarter and we were able to find two other sources rather quickly and we have four sources of funding for our private label financing and we’re not taking any balance sheet risk in there but we’re getting approvals.
Larry Marsh – Barclays Capital: Okay. I’ll stop there. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, as a reminder, I would like to remind everyone to please limit your questions to one per caller. Out next question will come from the line of Lisa Gill with JP Morgan.
Lisa Gill – JP Morgan: Thanks very much and good morning. I was wondering Steve, maybe you can talk about few things. One on the restructuring initiative, are they fully in the runway to savings now or will they continue to ramp for 2009? And then, secondly, within the guidance, can you maybe just talk about the flu vaccine expectation. I’m not sure if he’s given a range around that. And then also on the buyback, it looks like you still have $58 million left on the buyback. Is there some component of a buyback in your guidance as well?
Steven Paladino: Okay, sure Lisa. First on the restructuring, we did get some benefit in Q4 but it was not a lot. Really I would say that, starting in Q1 but we’re not going to see the full benefit because there are still some activities that we’re taking an additional $1 million to $3 million of restructuring costs. But I would say that starting in Q1 you have a very hard percentage of the benefit in Q1 and then clearly in Q2, Q3, and Q4, you’ll have the full benefit that will get to the $24 million to $27 million for the full year. So some really substantially all is occurring of that benefit starting in Q1 is really the short answer.
Lisa Gill – JP Morgan: Okay, great.
Steven Paladino: I’ll flew to your second question, yes we – well, we didn’t specifically put in our press release, our guidance for flu vaccine remains consistent, a 12 million to 13 million doses to be sold in 2009 so there’s no change there. And lastly on the buyback, you asked me correctly. We do have about $58 million still approved and our guidance does not assume any significant amount of buy back in 2009. So if we did buyback there would be an opportunity that is not being affected by our guidance.
Lisa Gill – JP Morgan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Steven Paladino: Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger – William Blair: Hi thanks. Just a follow up on Lisa’s question. If you think about your 5% to 10% EPS guidance in terms of growth, could you give us just a little bit more of your thoughts behind that and how much would you say would come from top line versus margin and leverage versus anything below the line like lower interest expense or lower share count?
Steven Paladino: Okay. Really, it’s significantly weighted towards tightly managing expenses in the expense reductions. Now, we don’t – this was the first year in our budget process that the guidance that we gave and the targets that we gave to our business unit leaders was really to ensure that they get their profitability targets with very realistic sales members. So while there some sales drop baked into our own budget, a very big share – a very big piece of it is related to managing expenses and getting cost savings. There’s really not much change – there’s really very little impact on the interest line or on the share account line, very little. Again, so the bulk of it is that managing expenses with very modest sales growth.
John Kreger – William Blair: Great. Thanks Steven.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeff Johnson – Robert Baird: Good morning, guys. How are you?
Steven Paladino: Good.
Stanley Bergman: Very good. Thanks.
Jeff Johnson – Robert Baird: Good. Steve if I can just follow up on one comment you just made there. There is some sales growth baked into your ’09 guidance not to flick hairs, but is that on a – I would assume you’re talking out an organic basis or organic plot acquisition for XFX. I’m just trying to figure out because it sure is hard to get to a positive revenue number in my model if I don’t have acquisitions in there.
Steven Paladino: You’re correct. It would include acquisitions and let me mention a couple of things. One, we did make an announcement on the three European acquisitions sometimes there in January that represented about $150 million worth of sales on a last 12-month basis. But there were also a number of smaller acquisitions that were completed either in Q4 or Q1. Individually, all of them were really small enough where we elected not to make a press release because they were small; but in total, they represent a little bit more than an additional $100 million of sales on the last 12-months basis. So we really have acquisition sales growth assuming no loss of business on integration. If something north [ph] of $250 million from acquisitions. That’s all on a constant currency basis also. So, acquisitions as we said, we think that there’s good opportunity for us with the strength of our balance sheet. A number of smaller players were rather very active acquisition pipeline, so all of that – hopefully we’ll see some more acquisitions going forward. But again, our guidance does not assume many additional acquisitions, only the ones that are complete as of now.
Jeff Johnson – Robert Baird: Okay, great. Helpful. The $100 million in smaller deal – we knew about the Spanish equipment, dental equipment acquisition that you hadn’t talked about but how do we layer the others into medical, in the international, where should they go?
Stanley Bergman: Okay. The bulk of it is – it was some small international but the bulk of it is in the US market and I would say that real rough numbers. You probably have 75%, 80% in the US dental market and the balance in the US medical just as very rough numbers, and a little bit of an international because of the Spanish acquisition.
Jeff Johnson – Robert Baird: Great. Last question I guess for Stanley, on the dental equipment side, your biggest competitor is describing the next year outlook of strength on the high-end, weakness on the basic equipment side. You’re almost describing an exact opposite. Is that just a mixed issue kind of some of the better offerings you might have on the basic equipment side and some of the strength they may be seeing in the high-tech side. How would you differentiate those two comments?
Steven Paladino: I really wouldn’t want to comment because quite frankly I have a problem understanding some of the numbers being reported. But I would say that we see a specific downwards, spiral on chairs units like and we see the same on the 3D x-ray. Now, whether we have a bigger market share on those in 3D x-ray I don’t know. On the other side of the equation, we’re seeing a very strong demand for the 4D. Now, we have vertical in the comparables for D4D in 2008. Although we did have a nice quarter, fourth quarter, but it’s very hard to compare the two, like I told you as what our view is of our business. Remember that on the Violet side and on the IFR side, we do have exclusives, and so there will be an impact on the sales of both of those, although we remain quite optimistic about both of those product lines.
Jeff Johnson – Robert Baird: And, Stanley, when you described it as a downward spiral on the basic on the chairs-like stand on that, correct me if I’m wrong, I thought your earlier comments where that might be where a little bit of positive performance comes from this year?
Stanley Bergman: Well, my downward spiral was really related to pricing, right? And moving trading down to less expensive units. It’s hard to tell where the economy is going to take that, but if you take that all into account, from an overall Henry Schein point of view, it’s not that material to the overall performance of the company because you’ve got to equipment as a percentage of our North American dental sales and you have to further take that as a percentage of our global sales. So, you got to take it in within some context.
Jeff Johnson – Robert Baird: Fair enough. And just very quickly, if you break your international down into dental debt and medical now, are we going to start seeing those broken out or international broken out into those segments or will you still just report just the international results?
Stanley Bergman: Boy, Steven, do we want to –?
Steven Paladino: No, we don’t want to add any more accounts.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. I’m sure we can give some additional color and flavor on the breakup between dental, medical and vet. As it is now, when you look at our press release, there’s probably, compared to other companies, there’s a lot of detail on sales; so, maybe we’ll give it just some color on the conference call script just really because it’s really, it’s a lot of detail. We can obviously give some more detail on the scripts.
Stanley Bergman: It was very, very important, we drew report on the business unit’s report, sales, local currency sales, break it down with acquisition sales, and it’s constant; dental, medical, and International Antec. And I don’t believe there’s any other company in our state that’s providing that information on a consistent basis and the more metrics we start providing, I think, just the more difficult it becomes and the more expensive it becomes. So, I think the information we provide is probably a little bit more transparent than most.
Jeff Johnson – Robert Baird: Understood, but any additional detail would be appreciated. Thanks, guys.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Robert Willoughby with Banc of America.
Robert Willoughby – Banc of America: Yes. Profitability was probably the highest we’ve ever seen despite a fairly disappointing revenue number. Can you refresh me, what were the primary points of leverage to the EBITDA margin, three or four things that went particularly well? And why doesn’t that run rate continue in ’09 even on a less inspiring revenue outlook?
Stanley Bergman: Well, I’m not sure we said it. It doesn’t continue. I think we do expect continued margin expansion. Really, the big things were our restructuring efforts, our overall management of expenses. We really went up and down the entire organization. Every business leader, every senior executive looked at their expense structure and we said, “Look, how are we going to do more with less and spend less money?” And we’re starting to see some improvements in Q4. We’ll see more improvements in 2009. As I said earlier above, I think the good news about our guidance is it’s very heavily weighted towards expense management; enough to say that we’re expecting no sales growth because we are expecting some, but we’re trying to be realistic given the economic conditions. And we still think that we have more ability to drive efficiencies in our business.
Robert Willoughby – Banc of America: The $23 million charge in the quarter, the restructuring charge, what – was there any intangible write-off?
Stanley Bergman: No, there was no intangible write-off in the $23 million. It was all a combination. The bulk of it was really termination benefits, severance and other termination benefits for the people that were terminated. There was also some lease runoff with some of the facilities closed. That was the bulk of all of it. If you look at our loss on discontinued operations, however, the bulk of that loss was an intangible write-off.
Robert Willoughby – Banc of America: That was the business that came from where?
Stanley Bergman: It was a small business that we made in acquisition as part of a larger acquisition that included a wholesale ultrasound business. I think the acquisition was completed one to two years ago. And, again, since we’re not really in the wholesale business, we felt that it was better to get out of that business and we kept the retail part of the business, the retail to the end use of the physician’s space. And because the purchase price accounting required a portion of the intangibles to the allocated to both pieces of the business, there was a write-off of the piece that we did dispose of.
Robert Willoughby – Banc of America: Okay. Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Arndt with Select Equity Group.
Chris Arndt – Select Equity Group: I was wondering if you’ll provide a little bit more color on the equipment sales. And in particular, Stanley, you mentioned that shift-down in pricings to the lowest price chairs in light and, yet, stronger D4D equipment sales; but I was curious as to what do you expect will be the net impact of this? And what have you seen so far in the US and in Europe in terms of your expectation for equipment overall? Is this down 5%, down 10%, or consistent with the fourth quarter?
Stanley Bergman: I think, as we’ve mentioned, we believe that, at least as best we can tell at this moment, that 2009 will likely be consistent with the fourth quarter. I think we also had a pretty good 2007 fourth quarter, so the comparables are quite high; so, it’s more or less consistent. We see the pricing coming down. The unit price is considering to come down for chairs, units, lights and the 3D x-ray and other kinds of x-ray products. On the upside, we do see E4D going up because E4d really is a product that enables the practitioner to reduce expenses in the practice. So, it’s hard to go beyond that. As far as Europe is concerned, I think we may have a slight uptake from the fourth quarter in terms of local currency internal growth as we see equipment in Germany move into the second and third quarter, but we’re talking about basis points, 20, 30 basis points either way, I think, at least from a planning point of view. We’re planning on sales the way Steven described and managing our expenses. Anything positive on the sales side will be god overall.
Chris Arndt – Select Equity Group: Yes. I’m surprised that there is as much basic equipment sales as there have been and I was worried that some of that might be due to planning to remodel a practice, which took place in the middle of last year when things were okay, and as we go forward, that will not – those types of sales won’t take place.
Stanley Bergman: There are a number of puts and takes here. One of the, I suppose, encouraging things is that a number of dentist because of the impact of the markets on their time and plan of staying in practice a little longer, which means that they had probably not planned on refurbishing their office, so we’re seeing some of that. I think it’s prudent for us to be managing expenses and anything on the plus side promises a positive surprise.
Chris Arndt – Select Equity Group: Okay. Thanks, Stanley.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Randall Stanicky with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Becker – Goldman Sachs: Hi, it’s Alex Becker for Randall. Just a couple of quick follow-ups. On guidance, Steven, I think you mentioned that there’s no assumption of improvement in the economic activity from the four Q-levels in your outlook. If there is a meaningful deterioration in the economic conditions from the four Q-levels, would that be captured in the low end of guidance?
Steven Paladino: Well, it’s really difficult to answer that because when you say a meaningful deterioration, if there is – I don’t know what that exactly means, but if the economy and our markets worsen, again, that’s not really built into our guidance. We’re expecting the economy to not improve but certainly not worsen by any significant amount. Slight worsening, of course, I think, within our range, will probably be okay, but more than slight, I think we’d have to take another look at things. I’m not saying there wouldn’t be any areas to mitigate because if that did occur, we would be looking at our expense structure again. But again, that’s not our current plans.
Alex Becker – Goldman Sachs: Okay, that helps. And just – are you providing any broad guidance around what operating cash flow would like in ’09?
Stanley Bergman: Well, yes, we’re still consistent with – we believe our operating cash flow will exceed our net income. I think that was really – if you look at our operating cash flow for 2008, it was very strong, so we do expect to see continued strong operating cash flow going forward, but we didn’t give more specific than that.
Alex Becker – Goldman Sachs: Okay. That helped. Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: Okay.
Operator: We have time for one more question and that final question will come from the line of Valerie Brown with Alliance Bernstein.
Valerie Brown – Alliance Bernstein: Hi. My question relates to the fiscal stimulus plan that was passed. My understanding is that there is an extension of enhanced small business expensing, which would allow small business owners to fully depreciate new equipment purchases in the first year. Do you think that this could potentially benefit your business? Is it something that you’ve explored and are your customers even aware of this?
Steven Paladino: Yes. You’re correct that there was an extension of – it’s called Section 179, accelerated depreciation. And just to give you the full picture, that law allowed in 2008 to expense for qualified small businesses, which our customers generally are, to expense the first $250,000 of CapEx major in the year and it was scheduled to go down by about half of that, so about $125,000 and the stimulus plan left it at the full $250,000. So, we think that’s a good thing because we think that, certainly, our field sales people are well-educated on the tax benefits and return on investment, and they share that with our customers. And I think good Henry Schein customers certainly understand not only the clinical benefits of buying equipment but the financial and return on investment benefits, including tax benefits. So, I think it’s a positive, but we should be careful that it’s an incremental positive. It’s not something that’s going to be a huge benefit for anyone.
Stanley Bergman: So, that concludes our call for today. I’m sorry that we ran over a little bit, but there was just a lot we wanted to talk about. Thank you for your interest. As I think you can tell by the tone of our discussions today that we remain very optimistic about the business in terms of market share growth, in terms of our expense management and cash flow, and we’re going to be very conservative in managing business through this economically challenging time. So, thank you very much. If you have any questions, please feel free to call Steve Paladino, our CFO, at 631-843-5915 or Susan Vassallo at 631-843-5562. Thank you very much and we’ll be back again, I think, in about 60 days.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may all disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Neal Goldner - VP, IR Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and CEO Steven Paladino - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs Robert Willoughby - Banc Of America Securities Derek Leckow - Barrington Research Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital John Kreger - William Blair & Company, L.L.C David Veal - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Henry Schein Third Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Neal Goldner, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Neal.
Neal Goldner - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Bryant, and my many thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's third quarter results. If you have not received a copy of our earnings news release, you can access it on our website at www.henryschein.com With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the companies business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commissions filing. The contents of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, November 5th, 2008. Henry Schein takes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call you limit yourself to a single question and a follow up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for this call. With that said I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Neal and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2008 telephone conference call. We are pleased with our sales growth during the third quarter of almost 10% which reflects the benefit of our globally diversified operations. Earnings growth was also strong, up 18% excluding the one time charge related to the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy we announced this morning and was highlighted by operating margin expansion that was inline with our long term financial objectives. As we have said in the past while our customers practices are largely resistant to macroeconomic conditions they are certainly not immune. Given the recent changes in the economic climate respect that the markets we serve continue to grow, but at somewhat slower rates during these challenging economic times, and while we remain confident in our ability to achieve our long term financial goals, we are taking action, in light of our current view that sales growth for 2009, may moderate somewhat from what we have experienced over the past several years. Specifically this morning, we announced an expense reduction initiative that includes reducing our workforce by approximately 300 positions, and closing several smaller facilities. This reduction in the workforce represents approximately 2.5% of our total headcount. This is a very difficult decision for Henry Schein, but by taking these steps to reduce costs, the company will remain well positioned to help our customers operate more successful practices and deliver high quality care to their patients in these challenging periods. We have confidence in the future of Henry Schein and demonstrated this confidence by repurchasing about $23 million of Henry Schein common stock during the quarter plus an additional $28 million already this quarter. In a moment I will provide some commentary on each of our four business groups. But first I will ask our Chief Financial Officer, Steve Paladino to provide an overview of our third quarter financial results. Steven?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, thank you, Sam. Let me start by pointing out that prior year information has been restated to report the oncology pharmaceuticals and specialty pharmacy business as discontinued operations. For purpose of comparison I will discuss our Q3, 2008 results compared with results from continuing operations in the prior year. There is no impact from discontinued operations in our current period. Our net sales for the quarter ended September 27, 2008 were $1.65 billion, reflecting 9.6% growth over the third quarter of 2007 or 8% growth in local currencies. 2.2% of this growth was internally generated while 5.8% acquisition growth was primarily due to the acquisitions of Dunlop, Software of Excellence and Minerva. Please note that the details of sales growth are contained in Exhibit A of our earnings news release that was issued earlier today. We also previously announced an initiative of reducing sales of certain lower margin pharmaceutical products. Excluding sales of those products world wide internal sales growth in local currencies was approximately 4.5%. Our operating margin for the third quarter of 2008 was 7% and was 56 basis points higher then the third quarter of the 2007. I think it is important to point out that, excluding flu vaccine sales, our operating margin also expanded. It expanded by 41 basis points during the quarter, as we continued to grow both our sales and leverage our infrastructure. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.5% and that's compared with 34.1% from the third quarter of 2007. We expect our effective tax rate to remain in this 32 to 33% for the fourth quarter of 2008. And for 2009, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 33 to 34%. Our third quarter net income was $68.4 million, which represents growth of 12.8% from the prior years third quarter and that's prior year's third quarter again from continuing operations. Earnings per diluted share for third quarter of 2008 was $0.75 per share reflecting an increase of 13.6% over diluted EPS from continuing operations for the third quarter of 2007. As noted press release this results include a pretax charge of approximately $4.5 million or $0.03 per diluted share related to Lehman's Brothers bankruptcy. There are two components of this charge. First we entered into foreign exchange forward contracts with Lehman Brothers to hedge our inter company transaction flows with out international operations. These contracts hedge identifiable transaction flows and were not speculative. With bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers these contracts are in the fog as such we have reserved amounts due us totaling $3.7 million. Second we had cash invested in the reserve primary fund at a money market fund that owned Lehman Brothers debt that is now being liquidity. We have reserved approximately $0.8 million against the potential loss from this investment. Excluding the impact of this charge our net income from continuing was $71.5 million or $0.78 per diluted share an increase of 17.8% and 18.2% respectively compared with last year. Now let me provide some detail on our sales results for the third quarter. Our Dental sales for the third quarter of 2008 were $644.9 million, representing 4.5% growth in US dollars, or 4.4% growth in local currency. Essentially all of this growth was internally generated Consumable merchandise sales were 4.8% ahead of the prior year in local currencies, all of which was internally generated, and dental equipment sales were 3.4% ahead of the prior year in local currencies, again, substantially all of which was internally generated. Our Medical sales were $426.9 million in the third quarter, which is down 4.1%. Our internal sales increased 4.2% and there was small 0.1% growth from acquisition. As we have done on previous calls, we are providing sales growth, excluding sales of certain lower margins pharmaceutical products to give a better understanding of our underlining medical group sales trends. Our Medical group internal net sales growth excluding these products was approximately 3.4%. During the quarter we sold approximately $10.5 million doses of flu vaccine for the third quarter representing sales of approximately $86.4 million. This compares with 7.3 million doses in last year's third quarter which represented approximately $78 million in net sales. Excluding sales from influenza vaccine and lower margins pharmaceutical products, our internal medical sales growth was plus approximately 2%. Turning to our International group, sales for the third quarter of 2008 were $538 million, up 30.7% over the prior year. Growth in local currencies was 24.7% with 5.2% internally generated and 19.5% acquisition growth, due primarily to the acquisitions of Dunlop and Minerva. Foreign exchange currency differences contributed 6% to our International growth. Our technology and value added services sales were $41 million and were 28.8% ahead of Q3 '07. 11.3% was internally generated and 17.5% was from the acquisition of Software of Excellence. Our electronic and financial services businesses had very strong growth during the quarter as well. Let's now take a brief look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $49.9 million and that compares to $69.2 million in the prior year third quarter. On a year-to-date basis our operating cash flow was $188.6 million and that compares to $149.9 million in last year's year-to-date results. We expect to achieve our goal of operating cash flow for the year in excess of our net income. Accounts receivables days sales outstanding from continuing operations was 41.4 days for the third quarter and that compares to 42 days for the third quarter of 2007. Our inventory returns from continuing operations for the third quarter was 6.6 turns, basically unchanged from the second quarter and this compares with 6.9 turns for the third quarter of 2007. Our return on committed capital from continuing operations was 37.5% for the third quarter of 2008, and that's improved from 34.7% in the third quarter of 2007. Let me also note that in early September, we announced that we replaced our previous $300 million credit facility with a new $400 million credit facility at favorable terms. This new facility which is currently untapped is a five year facility, committed five-year facility that matures in September 2013. We are very pleased to secure this facility, given today's very challenging credit environment and are also very pleased to have a strong banking syndicate lead by JP Morgan Chase. As Stanley, mentioned this morning, we announced an initiative to reduce costs in light of the current economic environment. We expect one time pretax cost associated with this initiative to be in the $22 million to $25 million range. And we expect these costs to be recorded in the fourth quarter of 2008. We further expect annual pretax savings from this initiative to be approximately $24 million to $27 million and this is included in our 2009 guidance. Let me conclude my remarks by discussing our guidance. We are updating our 2008 financial guidance as follows. We expect 2008 diluted EPS to be $2.94 to $2.96 and that represents growth of 14% to 15% compared with 2007. This guidance excludes the charge related to the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy as well as the cost associated with the expense reduction initiative. And this compares with our previous guidance for 2008 in the range of $2.93 to $3 per share. Our 2008 EPS guidance includes our expectation that we will distribute approximately 4.5 million additional doses of flu vaccine during the fourth quarter. This 2008 guidance is for common operations and includes completed or previously announced acquisitions but does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions. Turning to next year, we're introducing 2009 financial guidance as follows; we expect 2009 diluted EPS to be $3.27 to $3.36, representing growth of 11% to 14% compared with the midpoint of our 2008 guidance. The 2008 guidance excludes again the charge related to Lehman Brothers bankruptcy as well as cost associated with the expense reduction initiative. Let me point that our 2009 guidance takes into account the recent strength in U.S. dollar as well as current economic conditions. And also our 2009 guidance includes our expectation that we will distribute between 12 million and 13 million doses of influenza vaccine during the year. This 2009 guidance, as all of our guidance is for current operations and does not include impact of any potential future applications. Let me now turn call over Stanley.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Steven. I would like to provide you some additional commentary on each of our four business groups. Let me start with the Dental group. Based on anecdotal information, we believed that the backlog of patients at the average dental office has gone down somewhat, although not a lot. But as evidenced by our consumable merchandised sales growth this quarter, dentists continue to have busy practices. While we do not think the current economic environment had a significant impact on our dental consumable merchandise sales, we do believe it had an impact on our sales of dental equipment, where growth was slower compared to the previous quarters. We expect the dental equipment growth in the fourth quarter to be similar to the third quarter growth. Yet, over the long term, we expect dental equipment growth to be driven by further gains in advanced technology products, including 3D Imaging, digital radiography and CAD/CAM. In addition with less than 28% of our 2007 North American dental sales represented by dental equipment, we continue to be under penetrated relative to the overall dental equipment market. We have solid relationships with our key suppliers such as Colgate for consumable dental merchandise, Johnson & Johnson for products such as Arestin Danaher, Midmark, Air Techniques, D4D, Serona and Biolace for dental equipment among others. These relationships provide Henry Schein with an important competitive advantage. Another competitive advantage that we enjoy is ability to facilitate financing for our customers and in these uncertain economic times. Through Henry Schein Financial Services, we are able to offer our customers equipment financing at attractive rate at a time when others have very limited access to capital. Let me remind you that we provide our customers with access to financing and get paid immediately with no recost to Henry Schein. Our third quarter results for Henry Schein Financial Services were really terrific and we are pleased with the fact that we can continue to finance a greater portion of our dental sales, specifically on the equipment side, through Henry Schein Financial Services and that the facilities remain readily available to our customers. Let me now turn to our Medical group. As Steven mentioned, during the third quarter, we sold 10.5 million doses of influenza vaccine and as of October 31, we sold approximately 12.7 million doses. We were pleased that our manufacturing partners received early FDA approval this year, which we are able to leverage to better serve the needs of our customers. During these difficult economic times, our customers are looking to us to help them maintain or expand their profits. One solution that our medical group offers is a selection of more than 5,000 Henry Schein private-brand items. These include disposable supplies, instruments, testing kits which we sell at considerable savings versus the branded alternatives. One should be... one should recognize that as one moves... sales from the brand to the private-brand the corresponding sales go down. However, the savings for our customers go up and the absolute dollars in profits go up for the company. And more than ever customers are choosing today these high-quality products, as evidenced by the 20% growth in our private-brand sales by Medical group in the third quarter. Parenthetically some of the growth has been experienced in our Dental group and our International group where the conversion from branded product to private brand does deflate the selling price, but is of great interest to the customers and of course maintains or actually increases our overall gross profit in absolute terms. We also continue to make progress with our Medical One World initiative and are excited about the opportunities created from the consolidation of our businesses under the Henry Schein Medical brand. Now let's turn to the International group, where the results reflected solid internal sales growth in local currencies and as well as the impact of certain successful strategic acquisitions. I'm happy to report to shareholders today that we once again, achieved solid growth in all of our major international markets. The UK had a good quarter driven by strong dental consumable equipment sales as well as the results from the Minerva acquisition, the full service dental business that we acquired in April. Minerva is now fully integrated into our UK business and we are seeing synergies from the sales of consumables to Minerva customers and additional equipment to the Henry Schein customers. Our business in France reported strong quarter, a strong quarter driven by sales in both merchandise and equipment. We reported good sales growth in Germany, driven by strong equipment sales. We had a very strong quarter in Australia and New Zealand from a sales point of view and of course from a profit point of view as well. We recently signed an exclusive agreement with Danaher to be the exclusive distributor of their cable line in Australia to supplement our already good offering of equipments in that country. Finally, we reported good sales in Italy, driven by particularly strong equipment growth. We also are very pleased with the SAP software platform that is now fully implemented in our Italian businesses which will help us operate more efficiently on a pan-European basis. The strategy for overall European business is to move all of our businesses on to a common platform. I returned from our Italian business last night, had extremely good meetings with our Italian team yesterday which yet again proves that the concept of migrating to a common platform for Henry Schein businesses throughout the world is correct way to go and in the end will be very, very good for top-line growth as well as reducing our expenses and therefore increasing our operating margin. Finally, let me conclude by review of our business groups with the discussion of the technology and value-added services group. This group extended its long history of excellent sales growth for the quarter, sales up 29% over the prior year period. Revenue growth reflects the acquisition last year of Software of Excellence, a leading supplier of innovative clinical practice, management solutions, and related equipment. Software of Excellence with its excellent management team continues to perform very well and above our expectations. We are gratified to see that the strategy to incorporate dental imaging sales into the Software of Excellence business is working very well. We also saw continued good growth in financial services, as I mentioned earlier on, as a number of equipment and practiced financing transactions increased by more than 30% in the third quarter, compared with the previous year and we remain ready with the appropriate credit lines to support fourth quarter equipment sales and of course into 2009. So, in closing, we did achieve solid third quarter financial results. We also are pleased to be on track to meet the full year guidance for 2008 that we introduced over a year ago. Despite deterioration in the over all economic environment, we think that this is a testament to the management team and to all 12,000 team Schein members that over a year ago, we developed the appropriate plans to generate the earnings guidance and related results. We of course fine tuned those plans during the year and are confident that the guidance that Steven provided is within our comfort zone. Further more as testament to our confidence in the strength of our business model, we have introduced 2009 guidance that features EPS growth of 11% to 14%, again in the face of macro economic trends. With nearly $290 million cash and equivalent, low debt levels, positive cash flow, our new credit facility completed at a time when the interest rates were far more reasonable than today, we're on very strong financial position to implement our strategic plan and to seize new business opportunities. As stated earlier, our customers continue to have busy practices, albeit with slightly less backlog than perhaps a year ago and which may in fact impact certain elective procedures. We believe that with expanding number of products and value added services which adhere towards helping practitioners operate a better small business and provide better clinical care during these challenging times, we believe that we are able to offer great services that are needed at this time for our customers and remain very optimistic about the future of Henry Schein. We believe that the decision we made to reduce headcount by 300 team Schein members is appropriate and in conformity with our needs as a company to invest more funding in the business, to grow the business and at the same time deliver on our consensus estimates as Steven provided earlier on and so help to increase shareholder value. So, with that overview I think for your attention this morning. And now operator we're ready to take questions. Thank you. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you, Sir. [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Yes, Stan. Just quick question on the equipment business. I'm curious to get your opinion on what you think that Dennis is reacting to, I mean clearly you suggested, he has seen little bit of slowdown in his backlog. Do you think that's what he is nervous about? Doesn't sound like it's a credit issue, or do you think it's really just a loss of his own personal wealth? That maybe is making him a little bit more cautious in terms of buying new equipment?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Glen. I think we noticed a postponement of installations right about the time when the markets started to slide in the middle of September. The decision I think to postpone purchase of particularly the high end equipment is related to in our view the net worth and the shock of receiving financial statements from brokers towards the end of... towards early October but in anticipation of those statements the concern emerged in the middle of September. We're now in the process of explaining to our customers the value of using this new equipment. Specifically the high tech equipment in helping the practitioner operate a more efficient practice so that they can focus on increased productivity, reducing expenses and managing the practice and off course providing better clinical care. But we think that the concern relates to the financial condition of the practitioner rather than a rapid slowdown in patient flow. Although as we've said for a long time, the more elective procedures, whether it's in the orthodontic or implant area, perhaps in expensive laboratory area all I think contribute to a marginal slowing in the consumable demand... demand for consumable products.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Stan, if I could maybe just ask one follow-up question to that, so if the weakness is on the high end, it kind of sounds like it's maybe in 3D, Cone Beam and maybe the soft tissue laser. I mean one of the big growth categories for you has been digital x-ray. I mean are you still seeing some growth there? Or you still believe you're taking market share? And I guess based on your 2009 outlook, you're kind of assuming that, this current environment persists for at least a couple few quarters and is that the primary catalyst for may be a slightly lower than normal outlook as it relates to 2009?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Glen, the question you are asking is one that I personally get over to our senior management, spend lot of time reviewing with our suppliers, specifically at the ADA meeting and we believe that we continue on balance to gain market share on the consumable side and the equipment side. I think it's only prudent for us to be a little bit more cautionary because we have all intentions and desires and a big drive to deliver on the results that Steven has articulated in the guidance. These numbers do contemplate a stronger dollar which at the margin doesn't impact earnings a lot but with a steep rise in the dollar there is some impact on the bottom line. We've got to take that into account. I think we've got to take into account for 2009 that we will sell proportionately less flu vaccine. And so I think on balance taking all of this into account and really not knowing where the economy is going to be heading and whether there will be even a moderate recovery in the financial statements from a market equity point of view of our customers, I think it is prudent for us to be taking little bit more caution. I believe on the digital x-ray side, we well continue to grow; how fast we grow is very hard to tell. We see good demand for D4D, but as you correctly point out on the more expensive items, there is a challenge. One should also recognize and we are getting perhaps a little too micro, that on the 3D side there are now medium field review new products available at much lower price. That is also taking some market share from most expensive units and we have actually seen a movement from more expensive dental units, chairs... to the lower price units. You know all of these are small but I think it is absolutely appropriate for us to be little bit more cautionary and at the same time for us to continue to invest in our business because we see great, great opportunity in the medical, dental and international arena to increase our footprints and over time increase our overall profitability and shareholder value. We remain very optimistic about Henry Schein and our opportunities.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Okay very good thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Thanks very much and good morning. I just had couple of follow up question as it pertains to the guidance and looking to next year. First when we think about foreign currency, I think that Stan you said that there won't be an enormous impact but obviously I think it helps you in 2008. May be you could just talk about the headwinds and the differences between the two years, it being the first time. And then secondly, on the positive side you have talked about on the private label product being up 20% and obviously the margins been better in that portion of your business. Can you talk about what your expectations are for private label and potentially where do you think it could potentially go and then just lastly I think that when you gave Steven the guidance for next year, you usually give us some indication as to what your expectations are around margin improvement, did I missed that or did you just not give it this year. Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Lisa, thank you. Let me just go on to the private label side. The private label drive is particularly strong in the medical arena. Position reimbursement per procedure is going down. There are many instances that practitioners are expecting it to go down, in light of the expectations on reimbursement from Washington. Having said that, the number of procedures clearly is going up in the out patient physician office setting. So, the physicians who see the use of private brand in the hospital setting are very comfortable using private brand. So, the marked movement towards private brand I think is to be expected on the medical side. Likewise, in Europe, we have seen in certain countries, a rapid movement towards private brand. On the dental side here, I don't think it's as common for the technique sensitive items and there will be there will be not a major shift. We also do not sell private brand equipment in general, certainly not in the U.S., maybe in one or two smaller businesses in Europe. So, I think I would like to qualify my earlier statement. I do believe there will be a continual movement towards private brand on the medical side and in specific markets in Europe and a slight movement on the dental side in the United States and not in the equipment arena. As far as foreign exchange is concerned and margins, let me ask Steven to respond to that.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. On foreign exchange, we did have some benefit this year. The benefit in Q3 was really insignificant, but on a year-to-date basis, it's probably somewhere plus or minus a $0.01 per quarter on a year-to-date basis. So that it didn't have favorable impact. We are not expecting a favorable impact going forward into 2009. Again we really try to manage the business. We don't hedge that translation adjustment because of planning economic exposure. It's only an economy exposure. So we do expect the dollar to continue to strengthen a bit from where it is today and that's factored into our guidance. With respect to margins, yes we did not give specific margin guidance on the call just now. But I would say that we do expect to get operating margin expansion and we do expect to be on the high-end of our long-term goals, specifically because we have introduced, I mean other expense reduction initiative that will have benefits in 2009. And we are expecting sales growth to moderate a bit. So obviously, if we are going to achieve our guidance. We do expect to get strong margin expansion in 2009.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: All right. Thank you very much.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randall Stanicky.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks for the question. Just two follow up questions around the guidance. One, can you just help us to understand how we should think about the annualized cost savings of the restructuring $24 million to $27 million to roll on and then second as we look at the minority line of that [ph] Camlog was down and we talked last quarter about that being flattish. So can you maybe talk about what you've built in terms of expectations around that? Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Second point, about being flattish I didn't hear?
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: In terms of your minority line in Camlog just how do we think about that line item going forward?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, first on the expense reductions. It won't be perfectly evenly throughout the year, it will be little bit more increasing over the year. It will be relatively throughout the entire year for 2009, because we do expect the activities to be completed by the year end. That's why we're expecting the new charge to occur all in the fourth quarter and therefore we do expect it to be relatively even throughout the year. With respect to minority interest, the growth in the minority interest even though it's an expense item, it's a good growth because that means that the controlling interest that we have, primarily in two business, the Camlog business and the Australian business where we own over 50% of both of those business units has been growing very nicely because of growth the minority interest in that net income should continue to grow as are underlying business profitability grows.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: Right, but in terms of off a little bit, should we think about this quarter as being appropriate run rate growing forward?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: This quarter again because Camlog has a significant amount of business in Germany and because I think you should realize summer months are the slowest months for our International operations. I don't think this is the typical run rate I think you are going to see it increase a bit.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In Q4 as well as again as the business grows, it should increase proportionate to the growth in the business profits.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: And just to be clear on the expense run rate? What quarter should we think about as being sort of the peak savings in terms of annualizing that number going forward?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't know if I have specific on the peak. Again, it will be relatively even throughout the year.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: It sounds like you get there fairly quickly then if the cost savings are done in short order going forward by Q1 and Q2, it looks like we sort of... realize most of those cost savings. Is that fair?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think that's a fair way of looking it, yes.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks guys.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby.
Robert Willoughby - Banc Of America Securities: What if any impact are you are seeing from your competitors free dental software program and secondarily you did redo the Glaxo relationship, where do we see or where we see the impacts on your financial statements from doing that?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Firstly, on the competitive marketplace, we really don't see much of an impact. On the software side there has been a gradual movement from the sale of general software to electronic claims processing and other electronic services and this movement began about three or four years ago and will continue we think for a while, while not actually permanently. So providing free software is something that we also provide but I don't think at the end of day that's what drives the sale. There's much more to driving equipment sales and consumable sales and free software and that's not something we are responding to in any particular way, we've had this kind of a plan in place for a while in any event.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes I'll talk about the Glaxo amendment, really we don't expect it to have any significant impact on our financial results, basically the amendment did two things. First it's shortened the duration of the contract. It is now a five year contract, it was a contract for a longer period of time. But with a five year committed contract with this amendment. And the second thing is it really aligned our purchase commitment to what Glaxo's production expectations are currently. And so before this amendment on how purchase commitments allowed for incremental purchase commitments based on their production expectations, but given now their new production expectation is really aligned with that. It did effect for 2008 so again from a financial prospective it was really kind of cleaning up the contract and really should not see or expect to see any noticeable results in our financial results this year or in future years.
Robert Willoughby - Banc Of America Securities: So no charge or intangible whatsoever on that?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Robert Willoughby - Banc Of America Securities: And just lastly where do the cuts come, you are shutting some facilities, letting 300 people go, what areas will they be across the company or any targeted areas?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think you will across the company both domestically, internationally, where it is a very difficult decision to let any team Schein members go. The 2.5% impact in any particular business is not material, it's across the board in all our businesses.
Robert Willoughby - Banc Of America Securities: That's great thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derek Leckow.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research: Thank you, Steven just a question here on the operating margin and the savings you talked about. If I leave the model alone and plug in the numbers you gave I get about 30 to 40 basis point contraction in operating margin before the savings, and then with the savings I guess the question becomes are you also anticipating some contraction in the gross margin next year?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Again we're getting into really specific guidance that we typically don't get into but we're really not expecting any significant changes in our gross margins going forward. Again I will point out that as we've see in Q3 the bulk of our business really has very little impact on economic changes, mainly the consumable part of the business. We do expect slower growth in the equipment side and as equipment does have very good margin especially incremental equipment sales. You should factor that into your modeling also.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research: That'sabout getting up a mix issue for next year and also you guys I think used a lower assumption for influenza vaccine. Why is that and what impact would that have also on the margin?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well if you look at our guidance we try to do, there is lot of uncertainty in the economy, there is some uncertainty in our business and we really try to be conservative in the guidance that we're giving. We want to make sure that we'll achieve our guidance and hopeful that there are opportunities for acquisitions and other things so we can do better. So when you look across the board on the EPS growth, again we try to be conservative, the same thing with flu vaccine. We want to be conservative in our expectations for what we're going to sell in 2009. So that why we are little bit lower than where we expect it to come in this year, and again it's just generally that we feel that it's important to put to out guidance, given all the uncertainty in the market that we feel comfortable that we can achieve that we have high confidence that we could achieve. And during the year there is something that's positive, there's always opportunities to update guidance during the year.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Just a follow on little bit on what Steven said. Our goal over the last several years has been to reduce the percentage of profits from the flu arena and we have been executing in accordance with that plan. We are focused on selling flu vaccine to our customers in for the general customers for medical products which tend to be the small practitioners. And it's that context that we are focused on the practitioner versus some of the larger customers in the flu area such as these flu clinics, the providers of flu in pharmacies et cetera, nursing home providers. That's interesting business but in line with our concept of reducing the volume of low margin pharmaceuticals, we would like to remain focused on the specific customers that we sell general products to smaller practitioners who appreciate the service from the Henry Schein and are therefore prepared to pay a little bit more and accordingly find that a better business to go after and therefore are reducing expectations for the sale of flu vaccine.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research: So, in summary, its sounds like despite the fact that you're expecting lower volumes on equipment, the margins should be fairly stable, the gross margin?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think that's right.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research: Okay.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think, we also, as Steven mentioned earlier on, on the overall operating margin, continue to move the business towards our strategic goal, which is to increase margins by 25 to 50 basis points. That is our overall goal and our budget for 2009 contemplates that goal continuing.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research: Okay. Thank you, very much. Good luck.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Marsh.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning, Stanley and Steve. Just a couple of follow-ups. Could it be... you may have already said this, but I know coming into this quarter, you talked about flu; all these contribution for '08 being that $0.13 to $0.16 per share is that... are you at the higher end of that given your volume is a little bit higher and how do we even think about conceptually the flu contribution for '09?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, for 2008, we are still within the range. We are not going to be very specific. We still expect to be in the range of $0.13 to $0.16. It will probably the slightly lower in 2009 again because right know our expectations are to sell little bit less doses than we are selling into 2008.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: Right.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And so it'll be slightly less.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: Okay, and then just to make sure I got this right the... when you sort of think about what are your assumptions for '09 given the accounting translation on your foreign business. What is your general level of expectations of the exchange rate between euro and the dollars as your budget?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right now we are contemplating that the dollar will stay the same or strengthen slightly. There was a big move just a couple of weeks or so we've got with the dollar strengthened significantly and obviously Larry, I want to caution you we're not experts in forecasting the way dollar goes but again there's been some headwind benefits in 2008 and we think there will be... sorry some tailwind benefits and we think there will some headwind in 2009 because of foreign exchange.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: Right, to just be clear as the dollar-euro exchange rates you just called out 125 to 130 you are saying that your thinking is the dollar could strengthen a little bit in '09, knowing that you're not been an expert in principal you add if it does and that would again constitute incremental a headwind of maybe a couple of cents or more versus '08.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's right, that's exactly right. We will call out, if the dollar does move dramatically in anyway and we'll talk about that and will be transparent in our future conference calls because it's not something that we can obviously control.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: Okay
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Dollar weakened over a long period of time and a rapid increase in dollar obviously is of concern. If it strengthens in a moderate way that's one thing but when we have these rapid changes, I think we need to take those into account.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: Right as you're doing in your... in your expectations.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: ut I think it's the time maybe we're little cautious but no one knows where the system would go.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: Yes that's certainly prudent and just on the... Steve how are you thinking about your allowance for doubtful accounts? Do you think about the economy being more challenging, obviously you've done a good job of bringing that down as a percentage of the gross receivables. There is another fact on your expectation that you might have that creep up a little bit more in '09 or no?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, we're monitoring our accounts receivable very closely. The good news is we're really not seeing in any parts of our business, any lengthening of people taking longer to pay. In fact we saw even in Q3, our DSOs improved slightly, versus last year. So right now customers continue to pay very well. So our customer base again from the credit risk point of view is probably one of the best customer groups in any industry. So we are really not expecting bad debt exposure to creep up at all. But we'll monitor it very closely and we'll make sure that, customers continue to pay timely.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, just a second question again around the markets. It seems like one of the topics at ABA was credit availability. And I'm kind of curious from what you said, do you feel like that market's been disrupted a bit, especially given GE being out of it completely for a while. And is that also factoring your expectations for '09, and are you... have you ever given us sort of sense how much that total equipment leasing business should now originating through Henry Schein's financial services?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Larry, as we mentioned in the call, we actually are very pleased with our access to funds. Although, you are correct GE and even Citibank as a result of the sale of the business that you are referring to GE close a major disruption. But from our customer's point of view, we did not need miss a beat and feel very confident that the credit lines that we have available for the fourth quarter and into 2009 are very good. We have competitive offerings through Henry Schein Financial Services and Steven and the team in Henry Schein Financial Services, I think have done an outstanding job which puts us in a comparative advantage. As to the profitability of Schein Financial Services I will let Steven answer that.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, let me just before I go to the profitability, I think it's important to note in the dental as well as position space, fact that GE is pretty much not giving much financing at all today will have a negative impact generally in financing in our market. That will not impact us. We have access to three different sources of finance and I won't name them just for competitive reasons. We are doing more financing today, than we've ever done. As Stanley said in his prepared remarks on the third quarter was up about 30% in the number of transactions that were financing. So Henry Schein, I think does have a competitive advantage in being able to access financing for our customers. Again, let me just also repeat, we have no credit risk through us on those financing transactions. We get paid immediately from the financing sources. And we do get paid effectively sales commission, of points for every transaction that we bring. And it a private brand financing for our customers. So I think we are in very good position, financing is a small business financial services for us. But it is very profitable, has very high operating margins. And our goal is to continue it. But again not to take the credit risk because we really don't want to be a bank, or a financing institution.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: Right. And so in terms of total amount of business that is being leased, what percentage is coming through your sort of brand? Have you ever given us that idea?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, but I can tell you that. Henry Schein Financial Services which has more than one private brand, is probably financing our huge U.S. dental equipment, because I know that number, probably, as much as 30% or 35% of all the equipment that we sell. So it's a very high percentage of what we sell, we finance. On private brand. Now there are some customers that may use financing outside of Henry Schein. They may go through a bank credit line or home equity line or some other sources, but I think if you compare private level financing, 30% is very solid penetration.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: Okay. One other quickly, it sounds like then Stanley, you are saying that despite Eagle Frosting [ph] given away. You are really not seeing that as a surprise, there is not really change in the profitability or technology business. So are you communicating that you don't even see guidance being economically sensitive the way some of this equipment is being impacted?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. I think and we supported this through our calls over the years. The movement in revenue on the U.S. dental software business is one of migrating and has been one of migrating to electronic services, in fact providing software free or no charge or at a minimal charge may in certain instances be very profitable because of the ongoing recurring revenue. I don't want to get into details because of competitive situation and the way in which we market our software. But and I'm talking about the U.S. dental business, the European business Software of Excellence is a different model because there is a different kind of synergy between digital x-ray and software. It's a different model. But in the U.S. the changes you refer to not are really impacting our business. It's a quality of the system, the overall service that's important. That is received from our field consultants that's important and then what is ultimately important in this whole equation is how recurring revenue, we can make from the customer. All of that's taken into account and has been taken into account for a long time now in the overall relationship with the customer. We believe we continue to gain market share on the digital side and we're very, very pleased with our Dexis relationship plus some of the other products that we offer in that arena.
Lawrence Marsh - Barclays Capital: Very good, and finally I was assuming your communicating today you'd still look to be opportunistic in making acquisitions given your steady cash flows both domestically, internationally or you are saying, you might want to be a little bit more conservative in allocation of cash during the next year?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think I would hope we've always being conservative in the way in which we managed our M&A program.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: More conservative yes.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our Pipeline is as full as ever, we of course are very cautious as we always have been on business we buy and the business we buy are generally always business that tie in to the office base practitioner environments either tuck in acquisitions or geographic expansion or product expansions for that group of customers. So I think you can expect us without making any commitments obviously because we cannot make comments until a deal is signed to continue to make acquisitions at the level that we've made over the year... the past few years although I think it is fair to say that the prices of acquisitions has come down a little bit because the smaller competitors are having a problem accessing capital. We're very pleased with our current cash balance or marketable securities balance on our balance sheet and also the line of credit that Steven was able to agree to with our banks about six weeks ago.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kreger.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: Hi thanks, two quick questions. One, could you give us an update on how D4D is performing, now that you've gone from a control launch to a broader launch and Stanley could you also perhaps expand just a bit more on how you're seeing your European business perform. Certainly there's a lot of evidence that those economies are slowing but we also have the perception that that's more of a government reimbursed services, just curious if you're seeing slowing in those end markets within the EU?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes on D4D we remain very optimistic on the product. I think so I think its some what out of a control launch we're filling classes very nicely, we're not dramatically increasing the capacity of classes, the systems we're selling are sticking very nicely. We are having no problem in financing these acquisitions, we're seeing a steady growth in consumable sales in that area. And we believe that D4D will continue to contribute in terms of sales growth of equipment over the next year or so and perhaps cushion some of the decrease in sales of the very, very high tech... very, very expensive high tech equipment and we can justify to our customers that they can save money by installing a D4D product. We're very happy with the quality of the product I think the studies have been done by some of the universities; although not public yet are showing very, very good promise and we think the product overall is as competitive on all the major features as any other product, but actually better on many of the features as well. As far as Europe is concerned, the economy is obviously impacting the financial statements, the savings of our practitioner customers. We did have a very good quarter in the third quarter. We obviously can't give specific guidance on the fourth quarter other than we think that we continue to gain market share and we think the consumable market share in general is not going backward, may be growing slightly. On the equipment side is the usual fourth quarter the year before the FDI meeting that we have to take into account. I think you're aware that every two years in either March or April there is a significant Dental show in Germany in Cologne where new equipment is shown and very good deals are offered to the practitioners. And for that context that every years the fourth quarter tends to be not as good as the previous quarter, given that practitioners are waiting for the new products that will be launched and also are awaiting to see what kind of deals are offered at the show ... at the IDS show in Cologne. So overall, I think the European business from a market share points of view continues to grow. The profitability of our... the expected profitability of our international business is taken into account in Steven's guidance and we remain very optimistic about our opportunities in Europe and Australia, and New Zealand.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: Thanks very much Stanley.
Operator: We do have time to take one more question. And it comes from line of David Veal.
David Veal - Morgan Stanley: Okay, just a couple of follow up questions on the guidance. Steve if I'm doing the math right, the fourth quarter numbers look like $ 0.88 to $ 0.90. Is that the right range?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think that's correct.
David Veal - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And could you just walk us through what you are thinking for the debt side of the equations that convert and also the senior notes for that are due to next year?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. Let me just me point out that you mentioned Q4. Remember because of flu vaccine being available earlier this year than last year, you do have some timing that was accelerated in Q3 this year over Q4. So, just keep that in mind when looking at Q4 in isolation. With respect to what's going on with our convertible bonds, as you may know there is a change in the accounting that is required starting January 1st for the convert that is factored into our guidance, because obviously it's something we are aware that we know about and the change is already done. So that will have somewhere about a $0.03 or $0.04 additional expenses impact and is build into our 2009 guidance. With respect to maturities that are coming due at this point we have ample availability through free cash flow as well as our credit line really just to re pay some of those senior notes as they come due and that would be the plan at this point.
David Veal - Morgan Stanley: So you wouldn't just taken on some new debts to replace that then?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't think we need to. We'll see at that time what the debt market and obviously we do have a very attractive terms then I will existing credit facility but there is no need really that we are going to position, we have to refinance, so we could just refinance it with the revolving credit facility.
David Veal - Morgan Stanley: And I guess conversely, if you saw deal like that might have come down the pike you wouldn't be opposed to taking on some debt to get that done?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct. Hopefully, as Stanley said, I think acquisition opportunities because we have a strong balance sheet and we have $280 million of cash on the balance sheet at the end of the third quarter, in addition to the $400 million credit line. I am hopeful that we're going to see attractive opportunities in acquisitions because valuations from a year or two ago, certainly should be down from where they historically have been.
David Veal - Morgan Stanley: Great, I appreciate the question.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Operator: And we now have reached the allotted time for the Q&A portion. Are there any closing remarks?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much everyone for participating in the call. I am sorry it went on 10 minutes longer than we usually allot. But I think there were just a lot of questions and we wanted to give everyone a chance to ask at least one question. As I think you've heard from both Steven and myself, although we are somewhat cautious about the macro economic trends, we feel that the business is of course in good shape as I mentioned several times and Steven mentioned several times. Our customers are busy, that's the reports of the practices that are not as busy as in the past. The business generally is in good shape. We are not immune from the economic environment. We had very good plans in place to manage our growth in sales, in gross profits, gross profit both internal and through acquisitions and therefore, the increased operating margin and we believe we can turn all of this into consistent earnings per share growth as Steven has mentioned, and in turn the EPS into cash flow. Together with our good balance sheet and the cautionary changes we've made in our team to reduce our expense exposure, I think we will do very well during these turbulent times and continue to deliver shareholder value as we have in the past. So thank you again for joining us. If you have any questions please feel to call Steve Paladino, our Chief Financial Officer at 631-843-5500. And I believe his direct extension is 5915. So thank you very for participating in this call. And we will be back again in
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: About three months.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Is it three months or is it in little longer because of the fourth quarter. So about 120 days. So thank you very much.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Neal Goldner - VP of IR Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and CEO Steven Paladino - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs John Kreger - William Blair & Company, L.L.C Erin Gore - Banc of America Securities Lisa Gill - JPMorgan Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein Second Quarter Continue Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Neal Goldner, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Neal.
Neal Goldner - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, Courtney, and my many thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's second quarter results. If you have not received a copy of our earnings news release, you can access it on our website at www.henryschein.com. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in our company's business may affect the matters referred to forward in looking statements. As a result the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Also these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commissions filings. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, August 5, 2008. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I asked that during the Q&A portion of today's call, you limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for this call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman. Stanley?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Neal. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. We are delighted to report a 19% increase in net sales and a 20% increase in earnings from continuing operations for the second quarter of 2008. These results reflect a strong contribution from our International Group, as well as solid growth here in the United States from our Dental Group. We have said before that our customers' practices are relatively resistant to macroeconomic trends, they are certainly not immune and our first half results clearly support this thinking. Our results also illustrate Henry Schein's ability to deliver consistently strong sales and earnings growth. We remain confident about the future of Henry Schein and the confidence that we feel is demonstrated by the fact that in the last quarter we repurchased approximately $32 million of our common stock during the quarter. In a moment I will provide some commentary on each of our four business groups. But first I'll ask our Chief Financial Officer, Steve Paladino, to provide an overview of our second quarter financial results. Steve?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, thank you, Stan. Let me begin by saying that I am also very pleased to report very strong financial performance for the second quarter. Let me first point out that our prior year information was restated to report the oncology pharmaceutical and specialty pharmacy businesses as discontinued operations. So for purposes of comparison, I will discuss our Q2 2008 results compared with results from continuing operations in the prior quarter. There is no impact from our discontinued operations in the current year's quarter. Our net sales for the quarter ended June 28, 2008 were $1.6 billion, reflecting 18.6% growth over the second quarter of 2007 or 13.6% growth in local currencies. 4% of this growth was internally generated, while 9.6% was acquisition growth, primarily due to the acquisitions of Dunlop, a leading UK animal health products supplier, as well as Software of Excellence, a leading provider and supplier of practice management systems in the UK, Australia and New Zealand, and finally by our acquisition of Minerva, a full service dental distributor in the UK. Please note that our details of sales growth are contained in Exhibit A, which is attached to our earnings release issued earlier today. We also previously announced an initiative of reducing sales of certain lower margin pharmaceutical products. Excluding the sales of those products, our internal sales growth in local currencies was approximately 6.6% for the quarter. Our operating margin for the second quarter of 2008 was 6.9% and was more than 30 basis points higher than the second quarter of 2007. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 34.1%. That compares to 34.3% in the second quarter of 2007. We expect our full year 2008 effective tax rate to remain in the 34% range. Our second quarter net income was $65.5 million, which represents 20.3% growth from the prior year's second quarter net income from continuing operations. Earnings per diluted share for the second quarter was $0.71 and that reflects an increase of 18.3% over diluted EPS from continuing operations for the second quarter of 2007. Now I'd like to provide you some detail on our sales results for the second quarter. Dental sales for the second quarter of 2008 were $660 million, representing 9.7% growth in U.S. dollars or 8.7% growth in local currencies. 7.2% of this local currency growth was internally generated and approximately 1.5% was due to acquisitions. Our consumable merchandise sales were 7.9% ahead of the prior year in local currencies with 6.3% internally generated. And our Dental equipment sales and service revenues were 11% ahead of the prior year in local currencies with 9.9% internally generated. While E4D our new product, that we launched last quarter, positively impacted our second quarter Dental equipment sales growth, to be consistent with past practices, we are not providing unit or sales information for competitive reasons. Our Medical sales were $329 million in the second quarter, down 8.3%. The components of that were internal sales decreased 8.9% and there was an acquisition which had 0.6% growth. As we have said on our previous conference calls, we are providing sales growth excluding the sales of certain lower margin pharmaceutical products to give a better understanding of our underlying Medical Group sales trends. Our Medical Group internal sales growth excluding these products was approximately 1%. Remember this builds on approximately 8% internal growth achieved during last year's second quarter. Turning to our International Group, sales for the second quarter of 2008 were $615 million, up 55.7% over the prior year. Our growth in local currencies was 39.7% with 10.9% internally generated and 28.8% from acquisition growth, again due primarily to the acquisitions of Dunlop and Minerva. Our foreign exchange currency contributed about 16% to our International sales growth. We are really particularly pleased with our double-digit internal sales growth reported by our International Group, which excludes the benefit of any foreign currency effects. Turning to our Technology and Value-Added Services sales, they were $41.1 million, which were 29% ahead of Q2 '07, 28.6% was local currency growth, and 0.4% was growth related to foreign exchange. Of the 28.6% local currency growth, 1.8% was internally generated and the balance of 26.8% was due primarily to the acquisition of Software of Excellence. We are really very pleased with the Software of Excellence acquisitions, as it had a strong quarter and exceeded our own internal expectations. Our electronic and financial services businesses, which are subcomponent of our Technology and Value-Added Service sales also had a very strong quarter for the second quarter. It's also important to note that last year, our Technology Group reported internal sales growth of over 25% in the second quarter and that made for a difficult comparison this quarter. Let's take a brief look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $125 million compared with $115 million in last year's second quarter. We continue to expect to achieve operating cash flow for the year to be in excess of net income. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding from continuing operations was 39.8 days this quarter and that compares to 40.6 days in the prior year's second quarter. Our inventory turns from continuing operations was 6.6 turns and that compares to about the same number, 6.7 turns in last year's second quarter, but is an improvement over the first quarter where we were about 6.3 turns. Finally, our return on committed capital from continuing operations was up to 36.9% and that compares to 34% last year. Let me conclude my remarks by discussing guidance. Today, we are reaffirming our full year 2008 financial guidance as follows: we expect 2008 diluted EPS to be in the range of $2.93 to $3.00 per share and that represents growth of 14% to 16% compared to the 2007 reported results. This 2008 EPS guidance includes our expectation that we will distribute 12 million to 15 million doses of influenza vaccine during the year and that represents earnings of about $0.13 to $0.16 per diluted share. And as always, our guidance is from current operations including any completed or previously announced acquisitions, but does not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions. Let me now turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much, Steve. I would like to provide you with some additional commentary on each of our four business groups. On the Dental side, we posted, as you can see from the press release, a solid sales growth during the quarter and continue to gain market share in both the consumable merchandise and equipment product categories. Our Dental customers continue to have busy practices and while certain aspects of the business are impacted by macroeconomic conditions, our sales mix reflects relatively modest exposure to those high-end and elective procedures. This was evident in our 9% growth in consumer dental merchandise this quarter with over two-thirds of that coming from internal growth. So, we believe that both from an internal growth point of view and, of course, from a total growth point of view, we continue to gain market share on the consumable side in a relatively healthy market andm of course, on the equipment side. On the equipment side, we recorded another quarter of double-digit growth and continue to be pleased with our relationship with our key equipment suppliers, including the Donahue [ph] Group, Serona, and BIOLASE. The quarter was highlighted by gains in high-tech products, including digital imaging and the progress we are making with the E4D launch. The quarter marked our first full quarter of E4D, the CAD/CAM product. I'm happy to report that we saw acceleration in sales of E4D compared with the first quarter and we expect further acceleration in the third and fourth quarters of 2008 and, of course, into 2009 when we will see our first full year of E4D sales. As we've said previously, during this time our primary goal is to ensure that our early user experiences from the use of E4D are overwhelming positive. We are delighted that feedback from dentists remains very, very encouraging. During the second quarter, we began distributing the ARESTIN in the United States. Under the exclusive agreement with Orapharma, J&J, a Johnson and Johnson Company. We are pleased with already success with this product which provides unique benefits for treating periodontal disease and is one of the first major non-invasive diagnostic/ pharmacological treatment products that we expect to see more of in the future. And our ARESTIN, our pharma relationship sets the foundation for an important strategy for us. We're also pleased with our exclusive agreements with Colgate, one of the world's largest oral care companies and remain very excited about growing that part of our business, specifically the area of preventative dentistry and Colgate is really well-positioned to help us reach that goal. We recently held our Annual Dental National Sales Meeting, Texas. This event always provides a tremendous opportunity to hear directly from our sales people about market conditions. The feedback we received confirmed that the dental market continues to grow nicely. It's not totally immune from macroeconomic trends that remain quite resistant to such ups and downs. It was an energizing meeting with more than 17,000 Team Schein members in attendance and moral across our sales force remains very, very high. Our sales force understands our strategy of combining direct marketing with database marketing, tele sales, highly robust internet strategy, and all of that driven by our field sales consultant strategy, which is now, by the way, a global strategy on the dental, medical and companion animal side and is doing very, very well for us. The meeting also allowed our vendor partners the opportunity to introduce and showcase their products to our sales force and to strengthen our relationship with all of our major vendor partners. In fact, one vendor partner BIOLASE Technology launched the new Waterlase C100 hard and soft tissue laser at the meeting. The Waterlase C100 is positioned to appeal to broader cross-section of dental market and we were very, very pleased with BIOLASE management's choice to launch this exciting new product at our National Sales Meeting and again it was well, well received. We continue to be very closely aligned in strategy with BIOLASE and the two organizations' management teams are working closer together and that is cascading down into the field in a very nice way. We expect continued strong dental equipment growth, driven by further gains in advanced technology products, including the 3D imaging digital radiography, as well as an acceleration in E4D sales here in North America. In addition, with less than 28% of our 2007 North American dental sales represented by dental equipment, we believe we are still somewhat underpenetrated in this important category relative to the overall dental equipment market, which presents further upside to the company. Finally, the favorable tax incentives should also drive equipment sales growth in the United States in the fourth quarter. On the Medical side, we are having good success in rolling out our Privileges program to our Medical customers. This was our frequent purchase program that has been so successful on the Dental side and in several international markets. We ended 2007 with approximately 2,000 Medical customers enrolled in Privileges and at end of the second quarter that number had increased to more than 5,000. This program has been very well-received by our sales team and our customers. Last quarter I discussed with you the Henry Schein Medical brand and the progress we have made under the Medical One World initiative. With a single brand in the marketplace coupled with growth, we have see in the privilege enrollment program, we look forward to capitalizing on future sales growth opportunities within our Medical Group. This optimism was reinforced during our Annual Medical National Sales meeting, which was held in June. Also, a very successful meeting where the moral of our medical sales organization remains quite high, in fact, very high. The meeting provided us with opportunities for team building, strengthening partnerships with vendors, and gaining insight into the marketplace. The event also provided Dave McKinley, the Medical Group President, with an opportunity to interact with the full Medical sales force all at once. More than 600 Team Schein members attended the meeting, along with more than 250 participants from our vendor partners. All in all, a very successful meeting. We are focused on profitability of our Medical business, the concept of value-added services, and fielding an even more capable sales force than we already have and that sales force is already excellent in the consultative area and we are focused on increasing the training and effectiveness under that sales force so that we can increase the profitability of the medical business, which is already quite profitable, but we feel that there remains a lot of opportunity for expanding the product offering and increasing the profitability of our medical business and, therefore, do not see a need or importance in putting capital to work in the lower margin pharmaceutical sector. To conclude my comments on the Medical Group, I want to note that we remain optimistic about the upcoming flu season, influenza season based on current market conditions and our customer order activity, as well as indications from manufacturers that we will receive product relatively early this year. Now, turning to the International Group. As I mentioned at the start of call, our international operations were particularly strong contributors to second quarter financial results with double-digit internal sales growth in local currencies. Our internal growth remains very strong in Europe and in Australia and New Zealand. Our International Group reported strong growth in all the major markets, highlighted by solid dental growth. The United Kingdom had an excellent quarter, driven by strength in dental business and the acquisition of Minerva, a full service dental business that we acquired in April and expands our equipment footprints in the UK. It is our goal to expand our equipment footprint throughout Europe as a follow on to our successes in North America with respect to equipment sales and equipment market share growth. We also saw strong growth in Germany, supported by marketing events and our showrooms and sales of high-tech equipping and imaging products. Our business in France had a very strong quarter as well, driven by the sales of laboratory equipments and growth in our mail order discount operation in France. Henry Schein, the full service business, is also doing well in France. Italy reported good growth in dental merchandise sales and we continue to expand our full service dental model so that we can provide national equipment sales and service coverage in the near future. We are following the similar strategy to the strategy we followed in the United States and in France where we fill out the map over a couple of year period of time so that we became a full service provider of dental equipment throughout those countries. We hope to be the first national platform for dental equipment and a full service model in Italy in the near future. And our performance, as I mentioned, in Australia and New Zealand was also excellent, reflecting strong growth in both the merchandise and dental equipment sectors. We are also pleased to report that W. & J. Dunlop acquisition continues to perform above expectations. Our pan-European veterinary companion animal distribution business continues to do well as a group. And we see over time creating the first pan-European companion animal veterinary platform where we will be able to provide excellent services to our customers, unique services, may I add, and to the vendor community. We continue to look forward to the improvements in operating margins in our International Group as we drive more products through our infrastructure, continue to rollout our standardized SAP technology platform in Continental Europe. The integration of SAP in the very important market of Italy is now behind us. We also are working to improve margins in Dunlop to be in line with our overall distribution margin for Henry Schein in Europe. Let me now conclude with my... with some remarks on the Technology and Valued-Added Services business, which reported sales growth of 29%. Revenue growth reflects last year's acquisition of Software of Excellence with a strong footprint in the UK, Ireland, Australia and New Zealand. They are a leading supplier of innovative clinical and practice management solutions to dentists. It performed above expectations and continues to help us drive our sales of digital and other high-tech products within the UK market in particular. We also saw strong growth in the electronic and financial services sector in the technology part of the business in the United States. This business has great opportunities for electronic services where our suite of products continues to lead the marketplace. During the quarter, we launched Easy Dental 2008. This updated version offers dentists increasing functionality and improved productivity, living up to its tag line of easy to use, easy to own. Keeping the dental practice management software concept for a moment alive here, let's talk a bit more about that. We are proud that early this year DENTRIX was named System of Choice by the American Association of Dental Office Mangers. As you know, DENTRIX is the leading practice management software for dental professionals. Endorsement of the DENTRIX system validates our commitment to providing leading software solutions and developing products that meets the needs of the ever evolving dental office. And in July, we announced the MicroMD EMR electronic medical record version 6. This updated version is designed to enhance the physician experience by improving existing workflows and streamlining access to patient information. The new release enables practices to connect to 95% of the pharmacies nationwide, allowing physicians to send prescriptions to the pharmacies electronically and receive electronic refill request from the pharmacies. As a result, of course, patient safety improves and provide us safe time. So, in conclusion, I am very pleased that Karyn Mashima was elected to the Henry Schein Board of Directors at our Annual Meeting of Stockholders in May. Ms. Mashima is a wonderful addition to our Board. She currently serves as Senior Vice President of Strategy and Technology for Avaya, a leading global provider in business communication, applications and systems services. She has more than 25 years of professional experience in guiding technology products and has earned a well deserved reputation as a visionary in the technology field. Her appointment reinforces Henry Schein's commitment to remain a technology leader and to appoint visionary and highly reputable individuals to our Board of Directors. Lastly, we are quite gratified that Henry Schein was ranked 53 in the 2008 Barron's 500, up 140 positions from next year. This ranking is for the United States and Canadian companies and it's based on stock price performance, cash flow, return investment, and sales growth. The increased ranking is testament of the hard work and commitment of the more than 12,000 Team Schein members who operates out of 300 plus locations around the world. So with that overview behind us, I thank you for your attention. And Steven and I would be very, very happy to respond to any questions that you may have. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions].And our first question comes from Glen Santangelo.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Yes. Stan, just a quick question following up on something you said earlier. In your prepared remarks on Dental, you sort of suggested that the company continues to gain market share on both the equipment side as well as the consumable side. Could you maybe give us a little bit more detail around that and do you think the market share is coming from business that's traditionally gone direct or you think you're taking some of that from you distribution competitors? And then maybe if you can give us a couple of more specific areas as to where you think you are taking market share on the equipment side that would be helpful.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Glen, we think the markets have been growing at about 5% or so for the last several years. It may have slowed down just a tad, may have been made up by a little bit of inflation. It's hard to gauge the specific growth number that precisely to the nearest basis point. Having said that, we are growing at more than 5% internally from a merchandise point of view and about double that from an equipment point of view. We think the merchandise business growth is coming from across the board from our competitors. We don't think that has been impacted in any material way by direct products that are not going through the channel. ARESTIN itself is an agency relationship. So we only book our commission so that really doesn't really... that does impact to sales much although it's quite profitable. And I mentioned earlier on the launch has been quite successful. So, on the merchandise side, we believe it's coming from across the board. On the equipment side, well, it's coming from a lot of the high-tech products. The digital side, we are doing very well with the DEXIS system plus a couple of others. We were at somewhat of a disadvantage in the marketplace for a while, we didn't have a good brand. But now the DEXIS brand, of course, is highly recognized. The product has been improved and I think we are gaining market share on the digital side in, I might add, a rapidly growing market. On the CAD/CAM side, we were excluded from that sector and now we're in that, although the sales were not that material, they count, and we were in that sector. On the ISI side, on the 3D side, that was a direct business and so a year and change ago and now that is going through the channel. ISI is not the only player today, there are others in that sector and we carry some of those other products. And I believe that that's helping our growth and no question that we have the largest percentage of the 3D marketplace. BIOLASE, yes, that was a product sold direct and is not going through our channel. But the traditional business also is solid and we, I think, continue to gain recognition as a provider of traditional equipment, whether it's the chairs, units, lights, cabinetry, X-rays, compressors, and I think we continue to gain market share there. So, I think it's a matter of gaining competition across... sales across the board on the equipment side as we become more recognized as a full service dealer. I still think there is a lot more opportunity because many dentists don't associate Henry Schein with equipment sales. So, it's across the board and it's taking some products from the direct channel through distribution.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Well, thanks for the comments Stan and congrats on the quarter.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randall Stanicky.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: Great, I am with Goldman Sachs. Thanks for taking the question. Just first on the minority interest line, it continues to bounce around a little bit, it was up again sequentially. Is that just a pickup in implants and how do we think about that line item going forward?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, the minority interest line was driven by strong growth in our CAMLOG implant business, as well as strong growth in our Australian/New Zealand business. Both of those businesses Henry Schein owns a controlling interest, but there is a minority interest and we should continue to see additional growth in the minority interest line as the overall business groups continue to grow nicely in the future.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: So we should expect to see that 7ish million dollars continue to grow, is that the new run rate we should think about there?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would say, I would say that we are continuing to see growth in those businesses or yes, we'll see those... that line grow. Remember the way the accounting works for that, that's just backing out the minority share. So obvious... the minority share of earnings. So obviously that's a good thing as that number grows because that means above that line there is higher growth in overall income.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. And then just finally you talked about earlier shipments in flue, how do you think about the back half split between 3Q and 4Q as you are thinking about it at least at this point in time?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well,it's really, really difficult to predict what will happen in Q3 versus Q4 for influenza vaccine, but I can tell you at least manufacturers are indicating to us that they're optimistic that they'll have product early in the season. So, I'll pass that comment on to you, but again, what we'll do when we announce Q3 and Q4 earnings, if the timing is where it is early in the season, it's more weighted towards Q3, we'll give a detail on that or, if the opposite happens, we'll also give detail on that. So, we'll be very transparent on the timing of flu vaccine. But again, the indications from the manufacturers are that it could be a little bit earlier this year, which I think is a good thing for the industry as well as ourselves.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: That's great. I'll stop there. Thanks for the questions.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Kreger.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: Hi, thanks very much. Just hoping you could expand a bit more on your comments around the national sales meetings that you held recently. On the Dental side, what are your sales been telling you about how the second half might play out around the sort of traditional heavy season for equipment buying in Dental? Is it likely to be a pretty typical season or could it be better because of the tax incentives or perhaps worse because of a tough environment? And then the follow up on the Medical side, also curious what did you hear at the national sales meeting that that is causing the optimism in the face of what looks like some slower growth coming out of the segment? Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: On the Dental side, dentists continue to be... and this is the sense we get from our sales people and from the market in general, continue to be quite busy. The backlog may not be as many weeks of appointments as perhaps it was a year or two ago, but they are occupied and they're quite busy. They had a lot of choices in terms of high-tech equipment now, expensive equipments, at least from us they the E4D, have the ISI, have the GALILEOS equipment. They have lasers and, of course, general traditional equipment with a lot of new equipment being exposed to the marketplace these days. So there are lots of places to spend their money. Our sales organization tells us that they will spend money. They may not buy everything from that mix, but they will spend money. The tax incentives are likely to create some fueling of this interest in acquiring high-tech equipment, and perhaps even refurbishing the office. If one leases equipment or actually takes out a loan for equipment, it becomes immediately cash flow positive from a tax point of view. So, we expect that we will have a good year in the fourth quarter. We did have a very good year in the fourth quarter last year and the year before. So we're relatively comfortable that we are going to see consistent growth. There are a lot of exciting activities going on at Schein, including ARESTIN, Colgate, a number of other areas that, the technology area, the update of DENTRIX, all of these are making for a very, very exciting environments within our Dental Equipment Group. On the Medical side, the excitement remains related to the consolidation of our business under one brand, it was of course a huge undertaking with tens and thousands of accounts being reassigned within our telesales group and also within our equipment group... within our full service group. The programs that are available to our field sales representatives as a result of the synergy between telesales and field sales is something that's exciting that group. There is some commodity deflation as pricing becomes more competitive with certain products, but there is also inflation on certain commodity products that have the raw material base such as gloves. So, one should be very careful when reviewing the actual results as there's a lot of puts and takes there and not necessarily related to units. There is also some shortage in a couple of product areas on the pharmaceutical side and there is a shift in our mix of pharmaceutical products. But overall, our sales people and management continue to be very, very enthusiastic about our medical business, which over the long run presents perhaps one of the biggest opportunities that Schein has.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Willoughby.
Erin Gore - Banc of America Securities: Hi, this is Erin Gore in for Robert today. I just had a question for you on the physician revenue growth. When can we expect the negative comps to kind of come back, to kind of reverse themselves?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, hi, Erin. If you are referring to because of us not selling the low margin pharma sales, I assume that's your reference. That will continue for the balance of this year because we effectively stopped selling those low margin pharma products towards the end of 2007. And so it will continue for the balance of this year and then we will... we won't have to continue discussing that starting in the first quarter of 2009.
Erin Gore - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And different note, can you just comment on your appetite for acquisitions, has that changed and what you do have coming down the pipe?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our appetite for acquisitions has remained consistent for the 52 quarters that we've been a public company. Our pipeline remains as full as it ever has been and we expect to continue to make acquisitions that of the tuck-in type or to expand our current business geographically or expand our value-added services in one way or another. But we expect to fully remain within the $25 billion office-based practitioner markets where we have about 22% market share. And we expect to have acquisitions continue to be accretive in that overall marketplace.
Erin Gore - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And last question, not sure if this is discussed, but with the solid quarter here, why did you reaffirm the guidance? Why was there not an up-tick in the guidance projection for the latter half of the year?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think we actually feel good with first half results, we feel bullish about the second half opportunities. We felt reaffirming guidance given what's going on in the overall economy was a possible statement. So, overall we still feel very good about our business, the results of Q2, as well as the projected results going forward. And we just felt the right thing to do was to reaffirm guidance at this time.
Erin Gore - Banc of America Securities: Okay, that is it. Thanks.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning, Stanley and Steve. Steve, just a follow up on that last question. As we think about things, I think clearly put up a much better second quarter than what you had anticipated at least the last time we talked on last quarter's call. Was there anything that got pulled forward from maybe the third or fourth quarter into the second quarter and that's why you are just somewhat comfortable with working forcibly in the second quarter half of the year or is that just conservatism? And then secondly, you showed some really nice improvement on your SG&A this quarter. Can you maybe just talk about anything that was specifically driving that? And then just the last question is just on the timeline of when you expect to complete your share repurchase. Thanks very much.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. I would say that there's really nothing noteworthy that we felt that we pull forward from future quarters into Q2. I think on the contrary, as we tried to outline, we really had very good results from our International Group, double-digit internal sales growth, really up and down across the board. There's a recent industry piece on the ADDE, which came out, which indicated that European dental sales growth has increased modestly. So, I think it's a combination of the markets being good and us really taking market share. So, again, we feel real good about the business prospects going forward. There's a lot of opportunities for us. We think that... we feel good about the second half.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Okay, good. So not working about the... you are definitely feeling right. You are feeling good about the second half and you are just being conservative at this point given everything else is out there.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think we do feel good about the second half. I don't want to characterize the guidance with the guidance. We felt the right thing to do given everything going on in the economy was to reaffirm, we feel good about reaffirming. At the high end of our range, it will be a mid teens EPS growth for the second half of the year and that's all internally generated. So hopefully, there will be some opportunities, as Stanley just discussed on the M&A side. So, again, we feel good about the business opportunities going forward, short as well as long term.
Lisa Gill - JPMorgan: Okay. And then just any thoughts on SG&A in the quarter, that's a nice sequential improvement as well as the share repurchase timeline?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's really a combination of our continued efforts both domestically and internationally in expense management. So that was good, plus very strong top line growth. Overall, growth is 19% in the quarter. Now, some of that's acquisition growth. Some of that's internal growth. But all of that growth helps leverage the infrastructure. So that was a very positive thing. I would point out that we didn't specifically talk about it, but if you exclude out Dunlop, which as people know has a lower operating margin, our operating margin would have been expanded by an additional 20 basis points this quarter. But we really got very good leverage on our expense structure and we hope that will continue. And lastly, on the stock buyback, your final question. We felt that the pricing that we were under pressure a little bit with the stock price in the second quarter, that's why we did buyback $32 million. We don't have a specific time period for buying backlog of our stock, but I do believe given the recent stock price level that we'll continue to be very active in stock buyback. We tend to be opportunistic and buy on weakness and that's why we were buying as much as $32 million in the second quarter. So, I fully expect to continue to be active, but we don't have a specific timeline for the remaining stock plan.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from the line of Larry Marsh.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for Stanley and Steve, good morning, good results. Really wanted to just clarify the internal growth that was in dental consumables. Steve, I think you said last quarter that you might have been somewhat negatively impacted because of the timing of holidays and you would see some pickup in the second quarter. If you sort of net those two out, would you see where you feel like that you saw pretty consistent growth trends Q2 to Q1 or do you think you saw some acceleration?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well it's hard to precisely calculate that.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: But I do think that we have seen a little bit of acceleration in dental consumables in Q2 and the reason why I say that is if you take a look at the average internal sales growth for the first half, which should eliminate any impact of the Easter timing between Q1 and Q2, we did deliver better than that growth in dental merchandise as well as other categories. So, my belief is that we did have a little bit of acceleration in consumable merchandise.
Unidentified Analyst: And is the ARESTIN like kind of... I know it's a de minimis contribution to revenues, but was it a de minimis contribution to internal growth in the quarter?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, right now because it's an agency sale, Larry, it's really not a big impact on the top line, although we're still very excited about the product and we just launched it. So -- and we need a little bit of time to make inroads with that. So, we're very excited about the opportunity with it and it does deliver nice profitability. But on the top line, it really was not a driver this quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: And just as you sort of see it, I know, I guess, maybe your biggest supplier talked about adjusted internal growth U.S. about 3%. They are saying the dealers might see a little bit faster growth in that. So, is it really just... we should look at U.S. having a broader product line, so you're actually selling in some bigger growth categories and just that one supplier or is it a little bit more complicated than that?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Again, it's hard to answer. We certainly have versus any supplier, we certainly have a broader product offering. We tend to be strong in areas that are not economically impacted. So actually the opposite is true. Things like U.S. dental implants very small sales contribution. Some of the high-end elective procedures and on orthodontic, we really have very low sales contribution. So we happen to be well positioned.
Unidentified Analyst: Right.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: With our sales mix and I think that's part of the reason why we're doing well on consumables as well as equipment versus some of the manufacturers that are broader in those spaces.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Just a follow up, then. On the international business, great result, your big contributor internal growth, over 10%. Now I haven't seen the ADDE study, but was that suggesting there seem some internal growth acceleration in Europe or not? And do we think of this 10% as just an unusually strong result or do we think more normalized, you think that market is growing overall? I know it's hard to categorize because that includes vet, dental and I think some medical, but do we think of that still as sort of a mid single-digit internal growth business for you or is that 10% a signal o additional good things to come?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think there is a couple of points. The ADDE study did show a very modest uptick in market sales growth, it's probably still in the 5%, 6% range that it show. So it certainly gaining market share in international. Again, Larry, remember the Easter impact. So we did get a little bit of benefit also of the Easter impact in Q2. But I have to tell you we feel very optimistic about the international business going forward, both on the top line and especially on the bottom line as we expand margins also.
Unidentified Analyst: Right. And then just a clarification, the equity and affiliates, at the end of last quarter you'd said good growth in your investment you have in the discount dental business. Sequentially I know it was down some, but still up obviously a lot year-over-year. Why might there have been some seasonality there?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There's not a specific reason. I think it's kind of the ebbs and flows of that business, but the increase over prior year was primarily that affiliate did an acquisition of another company. So the run rate that you are seeing for the first half of the year should be a continued run rate and growth on top of that as that business is growing also. But there's nothing really to point to on a consecutive quarter basis that would say other than can ebbs and flows and timing of the quarters.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, very good. Thanks.
Operator: And we have time for one last question and we do have a question from Jeff Johnson.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Good morning, Stanley, good morning Steven.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: A couple of question here. Steve, as far as Q3 versus Q4 EPS and I know you don't provide quarterly EPS, but sometimes you'll provide a little color on the forward quarter, you come up against tough comp, but I think 40% plus EPS growth in Q3 last year. Should we be thinking about a little higher Q4, a little lower Q3, as far as EPS growth next quarter?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I don't want to not directly try to answer the question, but really one of the earlier questions we got in timing of flu vaccine is so critical to Q3 versus Q4. So, at least what we are hearing from manufacturers is they expect flu vaccine doses to be in the market earlier this year than prior years. Time will tell how true that is. I certainly believe that's a good thing for us as well as the overall market because we certainly believe the earlier product dose gets into the market, the bigger the overall demand will be because if it gets late in the season, obviously there are some people who will not be vaccinated, some providers who elect not to buy private latencies and because they have less usage for it. So, again, I think what we'll... the only thing we can do is be perfectly transparent when we release Q3 earnings. By that time we will know what we sold in Q3, we will know what we sold in the beginning part of the fourth quarter for flu vaccine. And we'll be able to really give good color and guidance on that. But, to really try to predict Q3 versus Q4 with the flu timing is really difficult to do.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Yes, fair enough, Steve. And then on flu vaccine, can you at all qualitatively, I guess, comment on pricing and/or pre-sold volumes as we go into the third quarter here?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think right now on pricing we'd rather not comment specifically other than say that pricing is holding up pretty well at this time. We feel very good about our position and as Stanley mentioned in his remarks that combination of... we're seeing in the market and customer order activity where we do have certain contracts with customers as well as a very good pre-book order process. So we feel good about going into the season but remember we haven't received our first dose of flu yet, we haven't sold our first dose yet, but the indicators are very positive right now.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Great. And then last question again, I get back to Q3, Q4 timing in the dental equipment business. So summer tends to be seasonably slow at least here in the U.S. and Europe, I guess. And you're going up against your toughest comp, tax incentives in Q4 might drive a little more there. Again should we think about kind of the back half of the year more Q4-weighted than Q3 on the dental equipment side?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would say yes primarily because of the tax incentives. I think people, customers in Q4 will pull the trigger, so to speak, to take advantage of those tax incentives. So, I guess, I would expect Q4 to be help buyback on the equipment side. That's U.S. concept, I'm not sure that you could make the same analogy in Europe because Europe doesn't have a favorable tax incentives. But it's always seasonally better in Q4 obviously.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Understood. Thanks for the comments guys.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So, thank you everyone for participating in the call. As I think you can felt from Steven and my tone, we remain optimistic about the company. We are very happy with where we are. These are obviously challenging times from a macroeconomic point of view, the company overall. The portfolio on balance is relatively resistant to the swings of the economy, but not totally immune. But we think from a earnings capacity point of view, we continue to be in a very good position. We continue to gain market share across the board. We are optimistic about some acquisitions in the quarters ahead of us that will make a difference both strategically and from an economic point of view to the bottom line. And, we thank you all for participating in this call and showing interest. If you have any questions, Steven can be reached at 631-843-5500 or Neal at 631-845-2820. So, we look forward to updating you in another 90 days or so on the third quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Neal Goldner - VP of IR Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and CEO Steven Paladino - EVP, CFO, Director
Analysts: Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse Lisa Gill - J.P. Morgan Larry Marsh - Lehman Brothers Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. David Veal - Morgan Stanley Robert Willoughby - Banc Of America Securities John Kreger - William Blair & Company, L.L.C
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Henry Schein First Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Neal Goldner, Henry Schein's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Neal.
Neal Goldner - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, Analy [ph] and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's first quarter results. If you have not received the copy of our earnings news release you can access it on our website at www.henryschein.com. With me this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin I would like to point out that certain comments made during this call will include information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from those expressed and are indicated by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The content of this conference call contains time sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, May 6th, 2008. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call, you limit yourselves to a single question and a follow-up before returning to the queue. This will provide the opportunity for as many listeners as possible to ask a question within the one hour we have allotted for this call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Neal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased with our earnings growth during the first quarter. Our financial results reflect the benefits of the diversified business model serving dental, medical, and veterinary office practitioners in the United States and in international markets. We believe that the benefits of our diversification led by customer type and by geography include more predictable consolidated financial results. In fact, our International Group was particularly strong in its contribution to both sales and earnings this quarter, and illustrates the benefits of this diversified business model. We feel very good about the quarter, we feel very good about our business and we feel very good about the prospects going forward. The customers we serve generally have busy practices, they continue to buy products and services that help them provide quality patient care and operate more efficiently in their day-to-day practice management. As we have said previously, we believe our customers’ practices are relatively resistant to macroeconomic trends that that certainly does not mean that they are completely immune from changes in consumer spending. It is very important to note that our 2008 financial guidance that we are affirming today is based on what we believe are realistic sales expectations and demonstrates our commitment to delivering on our full year and long-term earnings per share goals. In a moment I will provide commentary on the business groups. But first, I will ask Steve Paladino to provide you an overview of our first quarter financial performance.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Thank you, Stan. Let me begin by saying I'm also very pleased to report strong financial performance for the first quarter of 2008. Our net sales for the quarter ended March 29th, 2008 were $1.5 billion, reflecting 16.4% growth over the first quarter of 2007 or 12% growth in local currencies. 3% of this growth was internally generated while 9% was acquisition growth primarily due to the acquisition of Dunlops, a leading UK animal health product supplier and Software of Excellence, a leading supplier of practice management systems in the UK, Australia, and New Zealand. Please note that there are details of our sales growth that are contained in Exhibit A to our earnings news release. As you may know, we previously announced some initiative of reducing sales of certain lower margin pharmaceutical products. Excluding sales of those products, our internal net sales growth on a worldwide basis in local currencies was approximately 5.4%. Although it is difficult to quantify precisely, we believe our sales growth in the first quarter was negatively impacted by the timing of certain holidays in 2008 and to a lesser extent current macroeconomic conditions. Our operating margin for the first quarter of 2008 was 5.6%, essentially unchanged from the first quarter of 2007. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 34% and that compares to 35.5% in the first quarter of last year. We continue to expect that our full-year 2008 effective tax rate would be in the range of 34% to 35%. Our first quarter net income was $52.3 million, which represents growth of 20.3% from the prior year's first quarter. Earnings per diluted share for the first quarter of 2008 was $0.57 and that reflects an increase of 18.8% over the first quarter of 2007. Now, I would like to provide some detail on our sales results for the first quarter. Dental sales for the first quarter of 2008 was $612 million, representing 8.7% growth in U.S. dollars or 7.2% growth in local currencies. 5.5% of this local currency growth was internally generated and the remainder of approximately 1.7% was due to acquisitions. Our consumable merchandise sales growth was 6%, ahead of the prior year in local currencies and 4.3% of that was internally generated. Our dental equipment sales and service revenues were up 11.1% in local currencies and 9.8% was internally generated. While E4D positively impacted our first quarter dental equipment sales growth, consistent with our past practices, we are not providing unit or sales information or specific products for competitive reasons. However, let me point out that we have assumed only a modest EPS contribution from E4D and our full-year 2008 financial guidance. Medical sales were $335 million in the first quarter, down 3.7%, our internal sales decreased about 4.4% with 0.7% growth from acquisitions. However, as we have said on previous conference calls, we are providing sales growth excluding the sales of certain lower margin pharmaceutical products to give a better understanding of our underlying Medical Group sales trends. Our Medical Group internal net sales growth excluding these products was approximately 4.5%. Turning to our International Group. Sales for the first quarter of 2008 were $540 million, up 45.5% over the prior year. Our growth in local currencies was 32.2% with 5.6% internally generated and 26.6% acquisition growth, primarily due to the acquisitions of Dunlops. Foreign exchange positively contributed to about 13.3% of our International sales growth. Let me also add specifically with respect to Dunlops, we're very pleased with the Dunlops’ performance to date and we're happy to report that it has exceeded our expectations for the acquisition. Next turning to our Technology and Value-Added Services sales, they were $38.8 million and were 36.5% ahead of the first quarter of '07 with 35.9% growth in local currencies and 0.6% growth relating to foreign currency exchange. Of the 35.9% local currency growth, 10.2% was internally generated and 25.7% was from acquisitions, primarily our Software of Excellence acquisition. We saw a very strong organic growth in electronics claims, as well as financial services business, which contributed overall to very solid revenue growth for our Technology business for the quarter. Let's take a brief look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow. Our operating cash flow for the quarter was a positive $13.3 million that compares to a $33.9 million use of cash in the prior year's first quarter. We expect to achieve operating cash flow for the year in excess of our net income. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding from continuing operations was 42.2 days and that compared to 41.9 days for the first quarter of last year. Our inventory turns also from continuing operations for the first quarter was 6.3 turns and that’s essentially equal to the first quarter of last year. Our return on committed capital from continuing operations was 28.7% for the first quarter of 2008 and that's up from 28.6% in last year's first quarter. Let me now conclude my remarks by discussing our financial guidance. We are reaffirming our 2008 financial guidance as follows. We expect 2008 diluted EPS to be $2.93, that is $2.93 to $3.00 per share and that represents a growth of 14% to 16% compared with 2007. 2008 diluted EPS guidance includes our expectation that we will distribute between 12 million to 15 million doses of influenza vaccine during the year and that should represent between $0.13 and $0.16 per diluted share. We also expect our diluted EPS growth for the second quarter of 2008 to be in the low teens compared with the second quarter of 2007. This 2008 full year EPS guidance is for our current operations, which includes completed or previously announced acquisitions but does not include the impact of any future potential acquisitions, if any. Last, I want to reiterate Stanley's earlier comment that this guidance is based on what we believe our realistic sales expectations which take into consideration current macroeconomic conditions. Let me now turn the call over to Stanley.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Steven. Let me now provide you with some additional commentary on each of our four business groups. On the Dental side, one of the highlights for our Dental Group during the first quarter was the initial sales of E4D dental CAD/CAM product. As we have discussed previously, E4D is a highly competitive advanced technology product with unique features and important user benefits. The product continues to be in a control launch period, where our primary goal is to ensure that training and technical support are world class and then early user experiences are extremely positive. We are delighted to report that feedback from our dentist continues to be very, very encouraging. During the first quarter, we were pleased to review and strengthen our multi-year distribution agreement with BIOLASE and the renewed agreement Henry Schein remains exclusive distributor of the complete line of BIOLASE dental laser systems, accessories and services within the United States and Canada. This includes, the highly recognized Waterlase MD, which is the industry’s leading all-tissue dental laser system and the fast growing newer product EasyLase, which is gaining fast acceptance in the marketplace. In April, we entered into a wonderful agreements with Orapharma, a Johnson & Johnson company, whereby Henry Schein will serve as the sales agent and exclusive distributor of ARESTIN in the United States. ARESTIN provides unique benefits for treating periodontal disease, a disease which affects more than one-third of Americans over thirty. This is an exciting alliance that provides Henry Schein with significant opportunity and offering of a very important product in the new marketplace that can get [inaudible] increase the credibility and offering of Henry Schein. We began distributing ARESTIN in Germany in the first quarter of this year and in April we started distributing the product in the United States. We see great potential for the adoption of this innovative product by our dental customers. We look forward to collaborating with Orapharma as we grow the rest of this market share. Our commitment to offering our customers innovative products such as dental lasers, a BIOLASE product in the U.S. and Canada for example, 3D, exclusive ISR relationship and numerous other relationships in that area including Serono relationship, CAD/CAM, E4D and now ARESTIN with the J&J backing behind the product has never been stronger. Relationships like these including the Colgate relationship are important to our sales in the market and affirm our strong standing with our customers and the supplier community. Our sales force is another key component and our ability to see in this marketplace. Overall, our Dental Group has been adding field sales consultants, as well as technology and equipment sales specialists and we are pleased with the quality and overall stability of our sales organization on the Dental side. Let me now turn to the Medical Group. We previously announced an initiative of reducing sales of certain lower margin pharmaceutical products. These products in aggregate represented over $150 million of net sales last year. By eliminating these lower margin products, coupled with the divestitures in 2007 of our oncology and specialty pharma businesses, our Medical Group is focused on driving profitable revenue growth in the office-based physician market. Approximately a year ago, we launched Medical One World. The goal of this initiative is to create a differentiated national full-service operation that leverages our core competencies of field sales, the hybrid concept of field sales, telesales, direct marketing, and telemarketing. Under this initiative, which in combination with our acclaimed electronic catalogs we consolidated our Henry Schein, Caligor, Darby Medical physician brands under the Henry Schein Medical brand. I am particularly pleased to report that consolidation has been most successful and that there was virtually no sales erosion during this process, quite remarkable considering the bringing together of three brands under one common sales management with one common marketing program. We believe this is testament to the strength of our customer relationship and to the effort of many Team Schein Members who are involved in this complex assignment and is largely behind us today. With this brand consolidation behind us, we now are in the process of implementing an integrated sales and marketing approach for our Medical Group, and we look forward to bringing more products and valued-added services to the Medical customers, all in line with our successful dental strategy when we brought together Henry Schein, and Sullivan [inaudible] creating what is today a terrific franchise here in the United States, and of course in Canada where we brought together Ash Temple, Arcona, and Henry Schein in creating the largest franchise... dental franchise in that country too. Turning out to our International Group. As I mentioned at the start of the call, our International operations were particularly strong in their contributions in the first quarter of this year. International sales were up 46% compared to the prior year or up 32% in local currencies. Internal growth in local currencies was a solid 5.6%. A significant portion of the International growth, not internal, but acquisition growth was a W&J Dunlop acquisition, a leading United Kingdom animal health products supplier we acquired during the last quarter... last year's third quarter. I'm delighted that we could report today that Dunlops as a business is performing above our expectations, and while Dunlops is a strong contributor to the quarter, we also saw solid internal growth in the United Kingdom, Germany, Australia, and New Zealand. The SoE acquisition is also doing very, very well both economically and from a strategic point of view as we increased our software and digital footprints in the markets of the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand and Ireland where SoE is the leading player, similar to Dentrix and EasyDental in the United States and Canada. Henry Schein entered the European market in the early 1990s and since then we've grown the business steadily both organically and through strategic acquisitions. The size of our International Group increased considerably with our acquisition of demedis. In addition to larger acquisitions like demedis and Dunlops, we also look the smaller tuck0in opportunities. As in this connection, that in April we announced the acquisition of Minerva Dental Limited, a supplier of dental consumables and equipment in the United Kingdom. With 2007 revenue of approximately $40 million, Minerva has an outstanding reputation and the acquisition strengths of our full-service Dental business in the U.K. particularly in the south and southwest regions will be enhanced by the Minerva merger. As we focus on expanding our pan-European equipment sales and service presence, the addition of Minerva certainly advances this goal in around a credible and strategic way. As envisaged, the International Group is becoming an important part of the company. In fact, during the first quarter International sales were 35% of our total sales in U.S. dollars representing an important component of our diversified model and presenting very good upside potential as we in fact create more of a one company platform in Europe, a pan-European platform which in itself will provide very good synergies and increases in profits. Rounding up my discussion of our business groups, the Technology and Value-Added Services sales were up 37% in the first quarter, including 10% internal. Acquisition growth of 26% primarily reflect last year's purchase of Software of Excellence, a leading supplier of dental clinical practice and practice management solutions to dental professionals as I discussed earlier on. We look forward to capitalizing on the opportunities to use Software of Excellence products to expand the deeper customer relationship in the United States out of Australia and New Zealand. As I said, we have done with Dentrix and EasyDental in the United States and Canada. Of course the sales of software and related services are expected to go up, but the synergies between these software platforms and our core Dental business in respect to digital products will also be very, very good in the years to come, as a result of the software platforms. Speaking of Dentrix, in March of this year we launched DENTRIX G3, the product is a faster and provides enhanced functionality enabling dental practices to become more productive and more profitable. G3 reflects our commitment to maintaining leadership with dental practice management software market, where we have a long-standing history of innovation and highly competitive products. As a closing comment, we are very proud to announce that in mid-March Henry Schein was rated number one in the wholesale healthcare industries, Fortune magazine list of America's Most Admired Companies. This survey included 622 companies in 64 industries. Contributing to Henry Schein's top overall ranking in our industry we are number one ranking in seven of the eighth key attributes of reputation. Those include innovation, use of corporate assets, quality of management, financial soundness, long-term investment, quality of products and services, and social responsibility. In fact this marks the fourth consecutive year that Henry Schein has been ranked number one in the important category of social responsibility, which of course presents the right approach to the world in which we live but also in the words of Benjamin Franklin the concept that have been in light of self interest has paid off handsomely for the company. It is highly gratifying to be admired for our business practices and the qualities of our company as we are honored to be recognized along with some of the most respected companies in America. So that's a brief overview, there is a lot going on in the company, a lot of positive projects moving forward, the morale in the company remains good, and so I think we have time set aside now, well, I know we have for Q&A. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Yes. Hi, just a couple of quick questions, first with respect to sort of the market growth. There seems to be some conflicting views in the market from some other dental companies about whether we are actually seeing a slowdown in high-end procedures are not, and, Steve, if I think I heard you correctly, you sort of suggested that may be the deceleration in sales growth this quarter might have been more from holidays than actually macroeconomic conditions and then in your... and then later in your prepared remarks, you suggested that you have realistic sales expectations given the current macroeconomic conditions. Could you maybe just flush that out a little bit more, are you assuming some decelerating growth as the year progresses or how should we think about that?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Well, first on the holidays. Specifically what we were referring to is, each of the holidays for the first time in a long-term fell in Q1 last year and many years prior to that fell into Q2. So we do think that there was less traffic to the healthcare practitioners office during that period, as well as in certain markets like Canada and Germany, Good Friday is a national holiday, so there's no activity in that period. Also... another, and all this is anecdotal, Glen from the holidays. But, we do believe that negatively impacted and also the timing of New Year's Day, which this year fell on a Tuesday rather than last year, which fell on a Monday tends to have people take a long weekend. So, we think that negatively impacted the quarter somewhat. As far as the overall procedures, we do believe that in certain high-priced procedures like implants, sorry in prosthetics there is a bit of softness in the market... we don't think it is dramatic, we think it's very modest. And my comment just on guidance was really to give people comfort that even though we are seeing potentially a little bit of negative impact because of the economy, we still feel very comfortable with our guidance, and we still feel, we want the people to just affirmatively know that we are taking into consideration that that slight softness in some of those procedures that we are seeing.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: And maybe if I could just follow-up, Stan, with kind of a bigger picture question with respect to CAD/CAM, I mean it seems like so far so good on the launch and... for the past couple of years the entire debate has been kind of centered around E4D versus CEREC. At the Midwinter Dental Show this year, 3M has launched its new technologies with respect to digital impression. Are you... do you see this as a potential competitor down the road to CAD/CAM and how should we think about that evolution of that market? Versus CAD/CAM or is it completely separate?
Stanley Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: First of all, the introduction to E4D, I think why does the market in terms of sales people in the marketplace that we will be talking positively about the idea of CAD/CAM. Prior to... before D-Link launched, there was only a third of the sales force deployed by the various dental distributors in the market, I was talking positively about CAD/CAM. Now, we have at least two thirds of the sales force... the sales people in the sales force deployed in the United States and Canada talking positively. So, I think what we will see is formal... a positive activity going on with respect to CAD/CAM. I don't see this as zero some gain, I think overall the category will grow and we through E4D will continue to gain, and I don't see the competitive CEREC disappearing, so that products in Europe at this stage, and we remain positive on the whole category. And we think it will get far greater recognition as more sales people out there are saying positive things about CAD/CAM. With respect to the three-year product, we think that's going to be also terrific product and we'll think that that will expand the importance of electronic impressions over the years. And over time, we will... we think replaced to some extent the traditional impression materials used in the market. So, we think that the 3M move is also very, very important. Over time the automation of the clinical aspects of dentistry will move forward and we expect to be a very important player in that arena.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks for the comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill.
Lisa Gill - J.P. Morgan: All right. Thanks very much, and good morning. On the operating margin side, as we look at the margin this quarter it looks like they were down roughly 4 basis points, so not very much year-over-year, but, Steven, if I remember correctly you are looking for 30 basis points to 50 basis points expansion in your guidance this year. Can you maybe just walk us through how we will get to that over the next several quarters and what some of the drivers are? And then just secondly, I know I ask this every quarter but you did talk a little bit about E4D having a modest contribution for the year, I just want to make sure that still is not in guidance, is that correct?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: So, on your first question, the operating margins, yes, were relatively flat this quarter. Let me point out two things. One is that because of Dunlops which as I think people know Dunlops is a lower margin business that we acquired late last year. That's really the reason why the margins were flat or slightly down. Excluding Dunlops, our operating margins were actually up on an apples-to-apples basis by over 10 basis points, but notwithstanding that we still believe on an as reported basis, we will expand operating margins by 30 basis points to 50 basis points for the full year. We do believe it's going to come from a number of different initiatives, continued operating margin expansion because of eliminating some redundant expenses in our European business. I think as most people now we have a multi-year project to expand margins in the International business and we feel good about that coming to fruition. As well as in the U.S. markets, we still believe that we have leverage on a fair amount of fixed expenses and semi fixed expenses, additional revenue growth, and expenses growing at a slower rate than sales should allow the U.S. to also expand margins. So, again we feel comfortable with our full-year goal of 30 basis points to 50 basis points.
Lisa Gill - J.P. Morgan: Okay. So, let me just add... ask a follow-on there, so, if we do see additional slowdown on the overall revenue growth because of the macro environment, would that change things, I mean, is it a lot of it coming on the leverage side in the U.S., Steve?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Well. Yes, I would say a fair amount is coming on the leverage side, but I think you have to recognize that economic conditions have a very modest impact to our business. Certainly, as we just discussed on the last question, there are some high price non-reimbursable procedures that may not be done as frequently, but there were also a backlog of patient demand for other procedures. So, overall, the dental and medical practices are still busy and we really see just to be a very modest impact.
Lisa Gill - J.P. Morgan: That's, that's very helpful. And then just on E4D, again I think you said this quarter that there was a modest contribution that you expect for the year, but this is still not included in your guidance. So, this would be some upside potential beyond what your guidance range is, is that correct?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Well. Certainly we believe that there is potential upside for E4D as well as other things. But, there is... my comment was that there is a modest contribution built into our full-year '08 expectations, and that's what we also said, Lisa, when we initially introduced that into last quarter, there's really not a change at all, and there is a very modest contribution from E4D, and again we want to go slowly with the product, because right now, the product is very well received by customers. We're hearing very good feedback, customers are well trained, the technical support is good. So, there is plenty of opportunity this year, next year and following years to really drive strong sales growth in this product.
Lisa Gill - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Great. Thank you for the detail.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Marsh.
Larry Marsh – Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Good morning, Stanley and Steve. Just wanted to drill down on some things, if I could. Steve, I know, you're reflecting back on some of the questions, Steven has asked in the past about reducing the low margin volume about $150 million, and I know you don't break that out specifically, but you do highlight, I guess, oncology, pharmaceutical, and specialty pharmaceutical business about $80 million in '07, and that's my impression of what you were talking about there. What else would be included in that $150 million just... generally speaking that would be such a low-margin?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: There are basically two key product categories, and I'd rather not name the specific products, but they are in the rheumatology area, as well as the nephrology area, which are the two product categories that make up virtually all of the $150 million. And Larry, I just want to make sure you fully understand that those are sales that were in the prior year's period will not be in 2008 period that different from the divestitures that we did in 2007 for our other low-margin pharmaceutical business. That doesn't impact us the divestitures because they're treated as discontinued operations and all the financial information excludes those items in our prior-year financials. And so it's really... it's the two different categories of pharma products.
Larry Marsh – Lehman Brothers: Got it. And so, the oncology and specialty pharma that you address is part of discontinued ops?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: That's correct.
Larry Marsh – Lehman Brothers: Okay.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Part of discontinued ops, so the sales and the profitability in accordance with GAAP has to be restated and is not in our prior year or current year periods. No, that has no impact on our sales growth, it's really, these are the product categories that I just mentioned that is impacting that represents about $115 million in '07 sales.
Larry Marsh – Lehman Brothers: Right. Although, Steve, you talked about this before, but remind us what's changed in that market that would cause you to determine that it is no longer attractive product category?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Well, the big change really is when we initially went into these product categories, our goal was to enter into new customer relationships, get them may be the buy of our visible products from that perspective. But, really to develop a relationship, so we could then sell them a broader basket of products including higher-margin products. And what we have found out is that that was really received with mixed results and there were many customers that were just buying the low-margin products and because they use so much of it in the individual physician practice at a very price-sensitive is really very little value-add. And since we did not get the traction on a broader basket of products, we said there's really not any benefit of us to continue to sell these low-margin products.
Larry Marsh – Lehman Brothers: Okay. I got it. Couple of quick things, remind us the, your equity and earnings affiliates, is that some of your Middle Eastern [ph], other affiliates, why it was up so much this quarter?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Yes. The equity and earnings affiliates, the primary driver there is we own a non-controlling interest in a discount dental supply business and that for competitive reasons, we don't specifically name, and that business because of increased sales [inaudible] were mostly through an acquisition had very improved profitability. So, that's now a new run rate, so, we should see that equity and earnings affiliate and they continue to be at that run rate and also to grow nicely in the future.
Larry Marsh – Lehman Brothers: I got it. And, have you said whether it's a domestic or an international business?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Yes. Again, Larry, I won't be evasive, but, we'd rather not give a lot of detail on that for competitive reasons.
Larry Marsh – Lehman Brothers: Okay. You break out the FX benefit in top line, obviously but given the weakness in the dollar relative to the euro this year, do you see much, any noticeable impact from an earnings standpoint this quarter, is it like a penny or so?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: It wasn't that significant, it was actually below a penny for the quarter.
Larry Marsh – Lehman Brothers: Okay.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: But it was still positive and it was nice to have a little bit of that sale in the International business.
Larry Marsh – Lehman Brothers: Just, the Caligor brand is in the process it's going away or is it fully taken out of the market?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Caligor right now is no longer in the market, it's now Henry Schein Medical.
Larry Marsh – Lehman Brothers: Right.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: So, that was part of the brand consolidation that Stanley spoke about earlier.
Larry Marsh – Lehman Brothers: Right. And finally the ARESTIN, I think you said it's a $100 million category and that it's, I guess, how much of a significant leadership position does this business have. We talk about $100 million, is that a U.S. definition and how is it sold previously and how is it sold in Europe, and that's my follow-up question?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Okay. ARESTIN clearly is the market leader and has very high percentage of that $100 million product categories and that's really a U.S. number. I want to point out what we're very excited about the product and the profitability and the sales growth potential, as Stanley said, we are a sales agent of that product. So you will not see the top line, it's treated other sales agencies where our commission effectively is reported on our revenue line, but it still would be nicely profitable and we are excited about entering into this product deals.
Larry Marsh – Lehman Brothers: Fair, good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning, guys. Can you hear me, okay?
Stanley Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we can.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Just a question here to Steve, going back to the timing issues on the consumable side. On the equipment side, I know selling days don't typically have much of an impact there, it's harder to quantify, if you will, but it sounds to us as doing some checks in that that may be the strong Q4 had a bit of overhand early in Q1, just trying to get those Q4 orders out the door and all that, was there any timing impact there and how should we think qualitatively may be about dental equipment over the next couple of quarters, I think we all hope that Q4 sees a little bit of bump from the tax incentive, but over the next quarter or two, how should we look at the 10% organic this quarter versus the next couple of quarters?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Well, first on the consumables, we really don't think that the fourth quarter had any noticeable impact on consumables. Consumables will shift... our customers are typically ordering every two or three weeks, we are shipping same day. So, there is really no backlog for us on consumables. Again, a lot of this information is anecdotal. We do think the holidays have played a little bit of an impact in our sales growth. But, I don't want to be defensive at all on our sales growth. We had very good sales growth adjusting for the low-margin pharmaceuticals. We delivered very strong bottom line of 18% plus EPS growth, so, we are very happy with our first-quarter results, but to be fair to say that the economy has no impact would be an overstatement, we do believe it has some modest impact to us.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Well, Steven, maybe I wasn't clear in my question, I am sorry. The strong Q4 equipment number you put up which I think was above what a lot of us were expecting, was that any overhang just on North American dental equipment as you were trying to get those Q4 orders out the door in the first maybe three, four weeks of Q1 that would have had a little bit of a drag on the Q1 general equipment number.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: It's hard to tell because Q4 for tax incentives, all of the practices are looking really to get the installations done in Q4. But I think we always have that potential that Q4 is going to be strong and Q1 is not going to be as strong, overall again with almost 10% internal sales growth in Q1, we do believe that the tax incentives that were increased in 2008 will provide us a little bit of tailwinds as we get to the second half of the year, and we still see lots of opportunities in some of the higher-tech products. We are seeing very good sales growth on BIOLASE, on i-CAT, on our DEXIS Digital Radiography, CAD/CAM as you know, our E4D product, we're happy that we just recorded our first sales in Q1, and we still think there is a lot of opportunity for us on equipment and as we said historically, you can't expect us to put up 20%, 25% equipment sales growth every quarter, it's just not realistic.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Sure. Fair enough and then...
Stanley Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Just to clarify one more time here, the backlog at the end of 2006 was no greater than the backlog at the end of 2007 or it was not materially different. Therefore we would have had good growth, I think in both first quarter's and you should not expect that that will impact in any way future sales. I think, Stephen said we're quite bullish with not earning the traditional business on the equipment side, but also the plethora of new products on the equipment side ranging from the 3-D laser, digital all the way to CAD/CAM.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right. Thanks, Stanley, and last question I guess just below the line as well and the minority interest little less back out this quarter then maybe sequentially we have seen over the last couple of quarters, is that just a Camlog business and is that some of the sluggishness in dental impact, Steve? And if you can just remind me any exposure in Sweden... what the... what the reimbursement changes in dental implants going on there that may have impacted Q1 and maybe could give a tailwind to the back half of the year, if you will, as Sweden gets the reimbursement rates changed over?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You are referring to Sweden?
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Well, I guess my question is, number one, with the 3.2 million minority interest this quarter below what we sequentially see in the last few quarters. Is that just an overall slowdown may be a modest slowdown on the dental implant side with Camlog?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: First of all, Camlog, I don't think sells many implants in Sweden. Second, you really have to take into account the holidays in Europe, I think in most of Europe, the Friday and the Monday are holidays, and so I wouldn't read too much into that we think that for the year, the Camlog business will still show good results, the business was doing well. But I think in certain parts of the world maybe particularly in the U.S. implants made slowdown slightly, but we don't have a huge implant market share in the U.S. here.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Right. Fair enough.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: And just I'll give one last point on... don't look at it, sequential quarters because of just seasonality of all of our businesses. If you look at it year-over-year, minority interest went up from $2.9 million to $3.3 million, so that means that we did have, the underlying businesses did have good growth in their bottom line. So again just be careful of comparing it on a sequential basis.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's fair, Steve. But could be fairer, you also come [ph] against much higher growth rate in the back half on the minority interest side anyway of this year, so I would assume we should be a little conservative there?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: That's okay.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes. Thanks.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's okay, but we're very happy with the Camlog investment.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes. I didn't mean to imply others, Stanley, I was just asking on the back out there. Thank you.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Veal.
David Veal – Morgan Stanley: Yes, just a follow-up on Jeff's question, if you look at the 9.8% organic growth in equipment, we've seen historically in '04 and '06, there were dips and to the sort of the high-single digits in terms of organic growth in equipment, I'm just wondering if this is one... and that one of those dips where we can get back to double-digit growth or else sort of high-single digit growth in equipment and new run rate?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Well, I think to be... where spudding [ph] has a little bit... 9.8% versus double-digit... I think that what we think we can do is we still have lots of opportunity, we’re still a bit under penetrated in the market. As we've said a couple of times, these high-tech product categories are growing very nicely for us and they’re still opportunity there. So, we feel good about the ability to continue to put up greater than market ever... greater than market growth in our dental equipment business, which is what we think we did in Q1.
David Veal – Morgan Stanley: And just on Stan's comment on the backlog, I mean, do you feel better about visibility today than you did say a year or two ago?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Just the visibility--
David Veal – Morgan Stanley: Visibility into the sales pipeline, I mean, how do you feel... I mean, do you have a good handle from the field sales force as though what the pipeline looks like in next three to six months or is it better or worse than it was a year ago?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Visibility, we have, and I assume, you are referring to equipment.
David Veal – Morgan Stanley: Yes.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: We have very good visibility on equipment, we do have this family referred to as a backlog report, which is committed orders by customers that have yet to be shipped and installed because at the customer’s request, they may be doing some construction in the office or some other reasons. So, I would say our visibility is… continues to be very good.
David Veal – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby.
Robert Willoughby - Banc Of America Securities: Steve, just to be clear, I guess it sounds like there is no scenario then where dental equipment growth on an organic base should be less than a 3%, just a kind of number in the second quarter that, is that accurate?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Less than 3%... I would say that we would be very disappointed if it were 3% or anything near that number.
Robert Willoughby - Banc Of America Securities: Okay. And just a consumables number on the dental side should tick up that, I have an organic growth declining for several quarters, we do expect to pick up that in the second quarter as well?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Well. I just want to be careful about, because we typically don't give that level of guidance, there may be, again it's anecdotal, there may be some impact from some of the holidays that reverse. And again, if you look at our overall sales growth of consumables, we think it's better than market growth, we think we're still taking market share, but I want to stay away from being very specific on specific product categories.
Robert Willoughby - Banc Of America Securities: Was there anything just the law of large numbers than that would've caused the drop-off in the organic growth rates for consumables, I mean it’s not just a quarter, I guess it's five quarters in a row that that number has come down?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Well. Again as we said... we do believe that economic conditions have a minor impact. Certainly, we saw if that's true in some of the high priced procedures. We do believe that this quarter specifically holidays, as I said earlier negatively impacted us. But I would say that we believe that our market share growth is probably consistent. The market has come down a little bit but our market share growth has been consistent.
Robert Willoughby - Banc Of America Securities: Just to clarify here, I think we are talking about really at the margins and the impact on the bottom line would be very, very small. We have said for a long time, for many years, that we believe the dental marketplace is growing at about 5%, consumables a little bit less, the equipments a little bit more. We've said that we believe that the dental marketplace is relatively resistant to macroeconomic trends, but certainly not immune. We've shown data that's available at CMS that's department of… product department of HSS indicates that the U.S. dental service revenue has not recorded any decline in the 40 years that this index is being reported, some years the growth is little higher, some years a little lower. We have consistently, I believe for the last five or six years gained market share on the consumables side and on the equipment side. This quarter there may be some impact because of these holidays, two holidays, the Friday and the Monday in some countries. Easter, there was an additional holiday in Canada, there was holidays in Europe. The Canadian dollars has impacts in certain ways, but we are very, very bullish about our consumable Dental business in the United States, in Canada. Our equipment business, we feel that both in the traditional equipment business, in the newer areas, the 3D, the lasers, the digital, CAD/CAM, all these things that people said would be somewhat challenging for Schein. There was comments that E4D would never come to market. We say we are comfortable, we're pretty comfortable and we are very comfortable with our dental strategy in the United States, in Canada, in Europe. We believe we can expand margins; we wouldn't be giving the guidance if we didn't believe it. The guidance is very solid and we've given the assumptions with respect to flu in that guidance. But overall we're very comfortable with the healthy Dental business globally, and if one analyses too much, the small basis point changes between one quarter and another, I think it would be misleading.
Robert Willoughby - Banc Of America Securities: Okay. Last question. Was there any commentary on the U.S. vet business, how that may have done organically?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: The U.S. Vet business, which is still relatively small for us, is doing quite well. I think we were up close to 10%.
Robert Willoughby - Banc Of America Securities: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of John Kreger.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: Great, thanks. Stan, can you just update us on your latest thinking on acquisitions, if you look across your various operations, where do you have the greatest interest to expand internationally versus domestic and perhaps to one of the... of your three segments really stand out at this point?
Stanley Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: John, as I think you know, basically we have a very active business development function on the acquisition side and on the business development in general exclusive of some arrangements with suppliers to increase market share and of course to increase profitability. Our business development team is focused on the highest profits possible, for the money invested, that's the priorities. We see no reason to leave what we believe is a 20 plus, I think $25 billion pond of dental, medical and veterinary office, companion animal veterinary office based practitioner markets. We had, I think a 6% market share of a $10 billion market when we went public. We think we have a 22% market share, but $25 billion market today. So we are positioning our capital and focusing on growing our share within that pond is a direction that provides for the greatest return on investment. We have the greatest synergies and where is the greatest opportunity to increase market share and provide value to our suppliers that are... those suppliers that are important to us. So, the opportunity could be within that pond anywhere and we are focused. We have a very solid pipeline, we... I think have done well with our deployments of capital and we will continue with that strategy. So, I can't tell you a specific area because there is this team that Mark Mlotek heads up is focused on a wide variety of businesses within the specific pond that we described.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: Great. Thanks. A question on medical. Now that you've pulled out the lower margin business, can you update us as to the mix of your Medical segment roughly?
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'm not sure we have the specific mix handy, I suppose, Steven can look that up. But the consumable part and specifically the pharmaceutical part is of course much greater than in the Dental. Having said that, the equipment presents a lot of opportunity for us. We are focused on that equipment business, we really not big players in the equipment business four or five years ago. I think if you speak to some of the manufacturers, you'll find we are, if not they rapid... most rapid grow in the equipment customer that's pretty close to that. And we will continue to grow and focus on the equipment side we acquired an ultrasound business that is doing very well in the physician ultrasound markets. We acquired a small medical software business that is doing well. We are investing in upgrading the software in that area, not only do we have a very good practice management system, but we're focusing on the electronic medical record side. And you can expect that the equipment business will grow. Having said that we have been quite inwardly focused for the last six to nine months, perhaps nine to twelve months on shedding the low margin business and bringing together the brand, the three brands of the Henry Schein brand. But we are very optimistic about our medical business. We put additional resources in there from a management point of view. And I think the successes that we have had on the dental side as the hybrid approach of direct marketing, telesales, looking in conjunction with fuel sales consumption strategy will work very, very well and we expect consistent growth in that area. And that will include process equipment.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: And, Stan, could you give us a sense of when we will fully have anniversaried this phasing out of the lower pharma margins? Will that be basically year from now when that will be anniversaried?
Stanley Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, John. It'll be in the fourth quarter of this year because we really... the process really was completed in the fourth quarter of '07. And just to give you a little bit of detail on your first part of your question. Right now, in the first quarter rough number about 70% of our sales were non-pharma in the Medical business. So of course that excludes any flu vaccine sales because we don't sell flu vaccine in the first quarter, but so obviously the non-pharma component is down with the elimination of that low margin business.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: All right. And Steve, can you give us the sales rep counts?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Sales rep counts, sure. Hold on a second. Overall company wide, at the end of Q1, we had 2,624 reps, that's up over the fourth quarter by 22 reps and I'll just give you some flavor as to where they came from. The U.S. Dental business was up... U.S. Dental was up about 11 total people. But in prosthetics and in Canada we were down a little bit. So overall total dental category was flat. And then the balance of that growth came roughly, evenly from our Medical and International businesses.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: Great. And then just finally lot of questions on the call about any impact of the economy within Dental. As you look across the physician office business and the vet business, did you see any impact in the quarter in those areas?
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Well, I would say, again this is all anecdotal. We had... we thought it was good medical sales growth, [inaudible] excellent performance of 4.5% that we had good veterinary sales growth which was about 10%. But I guess it's hard to say that there is no impact in either market. There must be a little bit of negative impact in each of those markets. But again we feel good that that impact to us is very modest. And we feel overall very good about our growth potential going forward, as Stanley said and I said a couple of times.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: Whether there is an impact to the elective surgery markets that probably is something, but at such a marginal part of the business. I think at the end of the day, our Medical Business will grow depending on the success of our one world strategy and we can say at this stage is that we are very comfortable, we've moved in the direction as we've taken the Henry Schein business, the Caligor field sales business and the direct marketing business... Darby and put them all together under common management. And I think you'll see very good results from that business in the periods to come. And whether the amount of billing that takes place in the elective surgery area goes up or down, I don't think that that will have a material or even a modest impact on our business from a bottom-line point of view.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: Great. Thanks very much.
Steven Paladino - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director: Pardon me, other variables and we are very, very optimistic about the Medical... of the U.S. Medical business.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: Thank you.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions.
Stanley M. Bergman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I believe that is the last question we are taking. And so thank you all for calling and listening into the call. We remain very, very optimistic about our business. We think that the baby boomers are visiting the office-based practitioner to a far greater extent than ever before. Preventative care is important in dentistry in the medical world. Although at this stage the companion animal business in the U.S. is not significant. We find that... that's a business that's contributing. Our European strategy is working well. The execution is working well. The opportunity to continue to increase margins on the businesses that we had before the Dunlops acquisition remains there. With the Dunlops acquisition true it brings down the operating margin but the Dunlops business is exactly the kind of business we enjoy, when it comes in with a lower margin when we buy the business and is an opportunity to increase the margin to synergies and better management techniques that we as a multinational brings to the table. So, we remain enthusiastic about our business, the equipment business in the U.S. has a lot of wind in our sale. The consumable business will continue to do well on the dental side. As I've discussed, medical business is in good shape. And our technology platforms are doing very well for us. So, we thank you all. If you have any questions, please call Steve Paladino at 631-843-5500 or Neal Goldner at 621-845-2820 and they will be very happy to handle any questions you may have. So, thank you very much and we look forward to speaking with you in 90 days. We will be participating in a couple of investor conferences coming... that are on the schedule for the next month or so and we will be available for further discussion on the points that were raised during this call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Vassallo - VP of Corporate Communications StanleyBergman - Chairman and CEO Steven Paladino - EVP and CFO Neal Goldner - VP of IR
Analysts: Steven Postal - Lehman Brothers John Kreger - William Blair & Company Jennifer Hills - Goldman Sachs& Company David Veal - Morgan Stanley Jeff Johnson - Robert Baird & Company Robert Willoughby - Banc of America & Company
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the HenrySchein Third Quarter 2007 Conference Call. At this time all participants are ina listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session, andinstructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminderladies and gentlemen, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call,Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Vice President of Corporate Communications.Please go ahead Susan.
Susan Vassallo: Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you forjoining us to discuss Henry Schein's third quarter results. If you have notreceived a copy of our earnings news release issued earlier this morning,please call 631-843-5937 and a copy will be faxed to you immediately, or ofcourse you can obtain a copy on our website at www.henryschein.com. With us this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and ChiefExecutive Officer of Henry Schein, Steven Paladino, Executive Vice Presidentand Chief Financial Officer, and Neal Goldner, Vice President of InvestorRelations. Before we begin, I would like to point out that certaincomments made during this call will include information that isforward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the Company'sbusiness may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As aresult, the Company's performance may differ from those expressed in orindicated by such forward-looking statements. Also these forward lookingstatements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statementscontained in Henry Schein Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Thecontent of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that isaccurate only as of the date of this live broadcast, November 1, 2007. HenrySchein undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-lookingstatements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call, youplease limit yourself to a single question before returning into the queue.This will provide as many listeners as possible the opportunity to ask aquestion within the one hour we have allotted for this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. StanleyBergman.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Susan, and good morning everyone. And of course,thank you for joining us this morning. We are very pleased with our thirdquarter financial results, which once again, reflects strong double-digit salesgrowth and market share gains in each of our four major business units. Our Dental Group continued its trend of mid-teens growth,while our Medical, International and Technology Groups, each posted sales gainswell in excess of 20% for the quarter, worldwide internal sales growth was 13%for the quarter. So, the strength of the business throughout our variousbusiness units remains very, very strong. We remain very, very excited aboutthe future. We feel that our strategies are good. And we feel that our team isexecuting well. In a moment, I'll review some of the highlights of thequarter with you; give you a glimpse of some of the thoughts for the future.But before I do that, let me ask Steve Paladino, our Chief Financial Officer,to provide you with an overview of our quarterly financial performance. Steven?
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thank you, Stanley.Let me begin by saying that I too am pleased to report very strong financialperformance for the third quarter. Let me begin by pointing out that all of ourcurrent and prior year financial information has been restated to reflect theoncology pharmaceutical and specialty pharmacy businesses has discontinuedoperations, and excludes those businesses from the detail of the incomestatement. We recorded an additional loss on discontinued operationsfor the quarter of $1.1 million or $0.01 per diluted share and this relatesprimarily to the completion of the sale of the oncology pharmaceutical businesswhich was completed during the third quarter. During the fourth quarter, we expect to complete the sale ofour specialty pharmacy business that we discussed on last quarter's call. Sofor purposes of comparability, I will discuss our results from continuingoperations without discontinued businesses in both, the current and priorperiods. Our net sales for the quarter ended September 29, 2007, were$1.5 billion, reflecting 20.8% growth over the third quarter of 2006 or 18.3%growth in local currencies, 13% of this growth was internally generated, while5.3% was acquisition growth, primarily due to the acquisitions of Dunlop's, aleading U.K. animal health products supplier, as well as our acquisitions ofDarby Medical and Darby Dental Laboratory and certain Becker-Parkin businesses.You can find the details of our sales growth in exhibit A of our earnings news release. Our operating margin from continuing operations for thethird quarter for 2007, was 6.4%, 140 basis points higher than the operatingmargins from continuing operations in the third quarter of 2006. This was theresult of continued leveraging of our higher sales volumes across ourestablished infrastructure, as well as higher influenza vaccine sales versusthe prior year's third quarter. However, it is important to note that our operating margin,excluding flu vaccine sales, also improved by approximately 100 basis points.Our effective tax rate from continuing operations for the quarter was 34.1%that compares to 35.1% in the third quarter of 2006. This quarter's tax rate includes both a one-time benefitrelated to the lower corporate tax rate in Germany offset by one-time expenserelated to certain European tax restructuring. We expect our effective taxrates to remain in the range of 34% to 35% for the balance of 2007. And for2008, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 35% to 36%. Our third quarter income from continuing operation with$60.7 million, which represents growth of 54.6% from the five years thirdquarter. Earnings per diluted share also from continuing operations for thethird quarter of 2007 were $0.66 per share, reflecting an increase of 50% overthe third quarter of 2006. Included in this figure for the current quarter is a$0.02 per share gain related to the disposition of certain non-core businessesacquired through the Becker-Parkin transaction that we previously talked about. Now, I would like to provide some detail on our salesresults for the third quarter. Dental sales for third quarter of 2007 was $617million representing 14.6% growth in US dollars or 13.8% in local currencies.10.4% of this local currency growth was internally generated and approximately3.4% was due to acquisition. Our consumable merchandise sales were 9.9%, aheadof the prior year in local currencies and 6% of that growth was internallygenerated. Our Dental equipment sales were 25.9% of ahead of the prior yearalso in local currencies with 24.1% internally generated. Our Dental equipmentreflected strength both in our traditional equipment as well as high-techproducts. Medical sales were $445 million in the third quarter, up25%, internal sales increased by 22.5%, and 2.5% growth was from acquisitions.During Q3, we sold approximately 7.3 million doses of flu vaccine and thatrepresents sales of approximately $78 million for the quarter. Throughyesterday, we’ve sold approximately 12.5 million doses of influenza vaccine.It’s important to note that excluding the sales of influenza vaccine, ourmedical sales growth was very strong increasing 9% for the quarter, with 6.9%internally generated. Last quarter we announced the discontinuation of theoncology pharmaceutical and specialty pharmacy business. In addition, we expectto shed sales of certain other low margin pharmaceutical products by year end2007. We estimate that these additional products will account forapproximately $140 million of sales in 2007 and this would remain in ourcontinuing operations. It stays in our continuing operations because it is nota business that we’re divesting; it is just shedding certain sales tocustomers. By eliminating these marginally profitable products from ourportfolio, it will allow our medical team to focus all of their efforts ondriving profitable revenue growth in the office-based physician market. Turning to our international group. Sales for the thirdquarter of 2007 were $412 million, that’s up 25.7% over the prior year, both inlocal currencies with 17.4%, with 6.9% internally generated, and 10.5%acquisition growth, primarily due to the acquisition of Dunlop's that Imentioned earlier. Foreign currency exchange contributed 8.3% to our Internationalsales growth. We are pleased with the strong internal sales growth in localcurrencies from our international business. Turning to technology and value-added services segment, oursales there were $31.8 million and were 29.5% ahead of Q3'06, with 29% growthin local currencies and 0.5% related to foreign currency exchange. Of that 29%local currency growth 15.5% was internally generated and 13.5% was fromacquisitions. We saw a very strong revenue growth in our electronic servicesbusiness, our software sales business, as well as our financial servicesbusiness during the quarter. We now take a look at some of the highlights of our balancesheet and cash flow. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $69 million thatcompares to $64 million from the prior years third quarter. Our year-to-dateoperating cash flow was $150 million and compares to $65 million on theyear-to-date basis in the prior year. We continue to expect to achieve strongoperating cash flow for the year and that to be in excess of our net income. Accounts receivable day sales outstanding from continuingoperations was 42 days for the third quarter and reflects an improvement ofabout 0.6 days from the third quarter of 2006. Inventory turns also fromcontinuing operations for the third quarter was 6.9 turns and that was animprovement of about 1.5 turn compared to the quarter of last year. Our return on committed capital was 34.7% from continuingoperations, and that compares to last year's return on committed capital ofapproximately 25%. I want to conclude my remarks by discussing guidance, firstfor 2007, we are affirming 2007 guidance from continuing operations, and thatis 2007 earnings per diluted share is expected in the range of $2.53 to $2.57.And remember, this guidance reflects the fact that during the quarter, wereduced our contractual commitments for influenza vaccine to 15.5 million dosesfor the current year and that's down from 21 million doses previously. Besides,it also reflects strength in our core business for the first nine months of theyear, as well as a $0.02 per share gain this quarter on disposition of certainBecker-Parkin assets. The 2007 EPS guidance includes all completed or previouslyannounced acquisitions, but does not include the impact of any potential futureacquisitions, if any. Now, turning to next year, we are introducing 2008financial guidance as follows. We expect 2008 earnings per diluted share to bein the range of $2.93 to $3.0 per share. This represents an increase of between15% to 18% compared with the midpoint of our 2007 EPS guidance. Also, our 2008guidance includes our expectations that will distribute between 12 million to15 million doses of flu vaccine during the year, and that representsapproximately $0.13 to $0.16 per diluted share. This 2008 guidance is also from continuing operations, andalso includes completed or previously acquisitions, but does not include of anypotential future acquisition. Let me now turn it back to Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Steven. I would like to review some highlightsfrom each of our four business groups with you this morning. Let's start with Dental Group. Well, we are delighted toreport continued strong performance during the quarter with mid-teen salesgrowth over the prior year. Our Dental Group continues to be successful inbuilding momentum, delivering profitable growth and expanding our presence inthe market place as we successfully execute our long-term strategy. We did gainfurther market share in the consumable merchandise side of the business duringthe quarter, and are particularly pleased with our internal growth rate of 6%in local currencies. We are also pleased with continued strength in our Dentalequipment sales and service revenues with very, very good internal growth ofover 24% in local currencies. Clearly, we are gaining market share in the equipmentbusiness, which I believe is directly attributable to the execution of ourstrategies that we've been talking about for several years, and with thecontribution coming on the growth side from both, basic equipment and some ofthe newer high tech product lines. We saw good growth in both sectors. We continue to be most optimistic about the long-termpotential of digital imaging, including specifically the new Cone Beamtechnology products, as well as of course lasers. We also look forward toentering the exciting Dental CAD/CAM market later this year in the United States,when we expect to begin to ship the E4D product. With E4D, we expect to distribute a highly competitiveproduct offering with unique features and important user benefits. We believethe market is eagerly awaiting the roll out of E4D as evidenced by dentistinterest at the Henry Schein booth at the ATA Trade Show, as well as recentvisits to the D4D training center by opinion leaders in the CAD/CAM field. Whenwe begin shipping E4D, our primary goal of course, is to ensure that theinitial user experience is highly positive. We expect to ship the first unitsthis quarter. Last quarter, I discussed with you our purchase of the fullservice and special markets business of Becker-Parkin Dental Supply, which wedid acquire in July. During the third quarter, we completed the integration ofthose businesses into Henry Schein, specifically of course into the SullivanSchein U.S.business, full service business of Henry Schein. Let's take a look now for a moment at our Medical Group. Thethird quarter sales growth was 25%. We are pleased with the strong performanceof our Medical Group during this quarter, which of course reflects the positiveimpact of our Medical One program. We’re been well received by the marketplace,and our higher sales of influenza vaccine amongst some other factors. Let me now comment on the flu vaccine market. Numerousgroups are working hard to encourage Americans to receive a flu vaccine.Indeed, through a public awareness campaign, the CDC has complained the week ofNovember 26th to December 2nd as a National Influenza Vaccination Week. AlsoNovember 27 has been designated Children's Flu Vaccination Day with the focuson vaccinating high-risk children. Through these actions the CDC is highlighting the importanceof continuing flu vaccine through November and all the way through December,which historically have been late season months for inoculations. As HenrySchein, as in the past we stand ready to be a valid supplier of flu vaccines toour customers and to all this product demand has been fully met. On the International side, we are pleased with our successacross the board in our International group. Third quarter sales were up morethan 17% in local currencies and reflect across the board gains with particularstrength in the United Kingdom,Italy, Spain and the Beneluxcountries. During the quarter, we made a strategic acquisition thatwill significantly add to our European veterinary presence, namely the Dunlop'sveterinary company in Scotland.Dunlops is a leading supplier of animal health products and services toveterinary clinics throughout the United Kingdom. And with thisacquisition Henry Schein now services dental, medical and animal healthcarepractitioners across the United Kingdomfollowing the model of our success in the United States and in Germany. We are enlightened to enter into the UK animal health market in such ameaningful way. Dunlop's strengthens our European animal health business,deepens our animal health management team and builds upon our recentacquisition of Provet in Switzerland.Of course, Provet being Switzerland'sleading animal health distribution entity. Our animal health business now spanssix countries in Europe including Austria,Germany, Portugal, Spain,Switzerland and the UK.And we expect synergies with our US operations to unfold in thefuture as well. As a background, Dunlops was established in 1921, and offersa comprehensive selection of approximately 13,000 item including pharmaceuticalinstruments, equipments and consumables. Revenue for the fiscal year endedSeptember 30th, 2007 was approximately US$340 million. In addition to growingthis business, we see opportunity to improve Dunlop's operating margin over thenext several years as we reap benefits from the various synergies that HenrySchein will bring to the table both operationally and from animal healthproducts point of view.  With the addition of Dunlop's, our worldwide veterinarybusiness is now at the run rate of more than 700 million in annual sales,making us one of the global leaders in the distribution of veterinary products. Let's talk a bit about our technology in value-addedservices business. The technology in value-added services sales were up nearly30% during the quarter. We did see broad base strength in this group includingstrong electronics services, software and financial services revenue growth. We are particularly pleased with the acquisition of Softwareof Excellence, a leading supplier practice management systems to more than500,000 dental practices in the United Kingdom, Ireland and, of course, inAustralia and New Zealand. The clinical practice managing software of Software ofExcellence are important issues to Henry Schein. And we'll support objected tobe a full service provided to our customers around the world. Throughout theperiod of dialogue and due diligence during the acquisition process of Softwareof Excellence we were impressed and gained even more credibility with thetechnical expertise of the Software of Excellence team. They are committed to customer service and their firm-widededication to maintaining the highest standards of quality, lined up very wellwith the Henry Schein goals. And we just find this acquisition to be a perfectfit, with our value-added software business in Utah, that is now, of course, the leader inNorth American marketplace. We, of course, welcome to management team of Softwareof Excellence as well as the Cooper family with Dunlops. And these are in ourview two terrific additions to the Henry Schein group. So in closing, Steven and myself, of course, will takequestions but we are particularly happy to report also on the fact that on aOctober 2nd, 2007, Henry Schein was added to the NASDAQ 100 Index, whichindexes one of the most widely followed stuff market, benchmarks in the worldand includes the 100 largest financial companies traded on the NASDAQ StockMarket as measured, of course, by market cap. So naturally an overview of Henry Schein -- of our thirdquarter, we really feel strong about our businesses, about our strategies, gotthe moral in the company, and generally about the progress we have made. So, weare now ready, Steven and myself, to take any questions that you may have.Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from theline of Steven Postal with Lehman Brothers.
Steven Postal -Lehman Brothers: Thanks a lot, and good morning. I had a clarificationquestion and then a follow up. Steve, can you elaborate on the net impact ofthe two tax items and how on a net basis, that impacted you?
Steven Paladino: Sure. The two tax items, again, first there was a change inthe tax rates in Germany,and that caused us to have a one-time benefit of approximately $3 millionincluded in our effective tax rate. But there was also some tax restructuringthat occurred during the quarter, and there was an additional tax expense for asimilar amount, about $3 million that happened during the third quarter. So,the overall effective tax rate really isn't impacted, because they offset eachother by those two factors. But I just talk about both of them, since I think alot of people are aware of what's going on in Germany in the tax rates.
Steven Postal -Lehman Brothers: And then a question on flu vaccine, what droves the decisionto decrease the guidance to 15 million doses? I mean, it's my understandingthat it sounds to me like you maybe still have some product on back order, andyou are selling it right now. What’s the change relative to when we last heardfrom you?
Steven Paladino: Well, we decided a little while ago, that given the amountof supply that is available in the market, that in order to mitigate risk inorder to have very high confidence that will sell all of our products. Wedecided to reduce commitments for product. And we feel very comfortable thatthe commitments that we now have 15.5 million doses for 2007, given that we'vealready sold about 12.5 million of those doses. We feel very confident thatwe'll be able to sell the remainder in the next few or several weeks, and thatwas just really a decision to mitigate risk.
Steven Postal -Lehman Brothers: And Steve, that must speak to the flexibility that youapparently have in these contracts with suppliers.
Steven Paladino: Well, I'd rather not for competitive reasons go into thecontracts and which manufacturers we did this with. I think it's important forinvestors to know what our commitments are now and our confidence level inachieving that.
Steven Postal -Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from theline of John Kreger with William Blair & Company.
John Kreger - WilliamBlair & Company: Hi, a quick question for Steve. Can you talk a bit about thedeclining gross profit margin compared to a year ago? I'm guessing that wasdriven by a mix, but if you elaborate, that will be helpful.
Steven Paladino: Yes, you are exactly right that the gross margins diddecline a little bit; I think it was 20 some odd basis points on theyear-over-year-year basis. But let me tell you what it's not related to. It isnot any pricing pressures. It is not related to any unusual things in themarket. It is solely related to mix within our products. So, there's nothingthat we are concerned about in the gross margins, and obviously, we had verystrong leverage on our infrastructure expenses, and we improved our operatingexpenses as a percent of settles by over 160 basis points, getting that marginimprovement overall. But again, there's really nothing going on from a pricingperspective that we were concerned about. In fact, prices remain very stable,very constant.
John Kreger - WilliamBlair & Company: And in general terms, could you talk about what categoriesin your portfolio tend to be lower margin versus higher margin. For example,the step up in the vet business, would that have been a driver down on grossprofit?
Steven Paladino: Yeah, the vet business does have a little bit lower grossmargins. Now obviously, if you look at our business units, technology clearlyhas the highest gross margins. Next comes dental, and medical and vet, includinginternational are lower margins. But we look at the business really with theshared infrastructure, and we feel good about growing the operating marginsbecause of the leverage we can have on the business.
John Kreger - WilliamBlair & Company: Thanks very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question is a follow-upquestion from Steven Postal with Lehman Brothers & Company.
Steven Postal -Lehman Brothers: Thank you; I got back quickly. Maybe just a couple offollow-up questions. The company is growing substantially over the yearsthroughout the world in various different businesses. I guess the big picturequestion, could you just, Stanley, maybe just talk about how you've managedthat growth as the company is growing and how you plan on continue to managethat growth as you go into different areas?
Stanley Bergman: Yes, Steve. Obviously, it's a very good question by the way.Obviously growth is managed through management, and I think we have investedsignificantly in management over the last 15 years and continue to invest inthat area. The way we are organized is that Jim Breslawskiheads up our -- who is our present Company Vice President heads up brilliantfocuses on our North American businesses. And in the North American businessarea, we have very good management that has been developed over the years inthe dental arena and in the medical arena, and most recently through anacquisition of NLS on the veterinary side. We've also focused very well on growingour management capability up in Utahwith respect to our Practice Solutions business. So, I would say that ourgrowth is significantly driven, and the results from the performance issignificantly driven in North America by the unified management that Jimmybrings to the North American business and then the various highways he has forthe specific business units. On the International side, the growth hasbeen driven by, of course, Michael Zack, similar capacity to Jimmy but on theInternational side as seasoned Henry Schein executive just like Jimmy. Jimmyhas been with the company for 27 years, and Michael has been with -- this ishis 18th year with the company. AndMichael has two managers reporting to him, Norbert Orth for Central Europe andBob Minowitz for Western Europe and the Middle East, and Australia and New Zealand. Norbert and Bob Minowitz are also bothvery seasoned executives. We have country managers underneath them that arevery, very good too. But we refer to internally as the third circle, and thatrelates to our business development, business which is headed up by Mark Mlotek. And Mark underneath him has a group about 10 or so peoplethat focus on business development matters when there will be acquisitions orexclusive or global vendor relations. And Mark and his team have correspondinggroups that they work with in the business units when it comes to integrationsof acquisitions and delivery on commitments made with respect to exclusives,and that works very, very well. However, what I think is the criticaldifferentiating feature between us and many other companies is that fact thatwe have a highly centralized infrastructure that is lead by GerryBenjamin. He has been with the company for almost 20 years.So Gerry relieves an infrastructure that is focused on IT purchasing, generaloperations, delivery of operations, inventory management, the whole workingcapital scenario, receivables, payables, the regulatory side, the security sidein conjunction, of course, with our legal department. And this has workedextremely well the centralized infrastructure. And, of course, Steve and myselfat the corporate level provide corporate support. So, I think we've got a very deepmanagement team, perhaps there were lot of questions over the years as to whywe had so many. But I think the depth and experience of our management team issomething that’s has allowed us to build this growth platform that, in fact,supports the terrific growth. And our growth calls for, as you know, 79%internal growth, leading to earnings per share of 15%, those earnings per shareturn into cash flow, and increasing those earnings per share frominternal growth further by acquisitions and exclusive business development typeof relationship. So the formula that we’ve been operating under for severalyears, I suppose as many as 10 years has worked very well for us.
Steven Postal -Lehman Brothers: Alright. Thanks. That's very helpful. What's your senseregarding any impact on dental services spending from the slowing economy, andI'm typically referring to implants and the lab business.
Stanley Bergman: The implant business I think is, of course, it could beslightly impacted I suppose by the any potential slowing of the economy.However, it's creating far greater acceptance globally than any, I think,economic issue would mitigate any real, you know, moderate economy. I mean, ifthere were real, real depression or something like that, who knows where it'sgoing to go? But if it would slight tapering the economy, the momentum in theimplant arena would overcome that. On the lab side, there are many puts and takes there. Ithink it would be hard to give you a composite number because of a lot of newtechnology entering into that filed. And overall, we still think it’s a goodbusiness for us. Overall, by the way, our implant business is doing very, verywell for us, a good acquisition for us.
Steven Postal -Lehman Brothers: And just a final question, Steve, it looked like theminority interest allocation there went up substantially; can you just talkabout that?
Steven Paladino: Yeah. It was actually linked to the labs question. Minorityinterest is up because of significantly increased profits, both in the Camlogimplant business, where we own a majority interest of 51%, as well as increasedprofitability in our Australian business where we also own a majority interestof 51%.
Steven Postal -Lehman Brothers: Interesting. Alright, thanks again.
Steven Paladino: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jennifer Hillswith Goldman Sachs & Company
Jennifer Hills - Goldman Sachs & Company: Good morning. Can you please provide additional color intothe supply and demand dynamics in the flu markets, and more specifically,demand from physicians, customers, has that decreased significantly, or arethey buying more of it direct? And then more color on pricing environment;we've seen that some of your competitors are offering to accept returns. Isthat a risk? Is there exposure? Is Henry Schein planning to do somethingsimilar? And then finally, why a more conservative outlook for flu in 2008?
Steven Paladino: Okay. We saw a very strong sales to our oppositioncustomers. We did very little business to date with other than physicians. Wedo, do a couple of governmental bids and we did sell to some other thirdparties, but the bulk of our sales, that we've sold to date have been for thephysician market. We're still seeing, as of less in this week, continued goodsales growth. So, we think it was overall a good season. We are hopeful that someof the activities at the CDC is going to be introducing some of their publicawareness campaigns, which I think are coming out this week or next week andcontinuing. We'll keep demand strong. With respect to returns, our policy has been that we sell fluvaccine on non-return basis to our customers. We have not seen that as anysignificant factor in achieving our sales goals. So, I don't see that changingat all for us. I think your last part of the question was related to the nextyear. We feel very good about selling 12 million to 15 million doses somewhatto this year. Our primary supply will be Glaxo Smith Kline. We feel very goodabout that relationship. I really just think it's a risk/reward situation forus to go and buy product. It's not to say that we can't sell more but want tofeel very comfortable in the 20 years of selling flu vaccine. We have never hada situation of not being able to sell our committed volumes. So, its reallyjust a risk/reward and nothing more than that.
Jennifer Hills - Goldman Sachs & Company: Perhaps a follow-up question on 2008 guidance. The organicgrowth trends have been extremely strong this year. How are you thinking aboutthose trends moving into 2008?
Steven Paladino: Well, I would say that, very generally speaking, we don'tsee major deviations from internal sales growth. There are a couple of itemsthat are baked into our guidance; number one, when we look at Dental equipmentsales growth, as I think most people realize Dental equipment sales growth hasbenefited recently from new exclusivities that we have been doing well on,those new exclusivities annualize after this quarter. So, we'll see a littlebit of impact related to that, but that's all baked into our guidance. We hopethat we'll see really international sales growth. If you look at the last fourquarters, it has been accelerating, but I think right now, the level that it’sat, is a comfortable level given the market conditions in Europe.So we don’t really see except those kind of minor exceptions, any majordeviations in internal sales growth. Let me add one other thing. Obviously, we expect to have onthe equipment side, E4D sales in 2008, and that should also benefit equipmentsales growth in 2008.
Jennifer Hills - Goldman Sachs & Company: Okay. That's all I had. Thank you.
Steven Paladino: Okay.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question is a follow-upquestion from John Kreger with William Blair & Company.
John Kreger - WilliamBlair & Company: Thanks very much. Steve, since you were mentioning E4D, canyou talk a little bit more about your expectations? I'm guessing there is apretty long sales cycle for a new product like this.
Steven Paladino: Yeah, I would say that, that's true, that it is a longersale cycle than some other products, but we also have a list of customers whohave expressed interest in buying the product. So, the first thing that we'llbe doing is, going back to that list and speaking to those customers andallowing them to, since they have expressed interest first, allowing them tobuy first. We feel good about E4D coming out. We feel like the product willperform well. We feel like our relationships with our customers will allow usto sell into the market, but we also want to make sure that as we beginselling, that the customer training, support and service levels are impeccableon the products. So we want to make sure that there is a very positive customerbuzz on the product, and the only way you get that is by the training andsupport. So we want to make sure that we don’t go too quickly, initially.
John Kreger - WilliamBlair & Company: Great, thanks. And then a separate question. If you look atyou international business now, what's the rough mix between dental medical andvet?
Steven Paladino: Now, its moving more towards medical and vet with theDunlops acquisition. Prior to Dunlops, it was probably 90% dental, and thebalance medical and vet very highly weighted towards to vet. Now, with Dunlops,it's probably in the 70% something range, you know, on the go forward basisdental, and again Dunlops is all veterinary business.
John Kreger - WilliamBlair & Company: Okay. Thanks. And then a final question. It's abouteconomics moving and the impact on your dental business here in the US.That impact to the last time we saw this earlier in the decade, if I recallconsumable growth slowed a bit, but your equipment business really took off andperhaps partly due to some tax incentives. As you think about some signs ofeconomics pulling now, would you expect a similar pattern or more stabletrends?
Steven Paladino: Well, right now, as you've seen our results, our dentalequipment sales have been very strong. We do believe that there is a little bitof sensitivity in the market, for very high priced products -- high pricedequipments that are newer products in the market. We believe that there's alittle sensitivity there. But, again, right now, looking at the third quarter results,we haven't seen anything related to economic conditions that would tell us thatthe markets are slowing. As Stanleytalked about implants a minute or two ago, we had very strong sales growth inour implant business, over 30% growth in implants in the third quarter. Ourprosthetic business also had very good growth in the third quarter. So, rightnow, we are not seeing any thing based on the economic conditions.
Stanley Bergman: It still seems to be a greater demand for dental servicesand the natural capacity. And therefore, in order to bring them into balance,there is an investment in equipment that leads to increased productivity in theout list. So we see that in most of the rest in world.
John Kreger - WilliamBlair & Company: Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the lines of David Veal withMorgan Stanley & Co. One moment. David, your line is open.
Susan Vasallo: Operator, maybe we can go to the next question and comeback.
Operator: David, your line is open.
David Veal - MorganStanley: I'm here, can you hear me?
Operator: Yes, we can.
Stanley Bergman: Yes.
David Veal - MorganStanley: Okay. Sorry. Maybe there is some cost synergies to beachieved from the new teleconferencing vendor. So, when we think about thestock price, with some of the flu vaccine varies behind is still like the stockrates maybe, permanently above the conversion price in the convert. Can youjust talk to, how you might think about refinancing that or how the outlooklooks like there?
Steven Paladino: Sure. You know the convert is in the money. It has a slightdiluted impact in our current earnings per share. I believe that the firstmaturity comes in 2010, where there is a put or call. Right now, I think, myguess would be that at that time, the convert would be refinanced, eitherbecause it's being put by shareholders or because of us calling it. And it'sprobably because it's, I think, it would be our most expensive debt becauseit's effectively having in our equity with the coupon rate. So that's probablyour most expensive debt that's on the balance sheet today. So my guess is thatit will be refinanced in the future.
David Veal - MorganStanley: That's basically in your guidance for '08?
Steven Paladino: Yeah. And that's correct. It is in our guidance for '08.
David Veal - MorganStanley: Okay. Sounds great. Thank you.
Steven Paladino: Welcome.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from theline of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird & Company.
Jeff Johnson - RobertBaird & Company: Stanley, Steve, good morning. How are you?
Stanley Bergman: Good. How are you doing, Jeff?
Jeff Johnson - RobertBaird & Company: Good. Thank you. One question I guess here on flu. Lookslike pricing is obviously holding in fairly well here. If I do the math just onyour revenue and number of doses, looks like over $10 per dose at this point.But next year, if I do the math on your guidance it looks like it maybe flowingthrough the bottomline at about a penny, a little north of a penny per millionshares. We'd previously have been thinking about a penny and a half per milliondoses, I am sorry. Has there been a change in international terms for next yearas you reduced your allocation? Is there just slightly more pricing, moreconservative pricing assumptions in your guidance for next year, or were wejust, kind of, wrong in how we used to run that through your P&L?
Steven Paladino: Well, again we -- there has been no change in our contracts.The only things will be, there will be a little bit of a mixed difference, webelieve next year between manufacturers. So it is a little bit over a penny permillion doses as you could see from our guidance. We are not really -- maybethat's, I think, it's realistic. No one knows what pricing is going to be nextyear. So I think we have built into our guidance a conservative estimate onwhat we think we can achieve in profitability. There is really nothing changedthat's going on there. So I guess some of the estimates that are out there werea little bit up.
Jeff Johnson - RobertBaird & Company: Fair enough. And just a follow-up on that. The straightmath, we’re doing the very simplistic math on your Q3 of revenue for flu versusnumber of doses over $10 is kind of what you recognized, at least in Q3 on apricing standpoint?
Steven Paladino: Yes, that’s correct. But also be aware that our salesincludes excise tax. Excise tax is about $7.50 per vial, so that’s inclusive ofexcise tax.
Jeff Johnson - RobertBaird & Company: Fair enough. And last question, just to make sureexpectations, I guess they're realistic going into Q4 and then as we get into2008, and as we look at your dental equipment business, comps now over the lastfour quarters or at least growth in dental equipment organically has been northof 20%. I would assume it's still fair to expect double-digit dental equipmentorganic growth over the next few quarters, that it won't fall off anythingbeyond that, as you still have the E4D coming out, as you talked about, andbase business is very healthy there.
Steven Paladino: Well, the base business is very healthy. Remember, we dohave the annualization that happens in Q4 of both, the Biolase and ICAPproducts or ISI products. We would still expect strong growth, but we’re notgiving guidance by that level of detail, and we still expect to gain marketshare in the equipment segment, and we still expect to introduce E4D. And eventhough those exclusives are annualized, and they should provide good growth ona year-over-year basis.
Jeff Johnson - RobertBaird & Company: Fair enough. Let me just ask it a little differently Steve. Ifwe exclude those exclusives over the last few quarters, dental equipmentorganics still around that double-digit range at least?
Steven Paladino: Again for competitive reasons, I'd rather not give thatlevel of detail, if you don’t mind.
Jeff Johnson - RobertBaird & Company: Fair enough. I appreciate it, guys. Thanks.
Steven Paladino: Okay.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Robert Willoughbywith the Banc of America & Company.
Robert Willoughby -Banc of America & Company: Hi. Did you comment on the move up in inventoriesreceivables and payables? Is that a flu phenomena or is there something elsebehind that?
Steven Paladino: Well, it's the combination of the increased sales growth onthe receivables side, yes. It's directly impacted by flu vaccine sales, becausethe bulk of what we sold in Q3 was in the September timeframe, and a verylittle of that has been collected at quarter-end. The flu really does not havean impact on inventory because we turned it around very quickly. So, there wassome inventory on hand at the end of Q3, but it's not a big driver. If you lookat our metrics for the quarter, we were more efficient on both, receivables,with improving DSOs by over half a day and improving inventory turns by overhalf the time. So, it's really just because of increased sales volume, both onthe organic growth and the acquisition growth.
Robert Willoughby -Banc of America & Company: Okay. So do we see the bulk likely to come in this quarter? Doyou pay down the payables, or how should we think about that?
Steven Paladino: Are you just talking specifically about influenza vaccine?
Robert Willoughby -Banc of America & Company: Yeah, I guess if that is the bulk of the receivables boost.
Steven Paladino: Yeah, but that's normal payment times for flu vaccines, andthe normal payment to manufacturers. And yes, we did offer some extended termsfor some flu vaccine customers, but that should be substantially collected bythe year end, and maybe some that trickles into the first quarter. But again, Ireally would focus you more on not the absolute dollars but on the DSOs and inventoryreturns, because that's really, I think the better metric.
Robert Willoughby -Banc of America & Company: And Steve, just the accounts payables line item fourthquarter, that should trend higher, or that should trend lower?
Stanley Bergman: No. If it trends higher in Q4, there is typically thepotential for us to do some forward buy-ins at the end of the year. So to theextent if that occurs, that inventory would not be paid for until January. Iwould expect it to trend a little bit higher.
Robert Willoughby -Banc of America & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there's no further questions. Presenters, doyou any closing remarks?
Stanley Bergman: Okay, thank you for participating in today's call. As Iassume, you can tell from Steven and my words and our tone, we are very, veryoptimistic about the overall prospects of the company, and we thank you foryour interest. If there are any question, please feel free to give Steve a callat the Henry Schein number, which is 631-843-5915. Neal Goldner, our VP ofInvestor Relations, his extension is 2820, and Susan Vassallo, who heads up communications,her extension is 5562. So, we will be back again next quarter, but I think itsin four month's time, right, because there's an extra month for the year end.
Steven Paladino: I think it’s a little bit later. Yes, that’s right.
Stanley Bergman: 220 days. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You maydisconnect at this time.
