===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-30 13:00:00) =====
Jared Conley - VP, IR:
Joe Margolis - CEO:
Scott Stubbs - CFO:
Jared Conley: Thank you, John, and welcome to Extra Space Storage's Q1 2025 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, April 30, 2025. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of the changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to report a solid first quarter, with performance exceeding our internal projections across several key metrics. Our core FFO of $2 per share represents a 2% increase year-over-year. Same-store occupancy remained at historically high levels, ending the quarter at 93.4%. This represents an improvement of a 100 basis points from the first quarter, 2024, and 10 basis points from the previous quarter, and drove positive same-store revenue growth of 0.3%. Our positive revenue growth demonstrates the continued resilience of our portfolio and effective revenue management, customer acquisition, and operational strategies. We also expect to see additional benefit from the performance of the former life storage assets, which continue to see leasing and pricing improvements since being unified under the extra space storage brand. Our external growth initiatives demonstrated strong momentum in the first quarter. We completed $153.8 million in wholly owned acquisitions, adding 12 high quality stores to our portfolio. We also dissolved a 23 property joint venture and realized an embedded promote of $1.7 million. In this transaction, we exchanged our 25% ownership interest in 17 properties for a 100% ownership interest in six properties. Our bridge loan program remained active with the team closing $53.2 million in loans during the quarter. We sold $27.7 million in bridge loans as part of our capital allocation strategy and ended the quarter with approximately $1.4 billion in loans on our balance sheet. This program continues to provide attractive risk adjusted returns while building and enhancing valuable relationships with owners across the storage sector. Our management plus platform showed remarkable growth adding a 113 stores gross and achieving a net addition of 100 properties. This brings our third party managed portfolio to 1,675 stores, reinforcing our position as the leading third party management provider in the industry. Our multi-channel approach to external growth combining wholly owned acquisitions, joint ventures, bridge lending and third party management continues to provide us with numerous opportunities to expand our footprint and enhance shareholder value. As we evaluate the current macro environment, we understand why investors across asset classes are concerned. We share the concerns about interest rates, volatility and economic uncertainty. However, we are also encouraged by many attributes of our sector, portfolio and platform which have led us to maintain our 2025 guidance. First, the self-storage sector has historically demonstrated resilience during economic downturns due to its need-based demand drivers and broad customer base. Second, we have a highly diversified portfolio with exposure to markets in all stages of development and economic cycles, removing much of the market volatility experienced in smaller and more concentrated portfolios. And finally, our sophisticated systems, experienced team, economies of scale and strong balance sheet position us well to optimize performance and to outperform the storage sector as a whole in the long run, regardless of market conditions. We are encouraged by the strength of many key current operational metrics and have not seen any change in customer health or behavior to date. We have high same store occupancy, improvement in new customer rates, low move-out activity and stable delinquency which all position us well for future growth. We remain confident in our ability to execute our diversified investment strategy as opportunities arise across our multiple growth channels. We remain focused on maximizing FFO by executing our proven operational strategies and maintaining our industry-leading platform. I will now turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe, and hello, everyone. As Joe mentioned, our first quarter financial results were ahead of our internal expectations. Our core FFO of $2 per share represents a 2% increase from the prior year. This outperformance was driven by better than expected same store revenue, higher tenant insurance and greater interest income. On the expense front, we saw a notable divergence between controllable and uncontrollable costs. Our operations team successfully reduced controllable expenses by 1.9% year-over-year through operational efficiencies and strategic cost management. However, uncontrollable expenses increased by 8% primarily due to continued property tax pressure and weather-related expenses. This dynamic of controllable versus uncontrollable expenses resulted in a same-store NOI decrease of 1.2% compared to the first quarter of 2024. We continued to strengthen our balance sheet as we executed two bond offerings in the quarter, one five-year issuance of $350 million at an effective rate of 5.17% and a second 10-year issuance of $500 million at 5.4%. These offerings demonstrate our continued access to public debt markets and our ability to secure favorable terms despite the volatile interest rate environment. We continue to maintain a conservative leverage profile with almost 90% of our debt at fixed rates net of our bridge loans receivable. This helps insulate us from near-term interest rate fluctuations. Our weighted average interest rate stands at 4.4%, reflecting our ability to secure competitive financing across market cycles. Based on our first quarter performance and current market conditions, we are maintaining our full-year 2025 FFO guidance. Same-store revenue, expense, and NOI guidance also remains unchanged. This guidance assumes no significant recovery of the housing market and reflects our strong occupancy levels and stable new customer rates balanced against broader economic uncertainties. On the expense front, we anticipate continued pressure from property taxes and other uncontrollable costs. We have updated a few items in our guidance, including a $17 million reduction at the midpoint in equity and earnings. This reduction reflects the repayment of the SmartStop $200 million preferred investment and the expected buyout of certain JV partners. The income from the properties we have and will purchase from our JV partners is now reflected in non-same-store NOI. We have also increased interest expense to account for these partners' buyouts and to reflect the change in the forward interest curve. Our annual acquisition guidance has also been increased to account for the JV buyouts that are currently under agreement. We are encouraged by our core business fundamentals and are confident that our diversified portfolio and systems will maximize performance in all economic scenarios. And with that, John, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith from UBS. Your line is now open.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my question. It looks like street rates closed the gap pretty materially in the first quarter. I was wondering, what's driving that, you know, it doesn't feel like demand is incrementally picking up, but I'd love to hear your comments there. And then also if you can provide an update on just how the conditions played out so far in April.
Scott Stubbs: Yeah, Michael, so, so far, quarter to date, things have played out very similar to what we were expecting. So, no major surprises, maybe slightly ahead of what we originally expected. In terms of street rates, our street rates have gone from negative 9% in Q3 last year to year-end street rates of negative 6%. In the first quarter, we averaged, our average was slightly negative. And then by the end of the quarter and into April, we were, we were flat. So street rates have improved. We're encouraged by that improvement, a 6% movement in the quarter is encouraging, but it's still pretty early to say where those are going to go into our rental season.
Michael Goldsmith: Got it. And as a follow-up. During the first quarter, you had seems to revenue growth of 30 basis points, the midpoint of the guidance range implies that seems to revenue remained in that range through the year. I guess, like, is that a reasonable outcome for the same sort of revenue just to kind of remain where it is through the year, or are you just trying to maintain some flexibility given some of the uncertainty out there? Thanks.
Scott Stubbs: Yeah, so I think it depends on where you are in the range. I mean, you're assuming the midpoint in your comments here. We gave a fairly wide range for the year and that had to do with not really knowing some of the economic conditions that we were going to see. So I think we're now moving into the leasing season. If we do see that rate power, I think that you'll see is above the midpoint of the range. And if we don't see much rate power, I think you could see it play out midpoint to below.
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you very much. Good luck in the second quarter.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Spector from BofA Securities. Your line is now open.
Samir Khanal: Hi, actually it's Samir Khanal. Sorry about that. So good morning, everybody. So Joe, it looks like you had the ability to raise guidance, but you didn't. And it doesn't look like you've seen any changes in customer behavior, but I guess what instructions are you giving your troops on the ground as it relates to leasing, right? This spring leasing season, has there been a shift in strategy at all, given the uncertainty you've kind of mentioned in your opening remarks?
Joe Margolis: No, there's been no change of instruction or strategy. Our goal is to maximize revenue. We have systems and processes in place to do that. I don't need to give instructions on a day-to-day basis. The algorithms are pricing every unit in every building on a nightly basis, taking into account both our massive data set that we have and what's going on the ground today. And I'm very, very confident that both our systems and our people are set up to take advantage of whatever opportunities present themselves and react to the environment as it unfolds.
Samir Khanal: Thank you for that. And then I guess my second question is, I mean, in your opening remarks, you talked about the sort of the positive impact from LSI that you're seeing. Maybe expand on that. I mean, you talked about improved leasing in that portfolio. Maybe just give it a little bit more color. Thanks.
Joe Margolis: Sure, absolutely. Good question. So overall, the former LSI stores we branded as extra space are progressing as expected. We're seeing improvement in both organic and local search results, although there's still further room to improve there. The occupancy gap between the former life storage same-store pool and the former extra space same-store pool is close to 30 basis points, which is as tight as it's ever been. If you look at the three month period prior to the conversion to a single brand and compare it to that three month, first quarter 2025 period, rentals at the former life storage stores are up 10.4%. The rate growth at the life storage stores is faster than the rate growth at the extra space stores. And on the expense side, in the first quarter, we saved $1.3 million in paid search at the life storage stores. Physically, we've had 500 stores that have their signage replaced, 350 offices complete. We'll have the painting done by year end. So while we're well on our way there, we're not done. And we hope to get further improvement as the physical part of the re-branding is completed as well. So overall, happy where we are, happy with the pace of progress and looking forward to it continuing.
Samir Khanal: Thank you for that. And finally, Scott, just one last one on this exchange of the 25% ownership interest for the properties to the existing joint venture. Was there an impact in 1Q from that at all?
Scott Stubbs: There actually is no impact. It basically is moved from equity and equity pickup to it'll be wholly owned. And that transaction actually happened on March 31st. So going forward, it's reflected in non-same store NOI.
Samir Khanal: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Samir.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Samir.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico from Scotiabank. Your line is now open.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. I was hoping to just get a feel for the acquisition yields for what was done in the quarter and what's still under contract right now.
Joe Margolis: Sure. So we bought a wide variety of types of assets in the first quarter. The underwritten months to stabilization range from one month to 19 months. So that tells you they're at different stage of lease up. Initial yields range from 2.3% to 6.5% and they stabilize in the upper 6s to 7%. So obviously, higher stabilized yields if you're further out on the stabilization projection.
Nick Yulico: Okay, great, thank you. And then just second question is, and I know Scott kind of framed out some of the change in moving rate growth in the fall versus the fourth quarter. And even if we looked at it like sequentially in terms of what the moving rents were in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter, there was a higher sequential jump in that moving rate than there was a year ago during those similar periods. And at the same time you had occupancy up. So I guess is the message here that you guys are feeling a little bit better about pushing rate and removing some of the discounting on the front end? How should we think about that? Thanks.
Scott Stubbs: I think we're feeling good about things. I think it's still too early to say moving into the leasing season. Rates have moved up sequentially month over month, which is good. But on a year over year basis, and from the previous quarter, they moved up 6% and they continue to move. But we'll see how those move as we move into the leasing season. So we would almost tell you it's really too early to tell.
Nick Yulico: Okay, thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Nick.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
AJ Peak: Hi, this is AJ on for Todd. Quick question, just real quick around the April data. Could you quantify the occupancy for April thus far and what that looks like year over year?
Scott Stubbs: Yeah, occupancy at the end of April is 93.7. So it's a slight increase from where we were at the end of Q1. So, you know, good movement in April.
AJ Peak: Okay, and then real quick around kind of the 3 p.m. growth, kind of throughout the balance of the year. And I guess just more broadly in this environment, how have the discussions changed around either the 3 p.m., structured financing, or even acquisitions with sellers?
Joe Margolis: So 3 p.m. growth was really strong, 100 net. That includes the assets in the partnership that were moved from managed wholly-owned, sorry. So very strong quarter 100 net is phenomenal growth. We continue to see strong demand from operators who are having trouble in the environment. We're seeing an increase in that demand and a significant decrease in demand from new developments as the development pipeline continues to slow down. Similarly, on the bridge loan program, we see demand kind of converse to the acquisition market. So as the acquisition market continues to be muted, continued bid-ask spread, we see a number of borrowers seeking to kind of get a bridge solution instead of selling, and they'll try again in three years. So very good activity on both of those fronts.
AJ Peak: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamden from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ronald Kamden: Great, just two quick ones from my end. Just love some comments on the expense side, how you're sort of thinking about it. Obviously taxes were higher as you expected, but just any sort of relief as you go through the year.
Scott Stubbs: Yeah, so property taxes and property and casualty insurance are the two areas that we kind of see pressure this year. So property taxes in the first quarter were higher. Some of that is a function of the bills that we received in the fourth quarter, and we were effective. We had to catch up that accrual in the fourth quarter, so you had a harder comp from the first quarter of last year. So on an annual basis, we wouldn't expect them to increase at this rate, but on a quarterly basis, it was a tougher comp. So the expense pressure is coming more from we're doing what we can to control these expenses, whether it's appealing things on the property and casualty side. We've been very active in meeting with a lot of carriers, trying to make sure that we have as many people in the bid process as possible. But you're somewhat subject to market conditions on the property and casualty side.
Ronald Kamden: Great. My second question is just obviously April sounds like it's going well, but just from a macro perspective after April 2nd, as you're sort of thinking about your business, your markets, bad debt, tenant feedback, any sort of signs that tariffs are having an impact anywhere on your business, business customer, anything that's coming up that you could share. Thanks.
Joe Margolis: So from a customer standpoint, we're seeing no impact as of today, in any metric. So demand, which was mentioned earlier, is measured by Google search, generic Google search terms is actually better now than it was last year at this time and better than 2019. So there is demand out there. We're not seeing any change in customer behavior in terms of acceptance of ECRIs, defaults, bad debt. The business is still good with no change. Looking forward, we don't know. And we don't know what the effect of tariffs are going to be on customer and customer behavior. I do know that our systems and our ability to collect and react to data will optimize whatever comes to fruition. So I feel good about that. I also think that tariffs, and we don't even know what tariffs are going to mean in the long run, are going to have an effect on pricing, immigration policy may have -- on commodity pricing, steel pricing. Immigration policy is going to have an effect on labor pricing. And I think those things will further reduce new development in the future, which is a good thing for our business.
Ronald Kamden: Great. Thanks so much. That's it for me.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Ronald.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Spenser Glimcher from Green Street. Your line is now open.
Spenser Glimcher: Thank you. Joe, you commented on the sector's resiliency during economic downtimes. With that in mind, have you guys started to see more capital looking to get into the space in recent months?
Joe Margolis: I don't know if we've seen more capital, Spenser. I think, you know, over the long term, there's been an increase in institutional capital looking to get into the space. You know, when withdrawal cues in the open-end fund started and there was other re-allocations of capital, it slowed down somewhat we were certainly more busy with our joint venture partners in 2020, 2021, and 2022 than we were in 2024 and currently this year. But there still is a lot of capital that is interested in self-storage.
Spenser Glimcher: That's helpful. Thanks so much.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Wolfe from Citi. Your line is now open.
Eric Wolfe: Hey, thanks. You mentioned that demand as measured by Google searches is stronger than last year and I think 2019 as well. But if you listen to the home builders, it seems like demand is pretty soft right now on affordability concerns. Apartments are seeing record low turnover. So I'm just curious if there are other demand sources besides moving that are becoming a bit more important, drivers of demand. Essentially just wondering why the Google searches look good right now at a time that the sort of moving environment seems to be a bit weaker than normal.
Joe Margolis: Yes, so moving demand certainly has declined. The peak for us was the third quarter of 2021 when 63% of our customers told us they were in the process of moving. And that's not only moving to a for sale house. That might be moving apartment to apartment or house to apartment or back home or to a dorm. But the peak was 63% of our customers. And now it's about 54% in the first quarter. So there clearly is a decline, but people are still moving. There's still a substantial demand from that. The increase in demand has been in the lack of space customer. And that's about 35% of our customers now are telling us that they are renting because they don't have enough space in their current situation. And the positive there is the length of stay of the lack of space customer is twice that of the moving customer. And one reason we see low vacates, I think, is because of this shift. And it's helped increase both our occupancy and our average length of stay.
Eric Wolfe: That's helpful. And that lack of space customer, is that more pronounced in certain markets? Like, I guess I would think, New York, you know, big, major urban markets where people tend to rent more than buy. But I'm just curious if it breaks down by market at all.
Joe Margolis: Yeah, I think I think your rationale is logical, right. New York has always been a market with less transition and more kind of lack of space, small living space tenants. And you see that in market performance, right. New York, both New York MSA and the New York boroughs outperformed our portfolio average by a significant amount. But that's a healthy market right now.
Eric Wolfe: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good morning. A question on the rates as it relates to guidance rates for new customers. You're flat now, and you said that was kind of one of the main variables, whether you're at the high or low end. If rates are flat year-over-year on average or to the balance of the year, what would that mean in terms of where you'd be in within the guidance range, all else equal?
Scott Stubbs: Juan, we actually haven't guided using rates. When we do our modeling, when we do all that, we are guiding using revenue dollars. And so when I'm speaking to rates and strength of that, it's more in generalities. So I would tell you, obviously, higher rates are going to produce more revenue and lower rates are going to produce less. But we are guiding more on revenue versus rate.
Juan Sanabria: Okay, fair enough. And then just a question on ECRIs. You've heard from some that there's been maybe some moderation in ECRIs, maybe the quantum that's asked for on average. Have you guys done any of that or seen that more broadly in the industry as you've kind of gotten more up front or less pain up front and those rates have stabilized year over year? But is there any kind of offset in ECRIs as part of that give and take between the two, street rates and ECRIs?
Joe Margolis: Well, I think broadly, no. I think what changes ECRI for us, I'm not speaking about the industry, is street rate. If we bring someone in at a discounted rate, an introductory rate, we'll try to get them through ECRI to street rate, to two or close to street rate. In a reasonable period of time. And if street rate is not growing, that gives us less of an opportunity to do that. And if street rate is growing, then you get a little larger ECRI. But I would think that's the variable is where street rate is going.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brad Heffern from RBC. Your line is now open.
Brad Heffern: Yeah. Hey, everyone. You mentioned the Google search data having gotten a little better and that demand is finally sort of stabilized and also gotten a little better. What do you think is driving that? Have we finally just gotten to low enough pricing that that's stabilizing things? Obviously, nothing's happened on the housing front. Supply is pretty slow moving. So just wondering what you think is driving it.
Joe Margolis: I don't think pricing has anything to do with it. People are searching for storage near me before they have any idea what the price is. I think it's life events and just all the typical things in good economies, in bad economies and in all economies that happen that drive people to need storage. And it's one of the great, great things about our businesses. These things happen during all economic periods. People are going to get divorced regardless of what the economy is going on, et cetera, et cetera. So I think it's just normal demand that is created by life events.
Brad Heffern: Okay, got it. And then on the tariffs, are you expecting any direct impact on tenants away from losing your job or like the macroeconomic impacts? I know it's hard to quantify, but I'm just wondering if you have small businesses where they have an Amazon business, may have a unit full of imports from China, where it might be a headwind.
Joe Margolis: So if that's true, it's a really small part of our business to start with. And I also think to the extent there are negative impacts, so the tenant that has Amazon imports from China now is out of business. There will be offsetting positive impacts of the business that ran out of a small flex space and their business is hurting and they have to downsize and operate out of a 10 by 20. So overall, I don't think it's going to be a big, I'm pretty sure it's not going to be a big mover to our business.
Brad Heffern: Okay, thank you.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Luebchow from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Eric Luebchow: Great, thank you. I know you don't guide to occupancy or moving rates, but I think last call you had talked about maybe some of your occupancy burning off throughout the course of the year. And that could give you a little bit more leverage in pricing. So just wondering if those dynamics kind of still hold and what you see in the market and how we should think about the next few quarters.
Scott Stubbs: What we've said in the past about occupancy is we expect less occupancy benefit in the middle and back half of the year than what we saw in the front half. And we still assume that to be true.
Eric Luebchow: Okay, appreciate that. And then on the acquisition guide, the $600 million in your updated guide, I guess, how should we think about the potential mix there between wholly-owned acquisitions or JV investments? And I guess, have you seen any real change in stabilized cap rates or bid ask spreads in the market year to date versus last year?
Scott Stubbs: Yeah, the best place to see this split is the table in the press release. And you'll see a footnote over the column and the stuff that's to happen going forward. So of those 28 properties, 27 of those are JVs. And then I'll have Joe comment on the market.
Joe Margolis: Yeah, I don't think I could accurately give you a market cap rate. The transactions that we see close all seem to have some unique story or circumstances of why the asset was sold at the price it was. I'm not sure there's enough volume that I'm comfortable with saying this is the clearing price or the clearing yield for an asset of a particular quality in a particular market. I think it's a very quiet and uncertain market right now.
Eric Luebchow: All right, appreciate it. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning there. I was wondering if you could just comment on your supply outlook for the year.
Joe Margolis: So in the first quarter, we saw deliveries in our micro markets of our same-store pool was as expected. We expected about 10% kind of on a square foot basis increase in those markets in 2025. And in the first quarter we were tracking to that. I would not at all be surprised if the new deliveries goes down further. Just from what we're seeing in conversations with developers, increase in our management plus platform. It is difficult now to understand what your costs are going to be and understand what your returns are going to be. And it's significantly slowing down development.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Makes sense. And then it looks like actually post-quarter you guys did some buyback. So just wondering how you decided to do that and how you were thinking about that opportunity versus other uses of capital.
Joe Margolis: It's a great way to ask the question because that is the decision. It's a capital allocation decision. And our stock price got to a point where we thought it was a very easy decision to allocate capital to that. We put a program in place. We were hoping to slowly buy a sizable amount of stock without moving the market. And two hours later the president put a pause on tariffs and the stock jumped and our program ended. So we only ended up buying a little bit of stock. It was at a favorable price. I wish we had a greater opportunity to buy more. And we'll continue going forward to look at that as one of our many options of how to allocate capital.
Caitlin Burrows: Thanks.
Joe Margolis: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Griffin from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Michael Griffin: Great, thanks. I'm wondering if you could give a little more context and color on these upcoming JV buyouts or acquisitions you have for the remainder of the year. Can we get a sense? Is it you approaching your partner? I imagine you obviously own and probably manage these properties so you have a good sense for how they're operating on the ground. Are these capital partners more finite life vehicles that need to bring capital back to investors? Give us a sense of what the kind of property mix is here and how these deals came to be.
Joe Margolis: Sure. We have two joint venture buyouts that have been agreed to but not closed. Both situations, this is a capital allocation decision for the partner. They'd like to take this capital and put it somewhere else. One is a 2019 venture with 11 stores. One is a 2021 venture with 16 stores. We will realize a $3.1 million promote in one and a $4.2 million promote in the other. In the first one, we'll invest about $100 million in a first year yield of 7.7%. In the second one, we will have incremental capital of about $55 million at about 7.4%. So both accretive and good uses of capital.
Scott Stubbs: Maybe just one clarifying point there. That's the cash invested. We're also assuming debt on both of those babies to get to the total purchase price that's in the tables in the press release.
Michael Griffin: That's certainly helpful context, Scott. And then Scott, I know you laid out in your prepared remarks, as it relates to guidance, you're not expecting a recovery in the housing market. But I imagine job growth is also relatively correlated with storage demand. We've obviously got the jobs report coming out on Friday. I think if that really starts to fall off a cliff, whether it's bigger declines than people expect or maybe job losses. I mean have you done any analysis around that and how that could impact your expectations for growth?
Scott Stubbs: We have. We've looked for co-occurring factors over the years. Job creation, job growth does impact it. We clearly prefer strong job growth than shrinking jobs. But at the same time, change is what drives self-storage. And good times, bad times, there's going to be change. And so even during the last downturn, 2008-2009, we saw a negative same-store growth of 2.9%. So, we feel like self-storage is set up to not be recessionary. Nothing's recession-proof, but it does very well in a downturn also.
Michael Griffin: Great. That's it for me. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ravi Vaidya from Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Ravi Vaidya: Hi, guys. I hope you guys are doing well. As we look ahead to the peak leasing season here, which markets do you expect to see strong and outsized demand from? Which ones may be a bit more concerning or something to monitor, whether it be a weak pricing, lower demand, or higher operating expenses? Thanks.
Joe Margolis: I would think the answer to that question relates to supply, really. So the markets that are still absorbing supply, Atlanta, some of the Florida markets on the southwest coast, Phoenix, maybe, will have more difficulty than the markets that have already absorbed supply or never really were in that type of supply situation.
Ravi Vaidya: Got it. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from Truist. Your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Good morning. Just going back to the bridge loan topic, can you illustrate for us how much more demand you might be seeing in that program, given the volatile cost of the capital market?
Joe Margolis: I think we're seeing steady demand. I'm not sure we're seeing increasing demand when you say more demand. I think we're seeing steady demand in that business, and it's kind of a wide variety of demand. Fewer new development projects at CO, more borrowers who are buying out an equity partner or tried to sell and couldn't or didn't want to at the price they could sell, so they're looking for a temporary solution. And other people who want to do additions to their property or other situations like that. But I think demand is more steady than increasing.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And on the LSI assets, you mentioned improving rentals and occupancy. For rate, for the comparable properties to EXR, where is that gap today and how is it trending?
Joe Margolis: Overall, the trend is positive. The LSI stores are improving. Their rate growth is better than the extra space properties. We're not really looking at two separate pools anymore. I'm reporting on that. We will just report our same-store pool, and you can look at prior pools where the change is 95% LSI to see the difference in performance.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller from JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Mike Mueller: Yeah. Hi. I guess first question, if a recession actually happens, can you talk about how you think you'd approach operating the portfolio to the playbook from the GFC?
Joe Margolis: Yeah, really, really good question. I think we're in a much, much better position than we were in 2009 to maximize performance in a downturn. We just didn't have the systems, the data, the experience back then that we have now. And we did a bunch of things back then that in hindsight we didn't need to do, right. We had a vacate problem in 2009, not a demand problem, which was interesting. Our problem was really on the vacate side. We tried unilaterally lowering customers' rates to get them not to vacate. And obviously, that doesn't work when people don't need storage. I'm much more confident that our systems will react real-time to what's going on to optimize performance. And all we can do is do the best we can in the situation that's presented to us, but we are set up well to perform as best as we can regardless of the cards we're dealt.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay, maybe one other quick one, too. Do you have a sense as to what portion of, I guess, the bridge loans that you extend ultimately translate into some sort of acquisition? Has there been a consistent ratio in the conversion of, say, number of loans to acquisition transactions?
Joe Margolis: We've closed about $2.5 billion worth of bridge loans, and we've bought about $595 million of collateral. So that's about 24% of all loans by dollars end up being acquisitions. It's lumpy, though. I will tell you that. It's not consistent quarter after quarter. It's more situational. But it's one of the great attributes. In addition to the fees we get, the interest, the management and economics, the expansion of our relationships, it's one of the other great benefits of this program is it's a somewhat proprietary acquisition pipeline.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Lynch from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Brendan Lynch: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. We're a few months on from the fires in Los Angeles. Can you give us an update on how it's impacting operations and customer behavior?
Joe Margolis: We don't see the increase in demand from fires like we do from hurricanes. There's not a change in customer behavior that way. There's a demand. Obviously, our pricing has been restricted by the state of emergency that's in place. We think that's going to affect overall portfolio performance by about 20 basis points in revenue this year. And it kind of it is what it is. We will optimize given the situation that we're in.
Brendan Lynch: That makes sense. Thank you. Another question on the marketing spend. It was down 12.5% year-over-year at a time when you're increasing occupancy. How should we think about that marketing spend going forward and what is changing in your approach?
Scott Stubbs: Marketing spend, we view as a tool to maximize revenue. If we have opportunities to spend more, to drive more demand, to increase pricing, we're going to do it. Now that should be offset by some of the savings from the LSI. Going to a single brand, we do expect savings there in terms of only bidding on one. But we absolutely view it as an opportunity and also an expense.
Brendan Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Brendan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Omotayo Okusanya from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Omotayo Okusanya: Yes. Good morning out there. Quick one on guidance. Again, you almost doubled your acquisition outlook, but you still kind of kept guidance the same. Can you just walk us through a little bit of that train of thought?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. The increase in guidance is offset by a portion of the decrease in equity and earnings. Equity and earnings is going down by about $17 million. That decrease relates to two components. The first is the repayment of the SmartStop preferred, which is about $10 million of the $17 million. And the other $7 million is effectively moving into non-same-store NOI.
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay. That's helpful. And then again, pardon me if I missed this, but ECRI trends in 1Q. Could you just talk a little bit about exactly how much you increased ECRIs? And then I think there was a prior question about how that could potentially be impacted by a slowdown in the economy or recession and how you're kind of thinking about it for the rest of the year.
Joe Margolis: So really no change to our ECRI program in the first quarter other than with respect to Los Angeles and other states of emergencies where we're legally restricted. And also no change in customer behavior. As we've discussed previously, we track move-outs in response to ECRI every month. And we see that that's been very steady with no increase in move-outs to the ECRI.
Omotayo Okusanya: Got you. Last one, if I may ask, any interest at all in doing anything internationally? Again, you have a pair that's doing things all the way in the UK, all the way in Australia. I'm just kind of curious how you kind of think about some of those markets where maybe the product itself is not quite as mature and there might be a little bit more opportunity for growth.
Joe Margolis: We certainly look at international opportunities. We were invested in Mexico for a while. We've looked at lots of other opportunities. And there's really two big hurdles we want to jump over before we go outside the U.S. One is that we want to make at least and preferably more return on the dollar invested overseas as the dollar invested here, net of taxes and currency and setting up systems and all the costs of going international. So it's got to be accretive net of all of those things. And then secondly, it's got to be scalable. We're not really interested in buying two assets in Toronto. It's not worth the headache. So if we can find something that's accretive for our shareholders and we can make it scalable over time, then we'd be very interested in it. And we certainly look at a lot of opportunities and we'll pull the trigger if we can ever satisfy those conditions.
Omotayo Okusanya: Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
AJ Peak: Yeah, hi. Just a couple of quick follow-ups here. First, Joe, you noted that there could be some instances of demand from tenants that might need to downsize from a flex space and look to a larger storage unit or multiple units. Are you seeing any use cases like that worth noting, anything to report along those lines? Or was that just a point that you were making to sort of simply demonstrate the businesses' various demand drivers?
Joe Margolis: It's really the latter. We have seen that. It's anecdotal. We don't have enough volume of that to track over time. It's not a major part of our business. But the point that I was trying to make is that while positive economic growth, job growth creates storage demand and we prefer that, there is also storage demand that's created by negative economic circumstances. And I was just trying to give an example.
AJ Peak: Okay. Got it. And then, I understand you're not breaking out the LSI portfolio going forward, but I'm just curious, the contribution to same-store growth this year, that tailwind from the LSI portfolio, do you expect that to increase during the year? Or is the impact sort of greatest early in the year to start the year here in the first quarter, for example?
Scott Stubbs: We would expect it to not increase, to be flat to slightly moderating.
AJ Peak: Okay. And then just one more. Going back to the third-party management platform, you've seen pretty sizable growth there over the last couple of years. Are there any constraints at all to growing that platform as you look ahead? Any sort of obstacles that you face? Or any plans to do anything more strategic with the third-party management business over time?
Joe Margolis: Well, once we manage every store in the country, we'll be done. That's the constraint. I don't think so. I think we have a scalable platform. The larger we get, the more advantages we have of scale in terms of data and costs and efficiencies. So I think we can continue to grow this platform, maybe not 100 stores a quarter, but certainly we can continue to grow it as we expand into new markets. That gives us more opportunities. And it's an integral part of our business that gives us benefits across lots of verticals. It helps our bridge loan business, helps our acquisition business, helps us with data. So I don't think we'd want to do something strategic if you mean like carve it off and sell it. I don't think that's in the plans.
AJ Peak: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Griffin from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Michael Griffin: Hey, thanks for taking the follow-up. Just wanted a little more clarity. I noticed I think the move-in volume year-over-year in the same store pool looked like it was down about 12%, a 165,000 units this quarter versus a 188,000 first quarter of last year. Is there anything to read into this? I mean, that seems like a pretty notable drop-off, but any color you have here would be helpful. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Some of that is a function on the comp from last year. We actually had a very good rental volume last year, but overall move-in and move-out volume are down, but probably the more important number here is occupancy. I mean, occupancy and revenue growth are doing what we would expect, so I wouldn't tell you there's anything to read into it.
Michael Griffin: Great. Thank you so much.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi. Quick follow-up on the business use, realizing that it's a small part of your business. I'm just wondering if you have any idea if that's like 2% of your business or 6% or more, or you don't know?
Joe Margolis: So, we don't know exactly because it's easy to track a customer that signs their lease in the corporate name, but we also have lots of businesses that sign their lease in an individual name and they're a landscaper or a local business. So we know about 5% or 6% of our tenants sign in business names, so probably our overall business use is somewhere north of that. And it's gone down over time as a larger portion of our portfolio is multi-story buildings where a fewer percentage of our units are the first floor, 10 by 10s, outside access that the businesses prefer, that most businesses prefer.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Thanks.
Joe Margolis: Sure. You're welcome.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Joe Margolis, CEO. Please continue.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, everyone, for your interest in Extra Space and your good questions. We're encouraged by the start of the year, as we've tried to say, and we're prepared for whatever the future puts in front of us. I hope everyone has a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-26 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Extra Space Storage Inc. Q4 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question and answer session. If at any time during this call you require immediate assistance, please press star zero for the operator. This call is being recorded on Wednesday, February 26, 2025. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jared Conley. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Jared Conley: Thank you, Rina. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statement contained in the company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, February 26, 2025. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Jared. And thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. To begin the call, I would first like to address the impact the recent California wildfires have had on our people and properties. I am happy to report that all of our teammates are safe and that none of our properties suffered physical damage from these fires. I recognize that some of our peers in the industry were directly and personally impacted by the fires, and everyone at Extra Space wishes them and their families the best. Turning to the fourth quarter, results were slightly ahead of our internal expectations. Core FFO in the quarter was $2.03 per share, and full-year core FFO was $8.12 per share. Operationally, demand was steady, allowing us to maintain near-record occupancy and to compress the year-over-year rate gap to new customers from negative 9% in the third quarter to negative 6% at year-end. While we are still experiencing a headwind from lower new customer rates, we are seeing an improvement on a year-over-year basis, a trend that has continued into the first quarter. The net effect of occupancy growth less the headwind from lower rates resulted in a same-store revenue decrease of 0.4% in the quarter, which was in line with our expectations. Expenses exceeded our expectations driven by higher than estimated property taxes, resulting in same-store NOI of negative 3.5%. Revenues for the LSI same-store pool finished the year slightly above the midpoint of our guidance, and like the Extra Space same-store pool, benefited from strong occupancy growth partially offset by lower rates. As previously announced, we have concluded our dual-brand test and have moved all of our stores to the Extra Space brand. We are starting to see the positive and still developing benefits of this move, including savings in marketing and increased rental activity. We expect the former Life Storage stores to continue to outperform the legacy Extra Space properties in 2025. Turning to external growth, our diverse growth strategies and channels are firing on all cylinders. In 2024, we invested $950 million in various joint venture, structured, and wholly-owned investments at attractive yields, with more than $610 million occurring in the fourth quarter. Nearly all these investments were generated off-market through our existing industry relationships. We also originated $224 million in bridge loans in the fourth quarter, bringing total bridge loan origination to $980 million for the year. Our industry-leading third-party management program grew by 114 net new stores in the fourth quarter, bringing total net new managed stores for the year to 238, our best third-party growth year ever excluding managed store gains from the Life Storage merger. Overall, it was another solid year for Extra Space Storage. And I would summarize our performance in 2024 as follows: We were able to maintain industry-leading occupancy and generate modest same-store revenue growth despite an environment marked by new customer price sensitivity. Outsized non-controllable expenses, particularly real estate taxes, were a headwind leading to modestly negative same-store NOI. Yet we were able to offset this through strong growth in our other storage-focused business lines of tenant insurance, bridge lending, and third-party management, allowing us to generate positive year-over-year FFO growth. This reinforces our strategy of growing diverse ancillary revenue streams, as well as prudent expense control and capital allocation to supplement investors' returns during all cycles in the market. We expect these additional revenue streams to continue to supplement property returns in the future as the market recovers. We are confident that our higher portfolio occupancy positions us well to capitalize on the demand that is in the market, and we are looking forward to improving core business fundamentals as we progress through 2025. We will continue to leverage our scale to find efficiencies in other areas of the business to drive outsized FFO growth relative to our sector. I will now turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe, and hello, everyone. Our fourth quarter results were slightly ahead of our expectations with one uncontrollable exception. We had outsized increases in property taxes in Illinois, Georgia, and Indiana, causing Extra Space same-store expenses to come in at 9.5% for the quarter. These increases were partially offset by lower G&A, higher tenant insurance, and interest income. Turning to the balance sheet, we completed a $300 million reopening of an existing bond in the fourth quarter and another $350 million reopening in the first quarter of 2025. We have used the proceeds from these offerings to repay maturing loans and to fuel recent growth. We also initiated a $1 billion commercial paper program in the fourth quarter, which enables us to borrow at interest rates that are 30 to 50 basis points less than our lines of credit. In last night's earnings release, we provided our 2025 outlook for the Extra Space same-store pool. The pool is now 1,829 properties and includes the Life Storage same-store properties from 2024 plus additional properties that now meet our same-store definition. Our same-store revenue guidance assumes a 50 basis point benefit from the change in pool. Our guidance does not assume a material improvement in the housing market and includes a 20 basis point headwind due to state of emergency restrictions in Los Angeles County. We are encouraged by our strong occupancy levels and the potential benefits of moderating new supply. We are confident that we can hold occupancy, but we believe it would be difficult to drive a meaningful increase until we regain pricing power with new customers. We are seeing some positive signs with new customer rates that indicate we are getting closer, but we still have not seen enough progress to date to feel confident that a forthcoming inflection point will have a significant impact on the 2025 leasing season. Therefore, we have not included a meaningful acceleration in pricing power in our guidance. For the same-store pool, our revenue guidance is negative 0.75% to a positive 1.25%. Our expense growth range is positive 3.75% to 5.25%, driven by expected increases in property taxes and property insurance increases expected in the latter half of the year, resulting in an NOI range of negative 3% to positive 0.25%. Our core FFO range for 2025 is $8.00 to $8.30 per share, which implies a 2% growth rate at the top end and a 0.4% growth at the midpoint. We continue to find ways to expand our other lines of business and grow FFO per share. With our occupancy levels at near-record highs, we are confident that we are very well positioned to push rates quickly when pricing power returns. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. You will hear a prompt that your hand has been raised. And should you wish to cancel the request, please press star followed by the two. If you are using a speakerphone, please lift the handset before pressing any keys. One moment, please, for your first question. Your first question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from Truist. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Good morning. Just going back to your comments around guidance and assuming much pricing power acceleration, maybe you can just flesh that out for us a little bit more. For example, like, what were the rates year-to-date so far? And what are you assuming for the rest of the year? Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Yeah. So maybe just to give you a little more color on that. Our rates in the third quarter of last year were down about 9% average, and we ended the year closer to being down about 6%. And as of today, our rates are essentially flat. We have seen a sequential improvement in terms of assumptions for the remainder of the year. We would assume that rates continue to improve moderately as we move through the year. And we would assume a slight benefit from occupancy through the year, but we, you know, again, we do not assume a big improvement from the housing market or, you know, big recovery there. So kind of just more of the slow growth as we move through the year.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Great. And on the LA wildfire impact on guidance, can you just give some more details around how you got to that 20 basis points headwind?
Scott Stubbs: Sure, Ki Bin. So we have 73 stores in our same-store pool in LA County. It accounts for about 7% of our new pool same-store revenue, so that's less than the old pool. And we believe we are modeling about a 20 basis point decrease in the same-store pool revenue from the state of emergencies, which we are assuming are in place for the entire year.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And is thatI know it's not your job to look at other people's other companies' conference calls, but it's different than your other peer. I'm just curious, like, what the difference is besides just market exposure.
Scott Stubbs: Yeah. It's hard for me to comment on others' calculations. So I'm not sure I can give you an answer for that.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector from Bufao. Please go ahead.
Jeff Spector: Great. Thank you. Joe, I thought it was interesting. I think in your opening remarks, you said you still expect LSI to outperform EXR in 2025. And, again, tell me if I'm wrong. When I think about the LSI portfolio, I think of maybe weaker demographics than the EXR portfolio. And we are starting to see, you know, some continued weakness, let's say, on the, you know, lower demographics. So it's interesting, your comment. What are you seeing? What gives you confidence that the LSI will continue to outperform? Maybe what lessons are you learning there? Thank you.
Joe Margolis: So store in a primary, secondary, tertiary market, weaker, stronger demographics, improvement is relative. Right? So we're not saying that the LSI stores in a $15 market are gonna get to $30. We're just gonna say they are going to improve in the market. So when we look at those markets and look at the performance of the LSI stores and the Extra Space stores in those markets, we still have some gap that we feel we can close.
Jeff Spector: Okay. That's fair. And then, I guess, just to summarize, you know, listening to both you and Scott's comments, it sounds like 2025 right now, the setup into peak leasing is very similar to last year. Is it fair to say laser focus still on housing as a key driver of demand? Anything you would add to that, or is that a raw, you know, incorrect summary? Thank you.
Joe Margolis: So I would say we're laser-focused on a lot of things. Housing is certainly an important component. You know, our customers who tell us they're in the process of moving, which is all moves, not just housing moves, apartment moves, moves back home, is at around 48%. That peaked out at 63% in the third quarter of 2021. So there certainly is some decline in housing demand, but our systems are able to capture more than our share of the demand, as evidenced by our very high occupancy, industry-leading occupancy, at very similar rates to our competitors. We're not capturing that demand by undercutting rates. We're doing it through our customer acquisition and pricing system. So housing is important. Supply is certainly something we're keeping an eye on. We're continuing to see a reduction in new deliveries, not to zero, but continuing year-over-year reduction. And we're also laser-focused on the consumer. And we see that the existing customer remains very strong, increasing lengths of stay, acceptance of rate increases, very low default rates. And we see price sensitivity in the new customer. But as Scott mentioned in our trends of year-over-year rates, that seems to be improving somewhat too. Sorry for the long answer.
Jeff Spector: Oh, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith from UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my question. First question is on the dual-brand to single-brand strategy. Can you talk a little bit about sort of like the uplift that you're seeing from stores that have been converted? Is that tracking in line with your expectations, and is that kind of on track for the expected results as you head into the peak leasing season?
Joe Margolis: Yeah. So the first result we saw was a reduction in paid search spending. We had a reduction of $2 million in the fourth quarter in paid search spending for the LSI stores. That should continue throughout 2025. We're seeing an increase in conversions in those stores, better SEO rankings, somewhat better local rankings, not as good as the SEO, but also improving. And all of that is leading to a 5.5% increase in rentals in the LSI stores that are in the same markets as the Extra Space stores. So we're encouraged by what we've seen. We have not included in our forecast, in our guidance, any additional improvement other than what we've experienced to date. And, hopefully, if these trends can continue, we'll have some upside.
Michael Goldsmith: No. Thanks for that, Joe. And as a follow-up, I'd like to talk about the bridge loan book. It's gotten a little bit larger, and you're guiding for that to continue to increase. So can you just talk a little bit about, you know, how you envision how big he's gonna envision that getting and maybe the interplay between bridge loans and acquisitions and how that can support your earnings growth algorithm this year and in the future? Thanks.
Joe Margolis: Yeah. Thank you for that question and recognizing that the bridge loan program has interplay with both the acquisitions and the management business. Right? We manage all of these stores that we make loans on. So it helps increase that business. We bought almost $600 million worth of deals out of the bridge loans. And, frankly, this is a little softer benefit, but just the relationships, industry relationships we form with these new parties helps us do more business. Right? The more people you've done successful business with, the more future business you get. So that being said, you know, the bridge loan business is a capital allocation play. And in 2024, frankly, up until the fourth quarter, given our cost of capital and what we saw in the market, we thought a good place to put our capital was into the bridge loan program. And we did increase our balances. We've given guidance that we're gonna continue to increase our balance in 2025. But that's somewhat subject to properties being sold. And we may buy them or get a prepayment penalty. It's also subject to, you know, we have the flexibility to sell a note. So we can control the amount of capital we have allocated to this program. And if we have other or better uses of capital, we can certainly shift directions.
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Brendan Lynch from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brendan Lynch: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. It looks like vacates were down about 4.4% year-over-year. Maybe talk a little bit about what you're doing differently to improve that retention?
Joe Margolis: So it's mainly about trying to identify the type of customer, not the individual, who is more likely to be a long-term customer and make efforts to attract those customers and get them in the door. So our pricing and customer acquisition strategies are focused on attracting those customers even if we have to sacrifice a little revenue upfront to do so because over the long term, that will produce higher customer value, higher long-term revenue.
Brendan Lynch: Maybe related to that, we look at the ECRI opportunity for the coming year, perhaps you have some fertile ground just because of the increase in new customers that you've brought in over the past couple of months or a couple of quarters. Can you talk about the opportunity that you see there?
Joe Margolis: I'm notI think the opportunity is the same that we see in prior years where we want to have a fair and sustainable program where we get customers to the market rate, to the street rate, within a reasonable period of time.
Brendan Lynch: Okay. Very good. Thank you for the call.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey. Just two quick ones for me. One, just on the Census, I know you mentioned in the opening comments a surprise, but can you sort of say a little bit more what sort of happened? Clearly, that's not being baked into the guidance for this year. Just a little bit more color there and would love some thoughts on insurance as well for this year?
Scott Stubbs: Yeah. So property taxes in the fourth quarter were higher partly, you know, if we're at a state level, the one state that was consistently across the board was Georgia. We saw more aggressive reassessment there. We also saw individual properties in the states of Illinois, Indiana, New Jersey where you saw very large increases on specific properties that cause a large variance. Our assumption going into 2025 is that some of the property tax increased pressure is still there in 2025. We budgeted between 6% and 8% increase for 2025 per property taxes. We have not budgeted a lot of successful appeals, but that's to be seen. You know, we're gonna appeal many of these, and hopefully, we win. And hopefully, we're able to keep that lower than that. But I think based on the current environment, we think that it's the proper thing to do to budget at 6% to 8%. In terms of property and casualty insurance, you've seen a pretty heavy year in terms of natural disasters this past year. You saw the hurricanes in Florida, you saw the wildfires in California. And I think it's really a to-be-determined type item here. And so we felt like it was prudent to budget a higher number there. We budgeted close to 20% increase in our when we re-up our insurance in June.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. That's helpful. Then my second one, obviously, it's early to talk about AI, but you guys have always been sort of front-footed on the technology front. Just curious if there's any sort of low-hanging fruit opportunities, whether it's lease signing, whatever, that you guys are attacking or see as an opportunity in your term. Thanks.
Joe Margolis: So we want to be cautious with AI applications and, you know, not necessarily be a pioneer. There's certainly some applications around the office and with data analytics that are pretty straightforward and easy. With respect to customer-facing applications, you know, we are testing and walking into those to make sure that they are, you know, in fact, beneficial and do not hurt our overall operations.
Ronald Kamdem: That's it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Todd Thomas: Hi. Thanks. First, I just wanted to go back to the topic of property tax increases you cited in Georgia, Illinois, Indiana. Sounds like that's recurring at least for the first three quarters. Is this a trend that you see becoming more widespread in other markets? And is there anything else in that 6% to 8% property tax budget outside of what you've mentioned and already experienced?
Scott Stubbs: So we've seen states be aggressive over the past several years. You know, you've seen Florida, Texas, reassess. When we go back and compare revenue growth over the last five years to property tax growth, you know, the values of the properties have gone up. So states typically lag in terms of how they reassess, and so we're hoping this is the back half of that. But it's still somewhat what we're seeing as a result of the property revenue growth that we saw in these states and across the board for the last five years.
Todd Thomas: Okay. But it sounded like you commented that it was specific to individual properties. So it wasn't necessarily specific to certain counties or municipalities. It was on an individual property basis. Is that right?
Scott Stubbs: It is. And then it also has to do with some of the LSI property reassessment. So if you look at growth in the two pools, which we're no longer gonna talk about in the upcoming year, we won't break them out separately. We have seen larger property tax increases in the pool as some of those stores were reassessed.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then, Scott, you mentioned that you expect a slight contribution to revenue growth from occupancy throughout the year. The EXR portfolio ended the year about 120 basis points higher year-over-year. The LSI segment was a little over 200 basis points higher year-over-year. Can you just flesh that comment out a bit in terms of what the revenue growth forecast is including, you know, maybe at the high and low end of the range in terms of occupancy gains during the year and how we should think about the occupancy build during the height of the rental season, you know, whether you expect it to be similar to 2024, or do you expect a little bit more seasonality, you know, similar to, you know, longer sort of historical averages?
Scott Stubbs: Yeah. Let me talk maybe a little bit on how we model and then come back a little bit to occupancy. You know, maybe we're a little different in that we're not giving assumptions on rates and exact assumptions on occupancy partly because those variables, you know, you push one and the other one moves. And so I think it's difficult to do. So we typically model an increase on a month-over-month basis based on the current economic conditions and what we're seeing at the property. Now that being said, we do recognize that the front half of this year is going to have an occupancy delta. So you're starting the year 120 basis points ahead. We are 120 basis points ahead on the new same-store pool as of the end of February. So we would expect that occupancy delta to burn off somewhat as you move throughout the year and become less important in the back half of the year.
Todd Thomas: Okay. Alright. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria from BMO Capital. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Good morning. Just hoping you could talk a little bit about pricing dynamics. You noted some early signs of an uptick, but nothing sustained quite as of yet. But at the same time, if I look at the move-in versus move-out spread, that hasn't necessarily compressed. So hoping you could flesh out why you think that's the case, that although the year-over-year move-in rates, that year-over-year decline is compressed, that move-in versus move-out hasn't necessarily moved. If anything, it's gotten slightly the other way.
Scott Stubbs: Yeah. Some of that's the seasonality in the business one. So third quarter to fourth quarter, you're typically worse in the fourth quarter than you are in the third quarter. I think you've seen that with some of our peers, so that's not unexpected. You know, we would expect that roll down to be less in the summer months than it is right now. We would expect over time that should tighten up some as rates get better.
Juan Sanabria: And then the incremental tidbits on theyou said earlier signs of improving pricing power, like, just hoping you could flesh that out a little bit.
Scott Stubbs: That is based on our comment from, you know, you went from negative 9% in the third quarter to negative 6% at the end of the year to now being flat year-over-year. You know, you're seeing those as incremental increases, you know, just month over month it is getting better. And, you know, we would expect to see that as, you know, this is the time of year when rates start ramping up as you move into your leasing season. You know, when you go from January to July, you always see rate increases during that time period, and we would expect to, based on our occupancy and where it is today, to be in a position to move rates up again.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. And then just as my second question, you noted a 50 basis point benefit in the same-store assumptions this year from the inclusion of a life portfolio. I'm just curious if you can give some context around that versus comments you've made historically that in a normal year, you get 100 to 120, and it's not too dissimilar of a benefit. Is it just a product of kind of a flattish at best market that's causing that benefit from the life inclusion to the pool? Or any more details would be appreciated.
Scott Stubbs: So historically, we have seen improvement as we've changed the same-store pool, you know, typically, it's not all the way up to 50 basis points. This year, if you look at the performance in the fourth quarter of the Life Storage stores compared to the Extra Space stores, they're not that dissimilar in terms of performance at that point. However, as Joe mentioned, we do expect some upside there. We just haven't necessarily modeled really, really strong rate growth. And then also the fact that you're moving a large portion of properties in, we do see incremental increase, but it is weighted a bit to that group in terms of the increase.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Juan.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Eric Wolfe from Citi. Please go ahead.
Eric Wolfe: Hey. Thanks. For the LA rent cap of 10%, I guess, what does that cap pertain to? Like, what's the initial rate from which you can only grow at 10%? Is that the existing rate that your customers are already paying? Is that the discounted rate that you offer on a move-in? Just trying to understand, you know, what that sort of rate is within a dynamic pricing model and how you determine that.
Joe Margolis: Yeah. It's an excellent question, and it is notI'm not sure it's 100% clear in the state of emergency, but we are not increasing rates over existing rates. They're paid by the customers. So whether that's street rate, web rate, or whatever, those are the base rates we're using.
Eric Wolfe: Okay. I thinkso it's notI can't just look at what's in the stuff and say, okay, this is what the average customer is paying right now, and it'll be 10% above that. It's a different process of looking at, you know, what the street rate, the web rate is, and some other things, and it's a bit more dynamic than just taking, you know, that average of what your customers are paying right now.
Joe Margolis: I think that's true, but I also think that will get you pretty close.
Eric Wolfe: Got it. Okay. And then second question, you said thatI appreciate that you don't guide the rate and the occupancy and the dynamic. You know, one goes up, universally correlated, the other goes down. But I thought I heard you say that move-in rent growth was sort of, you know, flattish year-over-year. It's expected to turn positive, you know, get a little bit better as the year goes on. And then occupancy, to your point, is over year and probably should be a positive contributor. I was just curious how you're getting the kind of flattish revenue growth within that? Is there, like, an offset that I'm missing, whether it's higher churn, lower ECRIs? Like, whatI guess why wouldn't it be more positive if you're already flat on move-in rents and it's gonna get better, then your occupancy is a positive contributor.
Scott Stubbs: So, obviously, it depends on where you are in the range. So you're making those assumptions on the midpoint there. As you move through the year, you get more benefit in the back half of the year than the front half. So, you know, we ended theyou know, in the fourth quarter, you were down 4%, but Life Storage stores were also down. So moving forward, you're starting on a lower number, and then it obviously gets better as you move through the year. So a lot of your assumptions are somewhat based on where you are in that range.
Eric Wolfe: Got it. Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Keegan Carl from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Keegan Carl: Yeah. Thanks for the time, guys. I guess before I get into my questions, just a clarification, when you say street rate delta year-over-year, that commentary for both the Extra Space and LSI pools together, or would that hold true for both individual pools?
Scott Stubbs: So I'm not sure I'm following where you're saying street rate delta. When we're giving rates here, giving assumptions, it's the average rate to our new customer. So it's the move-in rate.
Keegan Carl: Yeah. But you're saying, like, it was flat year-over-year. Right? Like, does that hold true for the combined same-store pool? Was that only for the Extra Space pool? Was that onlike, I guess I'm just trying to figure out how the Extra Space and Life Storage pools fit in that.
Scott Stubbs: That is the new same-store pool.
Keegan Carl: Okay. No. It's super helpful. So I guess getting to the questions. First, just how should we think about, like, the curve of move-in rates versus typical seasonality? Like, are you expecting anything different in 2025 relative to what you normally would expect or what you experienced last year?
Scott Stubbs: I think that's to be determined, kind of with the strength of what demand looks like as you move through the season here. You know, you would expect it to move up. It always does during the summer months. Those are our kind of that June time frame is really our peak rate time frame, and then you start moving them back down as rentals start slowing as you move through the summer. So we would expect that again this summer, and then the degree of those increases is gonna be depends on how rentals, vacates, turn out, and how your occupancy stands.
Keegan Carl: Got it. And then maybe one for Joe. Just how should we think about capital recycling this year just given your LSI portfolio becomes 1031 eligible?
Joe Margolis: So, you know, we sold a handful of properties last year. The majority of them were LSI properties. We have a modest list of properties that we're looking to bring to the market, which would be 1031 eligible. Some, we may offer to joint venture partners, but we, you know, constantly want to improve the overall quality and market exposure, market diversification of the portfolio through dispositions, and this year will be no different.
Keegan Carl: Great. Thanks for the time, guys.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Nicholas Yulico from Scotiabank.
Nicholas Yulico: Thanks. First question, I guess, for Scott. Can you just talk about why the G&A and guidance is up about 10% this year?
Scott Stubbs: Yeah. So we've experienced a lot of growth over the past couple of years. You know, we had a very strong fourth quarter as we added properties. We're forecasting growth this year in terms of acquisitions as well as the third-party management. So our biggest increase really comes from the headcount that's required to manage those properties, both in the field as well as back office. If you think about the properties, they're managed by regional managers. It's not completely linear. This is one of those years when we have to take one of those stair steps up as we add additional support level that's supporting the regional managers. So that's the largest one. And then to a lesser degree, we've also gone back. We've increased our technology spend as we have focused the last couple of years on integrating the LSI properties and put a few things on hold. So we've really tried to move those items back up. So it's really to support the properties and support the technology spend.
Nicholas Yulico: Okay. Thanks. And then second question is just, you know, you think about the pricing strategy, which has been in place for, you know, a while now of, you know, some discounting on the front end and then, you know, getting ECRI benefit, you know, for the customer to get up to a street rate. You know, can you talk a little bit about whether you're seeing, you know, any differences in regions or maybe in testing on pricing strategies about, you know, where you feel you have ability to kind of get remove some of that discounting on the front end? And I guess, you know, the second question on that is, you know, at what point does, you know, is there maybe a risk here that, you know, the entire industry is moving to this, you know, heavily discounted front-end pricing, and it becomes hard to get the consumer, you know, to be untrained from that type of pricing.
Joe Margolis: Yeah. Good question. So to answer the first one, we really don't look at it by region or market. Our algorithms, our systems will reprice every unit type in every store every night. And to the extent that conditions in the market, rentals, vacates, whatever, dictate a change one way or another, that will automatically happen on a very, very granular basis. So different behavior in different buildings, not necessarily markets or regions or demographics. Different behavior in different buildings is addressed on a nightly basis. So I'm not overly concerned about what others do in the market for a couple of reasons. One is, you know, customers shop very, very few alternatives when they're looking for storage. It's not that important of a purchase. They're not buying a house or a car. So almost 85% of our customers shop two, one, or zero alternatives before they rent with us. What's most important is to be visible to that customer when they look. Most of them look online. To be in one of those top positions on the search page on the first page of the search page. So what others are doing who are not that visible to customers is not that much of a threat to us. But, again, we're gonna try to lead the industry in our pricing and customer acquisition strategies, and to the extent we need to change and adapt and innovate, we will.
Nicholas Yulico: Okay. Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Mueller: Yeah. Hi. I guess, first, can you talk a little bit about acquisition price, you know, a lot more on balance sheet activity compared to JP activity?
Joe Margolis: Sure. So we try to be very faithful to our cost of capital analysis. And given where interest rates are, in our stock price, we have, you know, what we see as a cost of capital that is not too different than what things are trading for in the market, and therefore, on-market opportunities are few and far between to put on balance sheet. The heavy transaction load that we did in the fourth quarter was no structured off-market opportunities. We took advantage of a $74 million embedded promote in one deal that made it accretive. So I think until the market changes, you'll see us lean heavily into the joint venture structure where we can put in a minority of the capital in a very accretive fashion because of the benefit of the structure and the management fees and the tenant insurance. And not do a lot of on-balance sheet acquisitions.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. And then, a second question. Going back to the comment about seeing a pickup in rental activity in the LSI portfolio, post moving back to one brand. What do you think is driving that? I mean, what was the drag from operating under the LSI banner, or are you doing something different on the rate side again? I mean, what's driving that pickup?
Joe Margolis: Sure. Good question. So the theory of having two brands was that we could get, you know, hopefully double the digital real estate. We could get two entries in the paid search section, two entries in the local or map section, and two entries in the organic or SEO section. And when we went to two brands, it was easy to get two entries in the paid section because we bought it. We were spending on an annual run rate $10 million more in paid search to have those two entries. And we had some improvement in the maps, but not as much as we anticipated. And we had significant improvement in the SEO where we went from LSI maybe had an average spot of seven or eight. We moved them up to closer to four or five. But 70% of the clicks are in the first three entries. You know, you gotta be on the first page of the organic section. So although theoretically, we were right, we were improving our position, we weren't improving it enough to pay for the cost of the second brand and move the needle. So now everything is branded Extra Space digitally, at least, and we are seeing the customers come to the Extra Space brand, and Extra Space almost always ranks in the top spots in all of those three categories. So we're seeing getting more clicks, more views, higher conversion rate, leading to more rentals. We're saving money because we don't have that extra.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. That's super helpful. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Sal Mita from Green Street. Please go ahead.
Sal Mita: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question, and congratulations on the quarter. Got a quick one here kind of on the ECRI front, but can you guys provide some color on, you know, how ECRI has trended and, you know, where do you guys see them going into the future? You know, as move-in rates, as you said, look to improve in 2025, you know, could we expect to see maybe slightly less aggressive rent increases than what we saw in 2024? You know, has there been any increased sensitivity as well that you've seen as of the fourth quarter?
Joe Margolis: So I'll take those in reversed order. We haven't seen any change in customer behavior. Our NPS scores for departing customers are extraordinarily high. We do have some customers that will call the store manager or the call center and complain about a rent increase or want more information. And we give those teammates the authority within a range to address that customer concern. Don't want to lose that customer. We think it's good customer experience to have those concerns addressed right away. The number of customers who are getting that relief has not changed at all. A very small number. And it hasn't increased at all. The number of customers who are vacating stores based on getting an ECRI notice, you know, we keep a control group of folks who don't get an ECRI notice who are supposed to and compare their move-out rates to those who did get an ECRI notice. It's very steady. That hasn't increased at all. So we monitor this very closely, and there's nothing in what we see that would suggest a need for a change in the program.
Sal Mita: Thank you. And can you just touch on, you know, if you see rents improve in 2025, you know, if you guys look to be pretty aggressive in 2024, you know, do we expect to see maybe slightly less aggressive ECRIs because of that?
Joe Margolis: I'm not sure I know what the word aggressive means, what an aggressive ECRI is. You know, the ECRI amount is going to be driven by what the market rate of the unit is and what the rate of that customer is and whether it's because they came in at a discount or whatever. And if street rates spike, that will give us the opportunity to send out, you know, incrementally larger ECRIs or if our strategy is to offer even greater discounts on introductory rates, the same thing, but it's, you know, the aggression, as you put it, is just to get the customer to what the current market rate is.
Sal Mita: Alright. Thanks for that. That's all for me.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Kiel: Hi. This is Jeremy Kiel on for Caitlin. You guys touched on it briefly earlier in the call, but for incoming supply reduction, can that really help dramatically improve move-in rates while housing turnover remains low? I guess, can less competition be a catalyst to pricing while demand remains low? Is kind of what I'm getting at.
Joe Margolis: So it's a factor. I don't think it's the sole factor, but it's certainly a positive factor that helps. And I also would maybe disagree a little bit that demand is low. Right? Everything that we're seeing in terms of top-of-funnel activity indicates that maybe demand is low compared to COVID, but compared to historical periods, demand is healthy. Demand is steady. And if you look at our occupancy, we ended the year at Extra Space pool at 93.7%. You know, we're keeping our stores very full. There is price sensitivity in the customers that is leading that demand not to price at levels we want, but there's enough customers out there to keep the stores full.
Jeremy Kiel: Got it. Thanks for the clarification. That's all for me.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Omotayo Okusanya from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Omotayo Okusanya: Yes. Good morning, all. Quick question on interest expense. Again, understand you have the new CP line. You did some debt relief financing. But just your 2025 guidance relative to our expectations seems a little bit high. So curious if there's anything going on in regards to, like, swap maturities or any other kind of, you know, less capitalized interest. So how do we or anything else that might be in that interest expense line that maybe we're not fully accounting for.
Scott Stubbs: Not in terms of swaps. We do have some loans coming due. And so some of theand so I guess it is indirectly related to swaps where some of those loans are swapped. For instance, we had a $245 million loan come due in January that was swapped, and now you're refinancing it at market rates today. Those rates should be reflected in our swaps. In the debt detail, you should be able to see those. But, otherwise, what we've done to model interest is we follow model the forward curve and then we also have increased our debt to account for any investment activity, including the bridge loans.
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay. That's helpful. And then in regards to the insurance program, just kind of given a lot of what we're seeing, whether it's again, hurricanes in Florida, you know, the unfortunate wildfires in LA. Just kind of curious, one, how you're underwriting that program, two, whether it changes your appetite to take some of that property risk on through your insurance program.
Scott Stubbs: Yeah. So we continue to shop it as much as possible. So spent time in London, you know, in the exchanges there in Bermuda. Tried to make sure we have a lot of competition with the addition of the LSI stores. We actually added some additional vendors there. So we'll continue to do that. We will potentially take some risk. It's possible the vendors require you to take some of that risk. So I think that's to be seen. But we always have them price it multiple ways to see the price of that incremental risk that we're taking. And so it is something we're open to.
Omotayo Okusanya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of John Peterson from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
John Peterson: Okay. Thank you. So on the year-over-year change in move-in rates, two questions on that. One, are you able to give us what that is on the LSI portfolio isolated out? I'm just curious about the cadence of that change because you said it was down 6% at the end of the year and we're flat today. Has closing that gap been something that's happened in the last, like, two or three weeks or something that's gradually happened given that we're already two-thirds of the way through the quarter?
Scott Stubbs: Yeah. So, you know, we've combined the pool. We'll continue to report on the one pool. I can tell you they're not that different. In terms of cadence, it actually took place in January, and part of that is just the comparable for last year. The rates did go down last January. So it was an easier comp compared to December.
John Peterson: Okay. Alright. That's helpful. And then maybe shifting gears, another question. So there's obviously been some job losses in the DC market. Just curious if you guys are seeing anything in that portfolio. And then maybe bigger picture because it's, you know, it's been more than a decade since we've had a quote-unquote normal recession, I guess. Putting COVID aside. Maybe talk about what a job loss-driven recession might look like for the storage business. We haven't seen that in a while.
Joe Margolis: So way too soon to see anything in DC. We haven't seen any, you know, increase in vacates or move-outs, anything significant there. DC is one of those markets historically that's been incredibly steady. Doesn't have the ups and doesn't have the downs in other markets. But maybe we're in a new world. I don't know. A job loss-driven recession is a scary thing. Right? The number one kind of correlate factor for storage success is job growth, not housing market. And, you know, we would have to manage through that. That being said, storage is an asset class that has demand generators through all economic cycles. Not only good economic cycles, people need to move home, people need to move across the country. You know, people need to get roommates. People need to run their businesses out of a storage facility, not out of a flex space. So we do better than other property types during downturns, but we're certainly not immune.
John Peterson: Got it. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I will now hand the call back to Mr. Joe Margolis for any closing remarks.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, everyone, for your interest in Extra Space. We, the team, look forward to continuing our conversations in the near future, and the team is also very excited to take advantage of improving market and some of the tailwinds that we anticipate in 2025. Thank you very much. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's call. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Third Quarter 2024 Extra Space Storage Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would like now to turn the conference over to Jared Conley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Jared Conley: Thank you, Michelle. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's Q3 2024 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, October 30, 2024. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Jared, and thank you everyone for joining today's call. To begin the call today, I would first like to address the impact of Hurricane Milton on our people. I am happy to report that all our teammates are safe, although a small number of individuals and their families were displaced and we have provided shelter assistance for them. Scott will address the financial impacts of the hurricane in his comments. Before we address the myriad of data points and moving pieces from the quarter, I want to make some overall big picture comments on our performance. We had a good quarter, optimizing performance in the current market environment and our efforts allow us to increase the midpoint of our full year FFO guidance. Let me start with the biggest contributor to FFO growth, which is store performance. The Extra Space same-store pool performed consistently with our expectations with quarter ending and October occupancy of 94.3%. This solid performance allows us to increase the bottom end of 2024 same-store guidance. Revenue for the Life Storage same-store pool came in slightly below our expectations, but this was generally offset by meaningful outperformance with respect to expenses. Having completed the move to a single brand in the latter part of the quarter, we are just starting to see the benefits of a single brand. We fully expect this group of stores to follow the same pattern of improvement into and during 2025 as the 143 Life Storage stores that we converted to the Extra Space brand at closing in 2023. Our non same-store properties are also outperforming our expectations and contributed to our FFO B. Outside of store performance, our external growth initiatives are exceeding projections. In the third quarter, we added 63 third-party managed stores gross, netting 38 stores. Year-to-date, we've added 124 net stores to the platform, and we anticipate adding approximately 100 additional properties by year-end. This would make 2024 our best year for net additions to our management program outside of the Life Storage merger. Our bridge loan program expanded with $158 million in new loans originated in this quarter, and we have increased our expected average hold of such loans to $925 million for the year. On the acquisition front, we have deployed $334 million in wholly-owned and joint venture acquisitions year-to-date and are seeing an encouraging increase in accretive opportunities. Lastly, we continue to find efficiencies in the business and have again lowered our G&A guidance for the year. Overall, I am very pleased with our performance and trajectory this year. We continue to leverage our scale to find efficiencies in all areas of the business, optimize store performance, and grow our ancillary businesses to drive FFO growth. Our higher portfolio occupancy positions us well to capitalize on an improving new customer rate environment when fundamentals recover. I will now turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe, and hello, everyone. As Joe mentioned, we had a good quarter, driven by occupancy gains, G&A savings, and external growth. October to date same-store occupancy is 94.3%, an 80 basis point improvement over last year. In the third quarter, the average new customer move-in rate was negative 9% year-over-year. Due to strong occupancy and performance to date, we are raising the bottom end of the Extra Space same-store revenue guidance by 75 basis points, bringing the midpoint to a positive 0.125%. Despite meaningful savings in controllable expense categories, increases in property taxes have made it necessary for us to raise our expense guidance by 25 basis points. We have also raised the bottom end of our NOI guidance by 75 basis points, bringing the midpoint to negative 1.375%. The Life Storage same-store revenue improved by 0.4% year-over-year, and we saw seasonal declines in occupancy for the Life Storage same-store pool, finishing the quarter at 92.9%. This represents an increase of 200 basis points year-over-year. October occupancy has increased to 93.2%, 210 basis points over last year. For the Life Storage same-store pool, the sequential change in average move in rate from the second quarter to the third quarter was negative 1%, much better than normal seasonal declines. Lower than expected pricing power to new customers in the Life Storage same-store pool has led to the reduction in our revenue expectations for the year. We have reduced our annual same-store revenue guidance by 50 basis points at the midpoint. This is partially offset by lower controllable expenses for these properties. As a result, we are revising our expense guidance downward by 100 basis points at the midpoint, and consequently, we have adjusted Life Storage same-store NOI guidance to a range of negative 1.5% to positive 0.5% for the year. Given the steady volume of bridge loans, we have raised the 2024 average outstanding loan guidance and increased our expected interest income. We have also lowered our estimates for G&A and increased our tenant reinsurance guidance. Interest expense has been updated to account for higher bridge loan volume and an increase in our acquisition guidance. As a result of these revisions, we've raised the lower end of our FFO guidance by $0.05 per share from $7.95 per share to $8 per share, a modest increase at the midpoint. Our revisions to guidance exclude the impact of Hurricane Milton as we are still assessing the full extent of property damage and tenant insurance claims. We've sustained damage at several REIT and managed properties, and 3 REIT stores remain closed. As of today, we are currently estimating total property damage and tenant insurance claims to be $10 million or more. Major hurricane costs have historically been added back to our core FFO. Therefore, these amounts have not been contemplated in our guidance. We've also seen an increase in rental activity and have paused existing customer rate increases in certain markets. We will report full details related to Hurricane Milton with our fourth quarter earnings. And with that, Michelle, let's open things up for questions.
Operator: And our first question will come from Michael Goldsmith with UBS.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my question. I think in the opening remarks, you said that you're just starting to see the evidence of the benefit of being of a single brand. Can you provide a little bit more detail in terms of what you're seeing what have you accomplished so far? What you're seeing and what gives you confidence that you'll be able to continue to drive the benefit from this brand consolidation?
Joe Margolis: Sure. Happy to, Michael. Thank you for the question. So just to be clear, we're in very early stages here, right. We did change to the Extra Space brand late in third quarter. So we're several weeks then. But that being said, we see slightly better SEO performance from what was once the life storage stores, some improvement in the local or map section, but lesser than the SEO. The former LSI store conversion rate is better on the Extra Space website than it was on the LSI website. And we're starting to see some modest savings in paid marketing spend. Now what gives us confidence is when we close the merger in 2023 and decided to test two brands, we took a pool of 143 Life stores and converted them to Extra Space, and we watched the pattern of improvement of those stores over time. And we know that it doesn't happen immediately, but over a period of a number of months, up to 6 months, we will see those converted stores perform as well as stores that have always been branded Extra Space. So we see no reason why the stores we just converted won't act just like those stores and follow the same pattern of improvement and we're encouraged that we're starting to see the green shoots.
Michael Goldsmith: Thanks for that. And my follow-up question is, there's still a pretty wide range for the core FFO guidance and what's implied for the fourth quarter. But can -- what is implied at the midpoint does suggest a material deceleration from the third to the fourth quarter. Now some of that, I assume, is related to seasonality, but is there any other factors or dynamics at play, which would weigh on the results in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter?
Scott Stubbs: No, Michael. The biggest difference is just property performance in the fourth quarter and then it will obviously depend on where you are in that range.
Operator: And our next question will come from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Todd Thomas: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon. I just wanted to stick with that line of questioning a little bit, but move to the same-store pool. Just curious there, the guidance implies continued deceleration in the fourth quarter for both the EXR and LSI portfolios. Can you just talk a little bit about whether you have line of sight toward stabilization just given the ability to drive customer traffic to the portfolio and the higher occupancy rates that you've been able to maintain across both portfolios?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Todd, it's Scott. So it depends a bit on where you are in that range of guidance. I'll start with the Extra Space pool. It does imply that it is slightly negative at the midpoint. If you're at the high end, it's obviously slightly positive. At the low-end, it's slightly negative. But there is some stabilization in there. It's fairly flat in the fourth quarter. The Life Storage pool, again, depending on where you are in the range, at the midpoint, slightly negative to slightly positive at the high-end and more negative at the low-end. But it does not show significant deceleration either. It's not dropping way down. It's also not an IT solution on its way up. Some of the life storage has a little noise in it month-by-month because it's a difficult comp with October being our strongest month as that's when many of the ECRI's hit last year.
Todd Thomas: Okay. That's helpful. And then I just wanted to ask about the hurricanes, just given the comments that you made. I realize it's early and you're still sort of sorting through what's happened and sort of the aftermath a little bit. Can you just talk about the uptick in rental activity that you mentioned that you're seeing in some of the impacted areas and sort of how that plays out with the pause in ECRIs in some of these markets or states given the state of emergencies? And perhaps you can share some occupancy statistics to help provide some color around some of the changes in rental activity that you're seeing in some of those impacted MSAs?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So we have seen an uptick in rentals, particularly in the life storage pool. The occupancies, for instance, have jumped from 92%, 93% to 96% at some of those stores. It's store by store. It's obviously going to be better on the West Coast. You see more of a benefit there than in Miami. A typical hurricane customer is going to stay on average, I think, about 10 months. So, we would expect to benefit from that. State of emergencies, obviously, we're following them. We are implementing those on a store by store level, so it's not on a market level. So, we would expect to see some benefit from hurricane occupancy, but that typically offsets the damage or partially offsets what we spend in hurricane damage.
Operator: And our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, everyone. Maybe on the acquisition side, it sounds like you're active and expecting to stay active. I was wondering if you could give some more color on kind of who's selling. And I know in the past, a hurdle had been on the pricing expectations. So just kind of the volume that you're seeing and to the extent that the pricing is now being better agreed upon on the buyer and seller side?
Joe Margolis: Sure. It's a good question, but I'm not sure I have a market wide answer, right. We see a lot more activity, but until transactions get actually closed and reported, it's hard to tell what's true and what's actually activity. I know from Extra Space side, we have a number of discussions underway, some-on market, some-off market that we're very confident will end up as accretive transactions.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. And then maybe as we think about move in rents, we know about the headwinds that the sector has been facing. But I guess if you consider properties where the move in rate trends have been relatively stronger, is there anything that you could point out that's different there? Is it less supply, easier comps? I know we've talked about that in the past, like an urban versus not urban, some indication of like housing impacts or regional, but anything else you can mention on the stronger move in properties versus not as strong?
Joe Margolis: I think the two factors you mentioned are the most important factors. One is new supply in markets where there's been heavy supply deliveries, it's just harder. And then secondly is the comps. If a market like Atlanta or Phoenix has had several years of very, very strong revenue growth, it's hard to have additional years of very strong revenue growth. And particularly the markets that have both of those factors are probably the toughest markets. But it's cyclical, right? Real estate cyclical, markets are cyclical and that's why we believe in a highly diversified portfolio. So we have exposure to some markets that are on different ends of the cycle.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America Securities. Can you please pick up your handset on your phone? Okay. Our next question comes from Spenser Allaway with Green Street.
Spenser Allaway: Thank you. Maybe just piggybacking off Caitlin's question. Did you guys happen to provide the cap rates on the transactions you guys closed in the quarter and sorry if you did.
Joe Margolis: I don't think we did provide cap rates on the transactions we closed. I can tell you for all of the deals that we've approved this year, up we've had 10 wholly-owned operating deals with first year yield in the low 5s, about 13 months to stabilization and a 6.5 average stabilized yield. Same thing with remote stores, we've done 9 wholly-owned remote stores, very similar returns. And then our JV deals, we had 8 JV deals, 5 operating stores, first year yields at 10, stabilized yields at 12 and that's because of the economic benefit of the joint venture. And then we approved 3 developments in an 8.6 development yield.
Spenser Allaway: Great. Thanks and then as it relates to the rebranding of the legacy LSI assets, can you just remind us what the cost has been to date for that endeavor.
Joe Margolis: Gosh, I don't have cost to date numbers. It's probably pretty modest because what we've done to date is put banners up at the stores and then the rest has been digital. We expect total cost of about $117 million but that includes $20 million of non-branding capital costs that were delayed pending the test and the decision which store to go. So the store needed to be repainted and we decided not to repaint it until we knew which color to repaint it.
Spenser Allaway: Okay.
Scott Stubbs: Our underwriting for the deal, we assumed $75,000 of property or $90 million. So it was obviously in our returns when we announced the deal.
Operator: And our next question will come from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Good morning. Just a quick one to start. I know you gave the October occupancies, but can you give us a sense of where the new customers came in the door at relative to last year?
Scott Stubbs: So our average rate to new customers for the quarter was negative 9% year-over-year, and our average new customer rate in October was negative 8%. So I think some people have wondered, are rates getting stronger, they significantly better. We would tell you that October feels a lot like September and August, and any kind of difference on a month by month basis is caused more by a comp than seeing significant changes so far and that's on the EXR pool.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. And then just on the guidance for LSI, I was a little bit confused about the commentary in the prepared remarks. You said that seasonality, correct me if I'm wrong. I thought it was better than expected, but yet guidance was cut with lower pricing power. So just hoping you could help square those two kind of different comments that you made previously.
Joe Margolis: Yes. So LSI, I mean, has not performed as expected this year, right? We've cut revenue guidance now twice for those stores. And really 3 things have contributed to that. One is that the markets in 2024 is weaker than we projected in the beginning of the year that just is. And then secondly, the markets that LSI has disproportionate concentration have performed disproportionately weaker. So think of Florida, where LSI has a larger concentration than extra space proportionally. And then the third thing is we didn't get the benefit of the dual brand that we expected. And that's why we made the decision this summer to move to the single brand and get the hope to get the expected benefit from that. So to me those are the 3 largest factors that led to us having to reduce revenue guidance for LSI.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. So it sounds like maybe some of the overweight, i.e. Florida markets deteriorated a bit more than you expected in the back half of the summer or early fall. Would that be fair to say?
Joe Margolis: That's very fair to say, yes.
Scott Stubbs: Michelle, do we have additional questions? Michelle?
Joe Margolis: So we're not sure if anyone can hear us. We're having some technical difficulties. Please be patient. We're going to get to the host and see what we can do. So again, I apologize to everyone. We are still trying to reconnect with the operator and we will try to resume this call as soon as possible. Please be patient. We'll be right back with you as quickly as we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank.
Nick Yulico:
A - Joe Margolis: Sorry? Who is this?
Nick Yulico: This is Nick Yulico, Scotiabank.
Joe Margolis: So, Nick, we had technical difficulties and we couldn't hear anything. So but we're back now and if you wouldn't mind repeating the question, we can jump right back into it. Sorry about that.
Nick Yulico: Yes, sure. Thanks. So just the question is going back to the fourth quarter and what's assumed in guidance. Can you give us a feel for how occupancy is expected to trend?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, Nick. So, it's Scott. We typically don't model occupancy rate, it's more modeling revenue. And so we would tell you that there's not extreme revenue drop off and not extreme revenue growth is all that we can really say there.
Joe Margolis: I would expect we're going to continue to operate at higher than historical occupancy levels.
Nick Yulico: Okay. All right. Thanks. And then the other question is just going back to LSI and the synergies. I know you've changed the revenue outlook. But I guess going back to those the June nonrevenue pieces on the synergies. Can you just give us a feel for latest thoughts on how you're trending versus those expectations?
Joe Margolis: Sure. Happy to. So we were targeting $100 million in synergies in 3 categories, G&A, tenant insurance, and properties. And we're doing very well in the ones that we control. So, G&A, we're now looking at about $53 million worth of synergies well in excess of our initial estimate. Tenant insurance, we're looking at about $27 million of synergies. And then from the properties, it depends on where you are in the range of guidance anywhere from 0 to 10. So overall about $80 million to $90 million of the $100 million and we believe we originally targeted $65 million in the property synergies. We do believe we can eventually get there. We just need some market improvement, move to the single brand and some time and we'll get there. And of course, these $100 million of synergies doesn't include all the other benefits of the merger. The increase in our management business, in our bridge loan business, the many procurement and IT contracts we've renegotiated due to our new scale and got savings there, value add projects that we've identified and started to execute at the life storage properties. So the $100 million relates to just those three categories, not the total benefit of the merger.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Eric Wolfe with Citi.
Eric Wolfe: Hey, thanks. Maybe just to follow-up LSI. I think last quarter you mentioned that you expected your life storage portfolio to outperform your legacy EXR portfolio in 2025. I was just curious if that's still the case or some of the recent weakness in Sunbelt markets has changed that view?
Joe Margolis: No. Life storage portfolio is outperforming the Extra Storage portfolio this year and I would expect it to do the same next year.
Eric Wolfe: And that's not just across the same markets, right, that's across that's comparing one directly versus the other, meaning LSI like the same-store pool versus the other same-store pool. Am I right about that?
Joe Margolis: Correct. Yes, correct.
Eric Wolfe: And then you mentioned in your release just a moment ago about occupancy being stronger than it normally is through the rest of the year. So I guess what are you looking forward to try to dial up move in rates? Like what would it take over the next, say 3 to 6 months, you have strong occupancy. So like what else are you looking forward to try to get more aggressive on move in rates?
Joe Margolis: So and I'm sorry if I'm going to state the obvious. We talk about aggregate data here, but every night the algorithms look at every unit type in every building and adjust rates. So as we speak today, there are rates in certain unit sizes, in certain buildings, in certain markets that are moving up. And the algorithm looks at many, many variables, historical data, number of move in, number of vacates and a bunch of projected performance to make those decisions. And the aggregate of all of those decisions is what we report. But it's not like any group of us sit here in Salt Lake City and look for a few macro things and decide we're going to increase rates 5% or decrease rates 2%.
Eric Wolfe: Right. Yes, I completely understand that. I guess from our perspective, you're just looking at occupancy and see that it's relatively full and better than it normally is. And so I don't know if there's some kind of demand. I'm just trying to understand the algorithm like what demand indicators. I don't know if you can list a couple that are maybe lower than normal or otherwise suggesting that you need to be cautious on moving rates. And I get that there's many factors you're looking at in your projections in the future. I'm just trying to understand generally what the main ones are.
Joe Margolis: Okay. Sure, let me give you a better answer then, hopefully a better answer. So one thing that we're constantly doing is the algorithms will produce a price for a unit type in a building. And we will always have a test running where a certain number of stores will add 5% to that algorithm number and a certain number of stories will subtract 5% from that algorithm number. So we'll be able to tell at these different price bands, right? The algorithm produced price bands, 5% higher, 5% lower, and you look at number of rentals, rate, cost to acquire that customer, ECRI and length of stay and come up with a customer value. And that will tell us that the algorithm produced number, produces the best long-term revenue. Or if we intervened and went 5% lower or 5% higher, where we would do better. And that's kind of an ongoing test we run to help us understand if the algorithm rhythmic produce prices is, in fact, producing the best result for us. Is that helpful?
Eric Wolfe: Yes. That's helpful.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America.
Jeff Spector: This is Jeff Spector for Josh. Sorry, we had technical difficulty before. And I apologize if you already discussed this, Joe, you talked about occupancy and the strength in occupancy trajectory. And just given the time of the year, I know we typically like to ask, how are you feeling right now as we're entering November, and how does that -- how does -- I guess how does -- how do you feel the year will end? And how does it bode heading into '25 compared to, let's say, prior years. And I know we had a number of years where there wasn't seasonality, but if you go back pre-COVID, right, how does this compare in terms of now this high occupancy level and then thoughts into '25.
Joe Margolis: So I feel good that our people and processes and systems are optimizing performance in a difficult market. I feel better if it wasn't a difficult market, but I can't control that. But I feel really good that everything we're doing, the strategies we're implementing, the tests that we're undertaking is squeezing as much juice out of the fruit as we possibly can. I also feel very good that at a high level of occupancy when the market turns and the market will turn. We are in a really good position to benefit from that quickly. I feel good that everything we see confirms moderation in new supply. So that makes me feel good as well. So I certainly feel better if we're having 6% revenue growth, but we're not going to have that this year. And all we can do is make the best of it and position ourselves well for the future.
Jeff Spector: Okay. That's fair. And then my second question is again on LSI. You talked about the lack of pricing power there, and I keep thinking about your -- you want to again, use the EXR systems fully into the LSI portfolio. And you're saying it's outperforming. But again, there seems to be some weakness there, right? It feels like at least tell me if I'm wrong, between that LSI customer possibly versus the EXR customer. So what gives confidence that you can really push on that LSI customer as we enter '25. So again, I think of those markets as more tertiary, secondary markets, that consumer is more squeezed today than ever.
Joe Margolis: So we don't see that difference in consumer. We think the storage consumer is the storage consumer, whether regardless of what product they go to the -- their behavior is very similar. We don't see significant difference in bad debt or reaction to ECRI or other behavior between markets? So I don't -- I'm not sure I agree with the thesis there.
Scott Stubbs: And Jeff, I'd maybe point to a couple of other things. One is we went into this with a 400 basis point delta in occupancy that we had to make up. So we went in with softer rates partly to gain occupancy there. Recently, we switched our algorithm over time that will even things out. In addition, you had a brand and a thesis going in where we thought the dual brand was going to compensate, and we would actually have higher growth as a result of the dual brand. We haven't found that and we now believe that it's going to do better on a single brand. That change just happens. So we're still optimistic and feel like it's been tough timing, and we think that there's still a lot of good growth in that portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Luebchow with Wells Fargo.
Eric Luebchow: I appreciate you taking the question. Maybe could you comment a little bit on kind of the move in to move-out spread, I think it had been kind of the negative 30% range, maybe a little bit north of that. And then as you kind of look out over the next 1 to 2 years, I mean, where do you think that spread has to go to get back to what would be kind of a more typical same-store growth rate based on your current pacing of ECRIs? Is it negative 20%, negative 15%? Maybe any color there would be helpful.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So for the quarter, we averaged just over 30%. Moving into October, you were mid to upper-30s, which is the growth from the second to the third quarter is common at this time of the year, you typically -- that spread usually does get larger. I think it will depend a little bit on how strong the market comes back and what we do with kind of pricing strategy. Today, we found the most effective way to attract new customers is with the lowest rate. It's possible that changes as the market strengthens. So it's hard to comment on that until we kind of see it and have confidence on which pricing strategy is going to work best.
Eric Luebchow: Got you. I appreciate that. And just a follow-up on rate is between the LSI and EXR properties, I guess, more for like-for-like markets, how much of a spread you still have remaining there? And kind of as you work through this new branding strategy, when you think that can continue to close or hit parity?
Joe Margolis: So on like-for-like properties, our spread is about 6% today, and it was closer to the 16 at closing. And there's no reason that, that should be 0 at 1 point. When you look at like-for-like markets, we haven't made as much progress. We've only closed about 2% of the rate gap, although we have closed the occupancy gap meaningfully for those stores. And I don't think we'll ever get to parity there, but we will close some more of the rate gap.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Hongliang Zhang with JPMorgan.
Hongliang Zhang: I guess, my first question is, as you look towards next year, how do you think your pricing power and top of phone demand would compare to, I guess, this year and pre-COVID levels?
Joe Margolis: Well, that's the crystal ball question, right? I think we need to understand interest rates. We need to understand the housing market. We need to understand the health of the economy and the consumer. And all of those things will drive into storage demand and our ability to push pricing. So I wish I had a crystal ball, but I don't. I do know that -- and sorry to repeat myself, whatever environment we're faced with, we will be able to maximize performance and do well. And also that we have all of these other ancillary businesses and tools that can help support company performance in periods when perhaps the stores aren't doing as well.
Hongliang Zhang: Got it. And my second question is with the EXR, LSI -- with LSI working on our same brand as EXR, are there any quantifiable cost savings you'll realize over the near term, say marketing?
Joe Margolis: So the easiest cost saving to quantify is we were spending on an annual run rate basis, $10 million more in paid search for the LSI stores to make up for the relative weakness in organic sections of the search. So once we -- not immediately on day 1, but once we get the LSI stores the parity with the extra space stores, we shouldn't have to spend that extra $10 million. And then the second savings, which is more difficult to quantify is with more stores on the Extra Space brand, the Express brand should be stronger, leading to additional marketing savings.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
Jenny Li: You have Jenny on for Ron. I just have 2 quick questions. The first is, can you please comment on the magnitude of ECRI for LSI and EXR pool? Like do you put there at a similar like pace for both pools? Or you do like the EXR harder than the other one?
Joe Margolis: So they're both on the same ECRI program now. So there's no difference in -- by original brand of the store in a pace or amount of ECRI.
Jenny Li: I think the second one, actually, I'm really curious about your views or commentary on the moving rate because we know like moving rates continue to be weak. And do you think it's actually overcorrected by your model? And going forward, do you -- you give us a feeling that you prioritize occupancy over pricing, but if that's going to be continued your focus going forward in Q4 and '25?
Joe Margolis: So we prioritized long-term revenue and whatever mix of occupancy and rate and the other various factors produced the long-term revenue. That's what we'll follow. Right now, the data is showing us to lean a little heavier into occupancy than we did. But if the data ever tells us something differently across the board or for a particular store or market, then we'll follow that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI.
Samir Khanal: Joe, on your comments about ECRI, I know you kind of talked about the magnitude being similar for both LSI and EXR now. But I mean, has there been any sort of pushback at all that you're seeing from the customers at this point?
Joe Margolis: So there's always what you would call, pushback from the customers, right? Some customers move out because the space got too expensive for them or some customers move out because when we notify them, their rate went up, they remind them they have storage and they don't need it anymore. But we track that very carefully what percentage of customers are moving out because they got an ECRI notice, and we do that because every month, we keep a control group and track different behavior. So we know the excess move-outs were causing by our ECRI program, and it's within an acceptable range today and if it ever changes, then we can adjust our program accordingly.
Samir Khanal: Okay. Got it. And I guess my second question is around your bridge loan program. And you've been pretty active on that front this year as well right? It's led to higher interest income in the financials. So help us think through kind of how to think about the volume or the program into next year? And kind of what does that opportunity set look like?
Joe Margolis: So we've had a very strong year in bridge loan originations. I think one of the reasons of that was we had a whole new group of LSI partners that we got to know and made a lot of bridge loans to them. So that was helpful. Another reason was the acquisition market was difficult. There was a bid-ask spread we've talked about. So some owners decided instead of trying to sell in the current market, they'll get a bridge loan and try again in 3 years. So volumes were good. Next year, we have some meaningful maturities, some of those will extend, some will pay off and some will buy. So that will have some downward pressure on our book of business. But we continue to remain -- I expect we'll continue to remain active and make new loans. It all depends on opportunities. We're not going to make bad loans just to keep our book of business large, and we're not going to pass by opportunities because we think we've made too many bridge loans because we can always sell A notes which we've done to manage our exposure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Omotayo Okusanya with Deutsche Bank.
Omotayo Okusanya: I just wanted to stay on the credit lending platform and the line of questioning there. Again, the loan that was sold this quarter, could you just talk a little bit about the characteristics of those loans, why you decided it made sense to sell it. And if we just kind of confirm where you're doing this as you're kind of selling 8 pieces, but just so holding on to a residual.
Joe Margolis: So we make a calculation of loans that are easy to sell. So for example, if we have a $20 million loan and $4 million or $5 million loans, it may make more sense to sell the A on the $20 million because it's 1 transaction as opposed to 4 separate transactions. Also, our buyers have preferences for certain markets or where they have exposure where they don't. So clearly, the buyers have input into this as well. So there's no formula lookup table. It's more business judgment on which loans to sell. And I'm sorry, what was the second part of the question?
Omotayo Okusanya: For the loans [indiscernible], do you sell the whole loan? Or are you holding onto a residual?
Joe Margolis: Yes. I'm sorry. Yes, we sell the A piece and we keep the mess. So we do keep -- we keep residual. So the whole loan -- the whole capital stack is 100%. We're selling 55 or 60 and keeping the balance up to 75 or 80.
Omotayo Okusanya: Got you. That's helpful. And then just to talk a little bit about one of your other growth drivers, which is the third-party asset management. Again, you continue to grow in that space, and I know that each management agreement is kind of different and unique to each operator. But just kind of curious, again, if you could just kind of talk thematically about anything that may be happening to kind of improve profitability of that business as you continue to grow it?
Joe Margolis: So we're continuing to grow the business for a couple of reasons. One is there's 1 less competitor out there, right? LSI was a competitor for this business, and they don't -- they're us now. We have develop relationships with all the owners who LSI used to manage for. And for many of them, we're growing that relationship. Also, the operating environment is harder and when the operating environment is harder, more non-institutional owners seek professional management, right? Our -- if you look at our occupancies compared to the occupancies and performance of the small operators. In general, we're significantly outperforming them. And I also think we're growing the business because we do an excellent job in running the properties, communicating with our owners and providing great customer service. And because of that, we have a great reputation. So even though we are the most expensive in the business, more expensive and have very healthy margins, we're also growing the business faster than anyone else.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Truist.
Ki Bin Kim: Just a couple of quick follow-ups here. Could you comment on LSI street rate trends in the quarter and into October?
Scott Stubbs: So on a year-over-year basis, Ki Bin, we have a difficult time partly because on a year-over-year basis, we didn't manage them for the whole quarter, so we don't have perfect data on that. For the quarter, quarter-over-quarter, their rates are down 1%, so just on a quarter-over-quarter basis, you didn't see as much of a seasonal decline as you saw in the Extra Space portfolio.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And you mentioned that there's a 6% spread on a like-for-like basis. In order for that to close, do you ultimately need kind of top of the funnel demand to be better? Or do you think on a single brand strategy and whatever else you guys are working on, do you think you can close that gap holding everything else constant.
Joe Margolis: I think the latter. I think on the stores that are like-for-like, same quality store in the exact stream trade area, same type of store, once we're on a single brand and have some time, we'll close that gap.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And just last question on the bridge loans. Of the 300 plus or minus maturity for next year, roughly do you know what percent what extent?
Joe Margolis: So half of those loans aren't maturing until November and December last year. So we have quite some time before we fully understand are they going to satisfy all the tests to extend or not. So it's hard to give an accurate percentage at this time.
Scott Stubbs : [Indiscernible] to meet any of those requirements. So they still have a fair amount of time before maturity.
Operator: Now, I'm showing no further questions. So with that, I'll hand the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Joe Margolis: Great. Thank you, everyone, for your interest in Extra Space and your time. I apologize for the technical difficulties we had today. We look forward to seeing everyone at the upcoming meetings. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. This does conclude today's program, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-31 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Second Quarter 2024 Extra Space Storage, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I will hand the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Jared Conley. Please go ahead.
Jared Conley: Thank you, Carmen. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's second quarter 2024 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, July 31, 2024. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the time over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Jared, and thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. We had a great quarter, exceeding our internal FFO per share projections due to outperformance in multiple areas of our business, allowing us to increase our 2024 FFO outlook. We experienced steady improvement in Extra Space same-store occupancy for the second quarter, ending at 94.3% and continue to see occupancy gains in July. Our second quarter occupancy represents 110 basis point sequential gain over our first quarter occupancy and a 30 basis point improvement year-over-year. In the same period, the average move-in rate improved by approximately 12%. However, it is still about 8% below last year's average moving rate. The combination of increased move-in rate and occupancy gain contributed to a 0.6% increase in Extra Space same-store revenue year-over-year. Same-store expenses increased by 6% for the quarter compared to the same period last year, marginally better than internal projections. As expected, we saw significant gains in occupancy for the Life Storage same-store pool, finishing the quarter at 93.8%. This represents an increase of 400 basis points year-over-year and a 200 basis point improvement over first quarter levels. The occupancy gains drove revenue growth for the Life Storage same-store pool of 1.8% year-over-year. Given the occupancy gains, we expected to generate significant pricing power at the Life Storage properties. Midway through the quarter, we eliminated the move-in rate discounts and placed new customer pricing for the Life Storage properties on par with comparable extra space stores. However, the pricing improvement at the Life Storage stores has been below our internal projections. We are confident our approach is maximizing revenue at these stores. However, progress has been slower than anticipated. We remain convinced that we will continue to close the rate gap between Life Storage and extra space stores over time. Life Storage same-store property expenses increased by 0.8% year-over-year, significantly better than our internal projections. The team has done a great job finding additional expense efficiencies, and we can now project lower expenses, particularly with respect to property taxes and in the controllable areas of R&M, utilities, and payroll for the second half of the year. Turning to growth. While the transaction environment remains muted, our capital-light external growth programs continue to make gains. In the quarter, we added 77 third-party managed stores, netting 14 stores after factoring in the expected departure of a large portfolio that internalized management. Year-to-date, we have added 86 net stores to the platform, one of the strongest first halves of the year ever. Additionally, our bridge loan program expanded with $433 million in new loans originated in this quarter. Our greater scale and sophisticated operating platform have led to meaningful wins in other areas of the business, including G&A and tenant insurance. We're working hard to continue to find efficiencies in all areas of the business to drive FFO growth despite the difficult operating environment at the stores. I will now turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe and hello everyone. As Joe mentioned, we had a good quarter, driven by occupancy and steady revenue growth. In addition to G&A savings, we have experienced better-than-expected property operating expenses, specifically property taxes, utilities, and repairs and maintenance. The G&A and property level savings have come from a broad range of categories as we continue to find efficiencies and capitalize on our greater scale. Due to the steady Extra Space same-store performance through the leasing season, we are raising the bottom end of our revenue guidance by 100 basis points bringing the midpoint to negative 0.25%. We have also reduced our expense guidance dropping the midpoint by 25 basis points to 4.5%. Accordingly, the bottom end of our net operating income guidance is being raised by 125 basis points to a negative 1.75% at the midpoint. Regarding the Life Storage same-store pool, the lower-than-expected pricing power has led to a reduction in our revenue expectations for the year. We have reduced our annual same-store revenue guidance by 200 basis points at the midpoint. Fortunately, this is partially offset by lower-than-expected expenses for these properties. As a result, we are also revising our expense guidance downward by 200 basis points at the midpoint and consequently, we have adjusted Life Storage same-store NOI guidance to a range of negative 1.5% to positive 1% for the year. Given the recent demand and volume of bridge loans, we have raised the 2024 average outstanding loan guidance and increased our expected interest income. We've also lowered our estimates for G&A and increased our management fees and tenant reinsurance income. Additionally, we adjusted interest expense and income tax expense guidance to reflect the current business environment. These revisions have contributed to a raise of the lower end of our FFO guidance from $7.85 per share to $7.95 per share, a $0.05 increase at the midpoint. And with that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed.
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning, guys. Thanks a lot for taking my question. My first question is on the adjustment of the Life Storage guidance. And you talked a little bit about the lack of pricing power in order to push rates. What are you seeing there? Like what is weighing there? And then also is the -- can you talk a little bit about the geographical footprint of that portfolio and how that may be also influencing the results from that segment.
Joe Margolis: Sure, Michael. So when we took the portfolio over, we had a significant 420 basis point occupancy gap. And that was the first thing we worked on. And the main tool, we used over the last year was discounting the new customer rate at the Life Storage stores below the Extra Space stores. And we made good progress. And by mid-quarter, we were close enough to occupancy parity that we remove that extra discount at the Life Storage stores. We then thought we would gain pricing power, and we just didn't gain as much as we did. The customers new customers remain price sensitive, and we haven't been able to move new customer rates at the Life Storage stores or the Extra Space stores as much as we would have hoped. So that is certainly a factor in our projected revenue for the Life Storage stores for the rest of the year. Another factor is geography, as you pointed out. When we close this merger, one thing we were excited about was the effect on our portfolio footprint. By merging with Life Storage, we reduced our proportional exposure to California and increased our proportional exposure to Sunbelt markets, including Florida, for example. And we still are happy about that. We think long term, we believe in the Sunbelt. We believe in Florida. We're happy to have greater exposure in those growth markets. But it worked against us this year. Extra Space has 23% of its same-store revenue coming from California, Life Storage has 7% and California is an outperforming market this year. And conversely, Extra Space has 10% of our same-store revenue coming from Florida, Life Storage has 16% and Florida is an underperforming market this year. So I think it's timing. Long term, we like where we are. We think we'll close the rate gap and we like our geographical footprint.
Michael Goldsmith: Sure. Thanks for that. And my follow-up, I think the natural follow-up question is what has to change in the environment in order for things to get better? Is it demand needs to pick up from the housing market. Is it competition needs to kind of moderate from here? Like what are the catalyst that you're looking for that would be an indicator that the return of the pricing power and closing the gap on rate? Thanks.
Joe Margolis: Yes. I mean, clearly, a pickup in demand would be positive. Whether that's going to come from the housing market or otherwise, I think it's probably a little of both, right? We'll probably have a slow and steady improvement in the housing market, not a hockey stick. I think continued moderation of new development is a positive that will help us as well. So, we can't control market conditions, but we can control how we react to them. And I'm highly confident that our systems will optimize performance given whatever market conditions were presented with. And when I look at our occupancy, which is 94 -- Extra Space same store pool, 94.5% in July and 93.9% for the Life Storage in July. I'm very confident in our systems are capturing the demand that's out there and maximizing revenue.
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you, very much.
Joe Margolis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Steve Sakwa: Yes, thank. I guess, good morning still out there. Maybe Joe or Scott, can you maybe -- maybe I missed it, did you touch on the July trends at all? And if you haven't, could you just kind of provide where July trends are on some of the key metrics like occupancy and the revenue growth or kind of move-in rents. Thanks.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So starting with the Extra Space pool, occupancy at the end of July or as of yesterday is 94.5% to 94.5%. So sequentially, we increased by 20 basis points. The Life Storage pool is now 93.9% sequentially up 10 basis points. Now, that came a bit at the expense of rate. So, during the second quarter, our achieved rate to new customers were down 8%. And during the month of July, they were down 12%, pretty similar for the Life Storage pool also.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then, Joe, maybe just going back to this EXR LSI and the pricing and a little disappointing that you didn't get the rate. I'm just wondering, is it possible that the customer mix was different. And before the merger, if LSI had lower street rates and charge less that attracted 1 type of customer and the fact that you're trying to bring them up to parity with EXR, just kind of either pushes them out of the system? Or I guess I'm just trying to think, is everybody at the same pricing level or do you have to fully turn that customer mix to get them back up to parity on the EXR rent side?
Joe Margolis: Yes. It's a good question, Steve, but I don't think so. And the reason I don't think so is, when we track move out as a result of ECRI. The Life Storage customers are actually moving out at a slightly lower level than an Extra Space customers. So they're -- and it very, very slightly. So they're basically behaving the same. So I think a storage customer is a storage customer, and they act the same weather they're behind yellow doors or green doors.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Steve, we would point a little bit more to this being a new customer issue, meaning the existing customers are still behaving quite well. We're seeing strength with those customers. But the new customer has been price sensitive, and this came at a time when we were trying to increase occupancy.
Steve Sakwa: Great. Thanks, guys.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citi.
Eric Wolfe: Hey, it's Eric Wolfe here with Nick. Sorry, if I missed this in the last question, but did you say where LSI rates are compared to XR. Just curious whether you took it back down to that sort of 10% gap that was in place before.
Scott Stubbs: So we have put them on parity with extra space, where they compete with extra space stores. So we have not dropped them back down.
Eric Wolfe: Okay. So you haven't dropped them back down. And so the guidance reduction of 200 basis points, isn't due to pricing, it's due to less moving customers, less occupancy? Like I'm just trying to understand what sort of specifically drove that 200 basis point -- 200 basis point reduction.
Joe Margolis: So there's -- each unit is priced but then is adjusted every night, every unit type and every store is adjusted based on the models, historic data of vacates and rentals and then projected data vacates in rentals. So while we set a price, it's not a fixed price for any period of time that's charged. That's the base price, if you will, and then the model will adjust that price going forward. And we produce projections based on how we think that's going to work out and result in what type of revenue gain.
Scott Stubbs: Eric, you've effectively brought more customers in at lower prices, so you're starting off a lower base. And that takes some time to work through. We expect those customers to accept rate increases similar to other customers, but it does take time to work through if they came in at lower rates.
Eric Wolfe: Got it. Okay. And then the second question. If I look at your same-store net rental income, it was up 70 bps. Your occupancy was up 40 bps and your net rents were down 10, so it looks like there's a bit of a gap there, like 40 or 50 basis points. Is that extra gap just sort of expansion or renovation activity? And would you say that's sustainable, that benefit would be sustainable through the rest of the year?
Scott Stubbs: So some of that can be timing on the numbers you just gave and exactly where they are. And then some of that is expansion or change in units. We are constantly modifying our units in terms of converting them large to small or small to large, but there is some degree of expansion in our portfolio.
Eric Wolfe: Okay. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Just wanted to follow up on that prior question. But from the perspective of the new customer rates, so how much -- or how have the new customer rates changed as a result of I guess, still having a price-sensitive customer. I get it that it takes a while to move the in place. So how have you changed your thought process after reaching occupancy parity for that new customer? And how does that compare to extra, I guess, relative to prior guidance. Still a little bit unclear there.
Joe Margolis: So we had projected that once we achieved in the Life Storage pool this level of occupancy, we would be able to have higher new customer rates and the behavior of the tenants is not allowing us to do that. We still need to be aggressive with rates to capture those tenants, particularly the web tenants.
Juan Sanabria: Just to compare with versus the extra experience, you haven't necessarily had to have stayed as aggressive for new customers on the extra versus LSI.
Joe Margolis: No, I'm sorry.
Juan Sanabria: And that's just due to geographies?
Joe Margolis: No, I'm sorry if I gave that impression. The extra space customers, they're the same customers, right? The self-storage customer is sensitive, new self-storage customers, price sensitive, whether they end up on the LSI website or on the extra space website. So we also have been had to be aggressive with the extra space customer and frankly, that's why we have 0.6% revenue growth. I mean, we're still significantly outperforming extra space at the life storage pool. It's just not to the extent we expected.
Juan Sanabria: Got you. Okay. Then just to -- what should we think of as the exit run rate for both pools for same store revenue? Just in general, we could do the math on what's implied for the second half, but should we think of the growth rate for same store revenue improving or being fairly steady between the third and fourth quarter for each of the two pools?
Scott Stubbs: I'll talk about two pools. So the extra space pool is going to be fairly steady. I mean, it's not a big swoosh. You're not seeing it drop drastically and then coming back really strong at the end of the year, it's pretty steady. Life storage on a year-over-year basis, there obviously is more of a deceleration in the back half in terms of a year-over-year as we're coming up against much more difficult costs as we did a large volume of rate increases as we took over that portfolio last August.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Keegan Carl with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Keegan Carl: Yeah. Thanks for the time, guys. Maybe first, just two-parter, I guess, how do you think about your marketing spend trending the rest of the year, and ultimately, what's that translating to in your top-of-the-funnel demand?
Scott Stubbs: So our marketing spend has been up on a year-over-year basis. If you just take the extra space portfolio, it is about 2% of revenues, but it is a 20% increase year-over-year. So we had very, very low marketing spend during COVID in the periods following that. We would expect it to be pretty consistent through this year. The life storage spend has been slightly more elevated than that as a percentage of revenue. It's about 3% of revenue, and we would expect it to continue through the year.
Keegan Carl: Then just on top-of-the-funnel demand, I guess just more broadly, what are you guys seeing and maybe how does that compare to your comments at NAREIT?
Joe Margolis: Very similar. I think demand is measured by kind of generic Google search terms, storage near me, things like that. It's very similar to 2019. So kind of historical levels, but it is down from last year and the year before when we had elevated demand. No real change in that area.
Keegan Carl: Got it. Then just maybe more broadly within your embedded guide, I guess I'm just curious on a year-over-year occupancy Delta versus last year, just any more color and how you expect to trend through the back half, and if you've changed any of those assumptions in your guidance range?
Scott Stubbs: So on the Extra Space pool, we did not change. And again, we're guiding more for revenue than occupancy, because revenue is going to be an output of rate occupancy, all of those things, and so no significant changes in our assumptions on the Extra Space pool. On the Life Storage pool, obviously, occupancy is continues to be at the higher levels, more similar to Extra Space, but again, not big changes in the back half in terms of an occupancy guide, just more of a revenue guide there.
Keegan Carl: Great. Thanks for time guys.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Joshua Dennerlein: Hey guys, thanks for the time. Joe, just wanted to follow up on one of your opening remarks. It sounded like the LSI property is just underperforming your internal projections. Is there anything in particular that you think is driving that underperformance?
Joe Margolis: Well, I mentioned geographical differentiation between the pools. Certainly, that's one thing. I would also say that we have not gotten the improvement in the Life storage organic strength, SEO strength that we expected. And we've made up for some of that to increase marketing spend, increased paid search. Scott just mentioned that. But our thought was a year or nine months really into running the second brand, second website, the Life Storage, SEO would be closer to the Extra Space strength than it actually is.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay. Does that maybe change how you're thinking about the SEO on a go-forward basis? Like would you want to put the -- make the brands one, or still keep them separate?
Joe Margolis: So the decision to test dual brand was based on the theory that if we have twice the digital real estate in the paid section, in the local section and in the organic section, we would have more clicks and more rentals and that benefit would outweigh the cost of running two brands. And we certainly see that in the page that's easy to buy it. We've had progress and are seeing movement in the local section where we have -- we've been most disappointed is in the organic section. And it's something we're looking at. We're looking at the data. We'll let the test run its course, and then we'll make the decision.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay. Appreciate that. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey, just two quick ones, staying on the different pools between Life Storage and EXR. I guess, if we think about three to five years out, when should we expect both pools behave similarly. I mean, it sounds like the pricing is the same or the average prices are the same, maybe one has higher occupancy. But at what point does this converge, or will it always sort of be two separate pools three, four, five years down the road?
Scott Stubbs: I would expect it to converge at some point. The store -- the pools are slightly different in terms of makeup, in terms of demographics, things like that. But overall, they should behave the same. But I would expect Life Storage to outperform in terms of year-over-year revenue growth in 2025.
Ronald Kamdem: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then my second commentary question, I should say, is just maybe can you talk about that you talked about, there's a lot more sort of competition or pricing in the market. Maybe if you could just contextualize that. What do you think specifically is driving that? Is that less activity in the housing markets? Is it the consumer is more price sensitive? Like, what do you think is maybe leading to a little bit more competition than you would have anticipated on the pricing?
Joe Margolis: So I think it's several factors. I think the housing market is a factor. I think sometimes it can be overblown, right? Our peak percentage of customers who tell us they were in the moving process was in 2021 with 61% of our customers. Now it's about 51% of our customers. So clearly, that's a decline and in effect, but it doesn't explain everything. I think we need to remember that in 2020, we were in the peak of a three-year development cycle, three-year deliveries of development almost 80% of our same-store pool had new supply delivered in the three years, 2018, 2019 and 2020. And that got masked by COVID, the excess COVID demand kind of masked that new development supply. And now that excess demand is gone and in markets that have those new -- that new supply, we feel impact. I also think the consumer is weak, right? We've had several years of inflation outpacing wage growth. Inflation has slowed down, but we have no disinflation, right? Prices are still high. The extra money the government throw into the economy is -- is largely gone, right? Savings rates are down from their historic highs, credit card debt defaults, auto loan defaults are increasing. We have a weaker consumer, and we see that in their shopping behavior.
Ronald Kamdem: Okay. That's it for me. Thanks so much.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Truist.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Good morning. Just a couple of quick ones here. When you talk about some of the additional pricing sensitivity with your customer base. How do you notice that on web traffic, whether it be customers jumping around from your pace to a competitive page, I'm not sure if that's trackable, by any kind of metrics that you can share where we are today versus maybe a year ago?
Joe Margolis: I think there's a number of ways to observe it. But the best way is we'll pretty continually run a test where we have a series of stores or units at stores that are priced 5% higher or 5% lower than we think they should then the model thinks they should be. And we can see the consumer reaction to a 5% increase in prices or a 5% decrease in prices. And that really helps us kind of zero in on what the right price is and which -- which combination of rate and rental volume and discount and marketing spend maximizes revenue.
Ki Bin Kim: Got it. And the second question on your expenses for payroll and utilities. Can you just give a broad sense what we should expect for payroll going forward? Should it be more inflationary? Or are there other things that you might -- we do like FTEs at the stores. And on the solar side, I mean, on the utility side, is that decrease being driven mostly by like solar initiatives? And just curious like how much more room may you have to add more solar, if that was the driver?
Scott Stubbs : Yes. So on the payroll side, first half of this year, it is slightly elevated. Some of that's a comp issue. So last year, we ran fewer hours at the stores, as we were basically just a little bit understaffed. So this year, it -- not only do you have the wage increase, you also have the increase in hours. We would expect that to be less in the back half of the year to become more inflationary. In terms of utilities, we've actually been quite aggressive on the solar side for a lot of years. Prior to the Life Storage acquisition, we had about 50% of our fully owned stores that have solar on them, so that is clearly benefiting us. We continue to look for opportunities to have a good yield, and we continue to install solar. One of the opportunities with the Life Storage acquisition is more stores to install solar. We've also been focused on our HVAC and getting that to be more efficient. We've also done a lot of LED lighting. So solar is obviously a big component of that and probably the bigger driver, but also some opportunities on HVAC and LED lighting.
Joe Margolis : Just as a follow-up comment on payroll, I think, it could be a mistake to look at payroll expense in a vacuum, because we can reduce -- anybody can reduce payroll expense, but it's important to also understand what are the impacts of that. Does that mean if you cut store hours, you have to have more call center agents? Does it mean that you have to have R&M? We noticed that the fewer number of bodies we have in the store, the more small fires we have, the more mattresses we have left in the hallway. And then most importantly, what does it do to rentals? If you lose rentals in a high operating margin business, your efforts to reduce payroll can be counterproductive. So we want to be as careful as we can as efficient we can with payroll, but we don't want to do it at the expense of hurting the store or hurting revenue.
Ki Bin Kim: All that makes sense to me. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brendan Lynch with Barclays.
Brendan Lynch: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. There's an uptick in acquisition guidance for the year. I wondered if you could comment on the bid-ask spread that you're seeing in the market and where cap rates are trending.
Joe Margolis: Sure. So our increase of guidance was really the function of us capturing three deals that we didn't expect to. And it's not a reflection that we see the market changing drastically. I think the market is still muted. There's still a bid-ask spread. There'll likely be a few more transactions at the second half of the year as there always are in any year. But I don't think there's a material change in market dynamics, right? Leverage buyers are still on the sidelines. Most storage owners aren't in distressed. They don't need to sell. And if they can't get their price, they'll just hold or frankly, what we're seeing, they'll come to us for a bridge loan. And one of the reasons our bridge loan activity is up is because the acquisition market is quiet and people are looking for other options.
Brendan Lynch: Great. That's helpful. And then on the third-party management, you mentioned the internalization of one of your prior customers. Can you just talk about what drove that decision and if you would expect more of that to occur?
Joe Margolis: This was a owner that we inherited from Life Storage. They were a capital partner. They purchased a self-storage company and operating platform and moved all of their stores to that operating platform. So we lost 63 stores in the quarter, 59 of them were because of this internalization of management. Other than that, we only lost four stores. So part of having over 1,400 stores on our third-party management platform, is that every now and then you lose a portfolio, and we've lost portfolios in the past, but we continue to grow at a very healthy pace. We've added 174 stores gross throughout the year and 86 net, and that's a very, very healthy year for us, and we see the demand continuing.
Brendan Lynch: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hongliang Zhang with JPMorgan.
Hongliang Zhang: Hey, guys. I guess you've talked about street rates being down 8% on a year-over-year basis in the second quarter. I was wondering how you expect that gap to trend throughout the rest of the year.
Scott Stubbs: So we don't see a catalyst for a big -- for us to be able to have a lot of pricing power. I think that's the reality. I think with housing market down with the consumer where they are, we don't see a strong catalyst. Our guidance doesn't imply that. That being said, we are going to -- the street rates are somewhat an outcome of your occupancy, your rentals, the volume, what you're giving. And we're going to solve for occupancy -- the first thing we look at is occupancy -- I'm sorry, not occupancy, but for revenue, sorry. So you can use occupancy, you can use street rate all to solve for occupancy. And as we've always said, we are solving for I did it again. We are solving for revenue. We want to make sure that we use these other tools to solve for revenue.
Joe Margolis: I'm going to answer that question. .
Scott Stubbs: I know .
Hongliang Zhang: And then I guess on -- just thinking about the magnitude of ECRIs, how do those compare and the EXL portfolio versus the LSI portfolio? Are you doing anything different in terms of rent increases for either one?
Joe Margolis: No. Now that everything is priced at parity they're on the same system, they're on the same ECRI system. So it's the same.
Hongliang Zhang: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Todd Thomas: Hi, thanks. First question, I just wanted to follow up -- sorry to harp on the changes here to the EXR and LSI revenue growth guidance. But you commented, you moved LSI pricing to parity with EXR. Did not see the improvement in achieved rents that you anticipated, which led to the decrease for LSI, but what caused the increase in the EXR revenue growth forecast?
Scott Stubbs: So I think it was really more a function of us taking the bottom end of the guidance off the table. Based on where the stores are halfway through the year, we didn't feel like that was a likely scenario.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then just going back to, I think, Ki Bin's question around, a little bit around the web and web traffic. Are there any structural differences at this point in the websites or anything related to running separate banners that you're  you're starting to identify or see. I'm just -- I'm not clear on how the sites and banners have been integrated on the back end, I guess. And I'm just curious if you're seeing differences there either in terms of levels of web demand or customers finding you or the overall execution of leasing on the LSI versus the EXR websites?
Joe Margolis: No. So we addressed the differences in website, and I'll give you one example. When we closed the transaction, the LSI website was twice as slow or the Extra Space website was twice as fast as the LSI website. And that's an important signal to Google. That's one of the factors Google looks in when they decide who's going to be first in the SEO ranking. So all of those things that we could address, we addressed. So the websites physically, if you will are now comparable. The challenge we're having is if Life Storage average seven or eight, the seventh or eighth spot on the SEO, and we've improved it to five to six, that's not enough to get the results we want. We need to continue to see improvement where we could get that up into the top three locations to get the benefit we're hoping for. And there are dozens of factors that Google takes into account in determining when someone searches storage near me, who they're going to put first in the organic rankings and who they're going to put second and third. And those are the things that we need to work on and continue to see improvement in.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And just lastly, normally, I think you moved the LSI portfolio or you'd move acquisitions into the same-store next year in 2025 from when you closed LSI, I think there was some uncertainty on what you would do there. Any sense whether you're going to move them into the same store in 2025 or continue to break out the two segments?
Scott Stubbs: Our plan would be to move them into same-store, but we would still provide the previous year, so you should be able to see it kind of before and after.
Todd Thomas: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Omotayo Okusanya with Maryland REIT Research.
Omotayo Okusanya: Hi. Good afternoon. I just wanted to again just keep focusing on LSI. I guess, with the big increase in occupancy, it does sound like the lease-up you were trying to get in that portfolio has happened, and so when I just kind of think about going forward with ECRI, I think you can average inflation rents in this portfolio next balance in change, reflecting kind of I called the lower move-in rates, but for your EXR portfolio, it's in the low 20s. I mean, is that the pickup we should be looking for over time? And what time period yet that average increase went from say to 22, 23 and change?
Scott Stubbs: Yeah. So when you look at the average rent per square foot between the two portfolios, they are structurally different somewhat. Some of them are -- they're in different demographics, different markets. And when the markets where we compete is the markets we refer to closing the gap. So we would expect them to behave like the Extra Space property in the markets they compete, and we would expect them to continue to perform better on the Extra Space platform, but not necessarily be on the -- at the exact same rent per square foot.
Omotayo Okusanya: Perfect. That's helpful. And then on the credit lending side, again, nice pickup in activity. Again, just kind of curious how much more you can potentially expect that to grow on a going-forward basis? And how does one kind of think about the ideal balance between the credit lending platform versus kind of classic acquisitions?
Joe Margolis: Yes. So, we've grown that pretty significantly this year for a few reasons. One is we had very few maturities this year, and some of those maturities chose to extend. I discussed earlier kind of the effect of a muted acquisition market on greater demand for that product. And then we made a capital allocation decision, right? We had a quiet year on the acquisition front. So, we're holding incrementally more of the loans on our balance sheet because that's a good use of capital when we don't have as many acquisition opportunities. I would expect over time, things will change and maybe when the acquisition market gets more active, we'll sell more loans and hold less on our balance sheet. We certainly have more maturities next year than we do this year, and we'll have to address that. But I think this is a viable business that serves a number of benefits to the company and increases our management business. It gives us an acquisition pipeline. It increases the number of relationships we have across the business and provides great economics. So, I think it's a business we can continue to grow.
Omotayo Okusanya: Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. I know you guys gave some of the move-in rate commentary for July. I just wanted to see if it was possible to get sort of like the dollar rate. You give it in this up for the quarter ended the 133. Is it possible to get what that number is for July?
Scott Stubbs: It's 129 move in and a move out of 180.
Joe Margolis: That's Extra Space.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, that's the Extra Space.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. And then I guess the other question is just on the balance sheet. Scott, like what -- the line of credit balance going up, which I assume is related to all the bridge loan activity, how should we think about just debt, how you're thinking about the debt component going forward because the balance has gotten higher? Thanks.
Scott Stubbs: So, we have a few bridge loan sales lined up here in the next month that I'll bring it down some. And then we will look to turn that out as that volume gets larger or as we have opportunities. So, I think that you can see is in the bond market as soon as this quarter or a later in the year or early next year.
Nick Yulico: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And as I see no further questions in the queue, I will turn the call back to Joe Margolis for his closing remarks.
Joe Margolis: Great. Thank you very much, and thanks, everyone, for your time and interest in Extra Space Storage. But a lot of questions about Life Storage and how it's not performed as expected. I truly believe that's a timing factor. We will get to those rates and that improvement that we want. And when I look across all other areas of the business, whether it's our expense control, our G&A, our ancillary businesses, like management, bridge lending, the company is really performing at a very high level, and I'm confident we can continue to do so in the future. Thank you very much.
Operator: And thank you all for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-01 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the First Quarter 2024 Extra Space Storage Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  
 I would now like to hand the conference over to Jared Conley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jared Conley: Thank you, Michelle. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review.  
 Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, May 1, 2024. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. 
 I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer. 
Joseph Margolis: Thanks, Jared, and thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. As many of you know, Jeff Norman has transitioned into another role within the organization as the Head of Treasury and Capital Markets. Many of you on this call have worked with Jeff and experienced his professionalism, responsiveness, fast knowledge and good nature. I recognize and appreciate his efforts to make Extra Space a leader in the industry, and look forward to his continued contribution to the company.  
 I would also like to introduce Jared Conley, our new Vice President of Investor Relations. Jared has been with Extra Space since 2002 and has worked in various roles, most recently as our Head of Financial Planning and Analysis. We look forward to introducing him in person next month at NAREIT. 
 Turning to this quarter's performance. We have seen sequential improvement in occupancy and rate since our fourth quarter earnings call in late February. Operationally, occupancy at the Extra Space same-store pool grew every month during a period normally recognized for seasonal declines, ending the quarter at 93.2%, a 50 basis point increase year-over-year. Our revenue strategy has allowed us to both improve occupancy and average move-in rate in the quarter, with the latter growing sequentially by approximately 8% from a seasonal low in January. The combination of improving move-in rate, higher occupancy, and steady existing customer rate increases have provided a 1% lift in Extra Space's same-store revenue performance, which is in line with our internal projections. 
 Also, as expected, Extra Space same-store expense growth increased by 5.5% year-over-year. The legacy Life Storage same-store pool performance continues to improve, outpacing the Extra Space same-store properties. Revenue gained 1.7% year-over-year, which was in line with internal projections and against the backdrop of a difficult comp, where prior management pushed hard on rates in 2023 at the expense of occupancy.  
 Occupancy at our Life Storage improved to 92%, a 220 basis point improvement over last year, narrowing the gap between pools to 120 basis points at quarter end. At the end of April, this gap, which was over 400 basis points in closing, has further narrowed to 90 basis points on our platform. To do so, we have maintained lower rates through the quarter with the strategy of higher occupancy, leading to stronger new and existing customer rates through the remainder of the year. We believe improved rate performance will continue to lift these properties and ultimately bring them to parity with legacy Extra Space store rate and occupancy levels.  
 Life Storage same-store expenses increased 6.7% year-over-year, also due to an exceptionally hard 2023 comparable, but below internal projections. Expenses increased particularly in the areas of payroll and repairs and maintenance, as we address areas that were underinvested at this time last year.
 On the external growth front, the transaction market continues to be muted. However, we expanded our capital-light external growth activities, adding $164 million in new bridge loans meaningfully ahead of our projections. In addition, we added 97 third-party managed stores gross and 72 stores net. We continue to have the fastest-growing third-party management platform in the industry.  
 Overall, the year is unfolding as expected with wins in capital-light growth and G&A and expense savings. We are working hard and I am confident of our teams and infrastructure are well prepared to optimize performance during the important upcoming leasing season.
 I will now turn the time over to Scott. 
P. Stubbs: Thanks, Joe, and hello, everyone. As Joe mentioned, we had another good quarter, driven by steady revenue, G&A savings, and better-than-expected property operating expenses, specifically property taxes. The G&A savings have been from a broad range of categories as we continue to seek efficiencies and capitalize on our greater scale. As mentioned in our prior call, we closed a $600 million bond offering in the quarter at a time when interest rates were more favorable than the current environment. Proceeds were used to repay the bridge loan that we used to acquire Life Storage and the offering helps reduce our exposure to variable interest rate debt. Our balance sheet is in great shape, and we have plenty of dry powder to capitalize on an improving transactions market.  
 Due to the in-line nature of same-store performance, we are not making any revisions related to property operations. We will update our property guidance after the second quarter once we see how the leasing season progresses and how much pricing power we gain. We do expect to see continued savings in G&A and have adjusted our annual assumptions accordingly. We have also adjusted our annual average SOFR assumption, increasing interest expense, which is partially offset by increases in interest income from our bridge loan program. We are encouraged by the outsized rental volume year-to-date and the high occupancy at our stores, and we should be in a great position to maximize the performance at our properties as we move into the rental season.  
 With that, Michelle, let's open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. 
Michael Goldsmith: Can you talk a little bit about what the trend was in April and how that kind of compares from the last couple of months of the end of the first quarter? 
P. Stubbs: Yes, Michael. So we ended the month of April at 93.7% occupied, which is still a 50 basis point delta over last year, and our rates improved sequentially month-over-month from the month of January. So what's happened in the quarter is we averaged about 14% negative achieved rates in the quarter. And in the month of April, that has moved to about negative 9% year-over-year. 
Joseph Margolis: So that 92.7% is the Extra Space same-store pool. We're at 92.8% for the Life Storage same-store pool. 
Michael Goldsmith: And my follow-up question is, to reach the midpoint of the guidance, it seems like you kind of hit your occupancy or have started to make some momentum there. I suspect that's going to translate to starting to push street rates. To meet the midpoint of your guidance, how much the street rates need to increase from here in order to achieve that midpoint level? 
Joseph Margolis: So street rates is only one component, right? And we're kind of agnostic as to whether we can maximize our revenue through street rates, through occupancy, through discounts, through marketing spend, through ECRI. So there's no one number we're targeting for any one of those metrics. We're trying to mix and match them to maximize revenue. 
Michael Goldsmith: So maybe if I ask that in a slightly different way. If ECRIs kind of remain steady and you get kind of the normal seasonality within occupancy, then how much street rate gains do you need in order to kind of meet your kind of internal expectations? 
P. Stubbs: Michael, we actually have not broken out street rates. If you remember on the last call, we actually didn't break them out. We said when we did our budgets, when we did our estimates and forecast, we did it based on revenue growth. And so street rate is a component of that, as is occupancy. And obviously, the better the street rates are, the better the occupancy, the higher we are going to be in that range. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Spector with Bank of America. 
Jeffrey Spector: I just want to confirm, thinking about your comments and where we stand here, May 1 versus, let's say, the last couple of years, where there was a bit less visibility, seasonality was a bit distorted or, I guess, can you just put the context of how you feel today versus the prior 2 years? Because it sounds like you're more comfortable, confident maybe with that seasonality. Normal seasonality trends are kicking in and we should expect that to continue for the remainder of the year. 
Joseph Margolis: So I think comfort is always greater as you get into and have some feeling as to how the leasing season is going to go. So at this time of year, before we're into the leasing season, in a period where we have reduced housing activity, where we have signs of consumer weakness, I'll say this, we have not enough comfort that we're going to change our guidance. 
Jeffrey Spector: I understand that, Joe. I guess I'm just asking, though, again, part of the issue in the last couple of years was pinning down seasonality trends, right? And I feel like it's important to have a grasp on that seasonality trends are back normal, so your operations and systems are running smoothly and you're confident in those systems. Is that not a fair way to think about it? 
Joseph Margolis: Yes. So I think if you look at, say, occupancy seasonality, and you look at the annual occupancy curve pre-COVID to what we've experienced last year and what we expect to experience this year, our system has taken a great deal of the seasonality in occupancy out of our performance. We will keep our stores at higher occupancy levels at all times of the year. And I think you see that in the first quarter this year, right? The bigger question is how much rate power do we have and can we push rates at those occupancy levels? 
Jeffrey Spector: And do you think we'll have a better feel when we see you at NAREIT, or again, could it be later in the summer like last year? 
Joseph Margolis: No, I think we get data every day, and we'll have more data and a better feel at NAREIT, and we'll have even more and a better feel in our next conference call, and we'll certainly keep all of our shareholders and interested parties up to date with what we know. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Wolfe with Citi. 
Eric Wolfe: If I look at the 165 stores added to the same-store pool this year, it looks like they're growing around 7%. And if you include the 2023 same-store pool, it looks like the 216 stores combined are going around 5%. So I was just wondering if the deceleration that you're predicting in your same-store revenue guidance is coming mainly from those stores just as occupancy comps get tougher through the year? Or is there something else that would be driving the deceleration? Or maybe you're just being conservative because it's early? But just trying to understand what would drive the deceleration to, call it, 1% same-store revenue to get you down to your midpoint? 
P. Stubbs: Eric, so the main driver of that is not the 165 stores. I mean, those stores actually increased our performance in the quarter. I think they added about 40 bps to our revenue growth in the quarter. Our revenue growth throughout the summer is impacted somewhat by our performance last year. Obviously, where you're coming off higher numbers, comps do get easier as you move throughout the year. But we are not seeing -- our current expectation, similar to when we gave our annual guidance is we're not expecting a major recovery from the housing market today. We're expecting things to kind of perform as they are today and not seeing a major rebound. And I think that's maybe one difference from what some other people have projected or thought. 
Eric Wolfe: That's helpful. And then, I guess, conversely, on your LSI guidance, you're expecting looks like around 3.25% same-store revenue growth for the rest of the year. Can you just talk about the timing of that acceleration from your 1Q numbers? Obviously, your occupancy did increase, I think, 200 bps at quarter end, so that should drive over 200 bps same-store revenue growth, but just curious what gets you the rest of the way there to that 3.25%? I mean, when would you expect to see that? 
P. Stubbs: Yes. So obviously, it's a range that we provided. So it will depend a little bit on where you are in that range. But the way we're viewing this is, as occupancy moves up to parity with the Extra Space stores, those rates will move up. So today, our Life Storage stores have rates that are 5% to 10% below our Extra Space stores, as they are growing faster. We saw very good rentals in the first quarter. We've continued to close that occupancy gap. We would expect that occupancy gap to be closed at some point during this rental season and then see the growth in the back half of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. 
Nicholas Yulico: First question is just can you give us a feel for how ECRI is trending year-to-date versus, let's say, the back half of last year? On a percentage basis? 
Joseph Margolis: So I would say, very similarly. I mean, we're constantly testing and trying new things. But overall, the program is very similar to the back half of last year. Customers are accepting ECRI at the same rates. And it's an effective tool for us to maximize revenue. 
Nicholas Yulico: And then in terms of -- maybe could you just elaborate a little bit further on that pricing strategy right now where it feels like it's been a heavily discounted promotional move in, web rate in some cases, and then you're trying to get that customer back up to a more normalized rate in a pretty quick time frame. Are you getting pushback from customers? I mean, what's sort of the feeling for that? And I guess I'm wondering, at some point, do you move away from that strategy as you get more comfortable with occupancy, and then that will help show improvement in move-in rates? How should we think about that? 
Joseph Margolis: Yes. So I mean, this strategy, you described it pretty well, right, for the web customer. They get a discounted rate, but no promotion, right, which is different than our peers, who offer many times promotions on the web. So the discounted rate, we do that because the data tells us these are the longer term and better customers, and that is the pricing package they react best to. We use ECRI to get them to street rate within a reasonable period of time. 
 We have a different structure for the customer who walks in the store. And our data tells us and our testing tells us this is a very effective strategy. And when the data tells us and the testing tells us we should evolve it to something else, then we will. But it's not in place for a fixed period of time or until we see something. One of the advantages of our scale is we can constantly have a few hundred stores here and there or running different tests. And when we see something that tells us we need to evolve our strategy, we will. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. 
Juan Sanabria: Just hoping you could talk a little bit about the transaction market. You guys have done some deals in the first quarter and then expected to close over the balance of the year. So maybe you could give us a little flavor for the going in and stabilized yields that you're underwriting to? 
Joseph Margolis: Sure. So the transaction market is pretty muted. There's still a significant bid-ask spread. There's not a lot of distress in storage, so sellers don't need to sell in general. We see a lot of transactions get put on the market and get pulled, particularly larger transactions. It seems there's less capital for big portfolios than there are for one-offs. So the transaction market is pretty quiet. We did close 7 deals in the first quarter, but one of those was a joint venture development and one was a CO deal. So those were agreed to some time ago. 
 We only approved. I think the better sense of the market is what's approved in a quarter, because the ones that closed might have been baked many, many, many months before. And we only approved 3 transactions in the first quarter. One was a remotely managed store and the initial cap rate was in the mid-6s. And then 2 developments where the development yield at a property level was in the high 8s and about 100 basis points higher to us because of the joint venture structure. So I mean, we'll do good deals like that when we see them, but there's not a lot of them in the market right now. 
Juan Sanabria: Great. And then just a bigger picture question. Maybe a little bit to Jeff's question earlier that you guys sound fairly optimistic, but the guidance doesn't necessarily call for any necessary reacceleration in the second half. But I guess, are you seeing signs at the different markets that individual markets are starting to reaccelerate at all? 
Joseph Margolis: So an advantage of our scale is how diversified we are and the exposure we have to many, many, many markets. And that's a purposeful portfolio of construction, because all of our data tells us that markets act differently. Not all markets move in the same direction. Even if you start to categorize markets by primary, secondary, tertiary, coastal, or whatever, they don't act with any correlation. And the reasons markets act differently is because of new supply situations, because of job growth and population, and because sometimes if the market does really well for a couple of years, as revenue growth over 20%, like we experienced in Atlanta, then the next year, it's not going to be so good. 
 So because we have this wide exposure, we absolutely have markets that are reaccelerating, and we have markets that are flat, and we have markets that are not doing as well. And I think we'll always be in that position. But this broad diversification smooths our volatility, if you will. And we are big believers in having exposure to as many good growth markets as we possibly can. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI. 
Samir Khanal: Maybe sticking to the last question here on markets. One market that sort of is lagging here is Florida. You look at Tampa, you look at Orlando. And I know that, looking at the integration of LSI, LSI had a big exposure to Florida. So I mean that occupancy gap is still about, I think, 180 to 200 basis points. How do you think about your ability to sort of close that gap given some of the dynamics in sort of Florida? 
Joseph Margolis: Yes. So great question. So yes, Florida, some of the markets in Florida are some of our weaker markets today. That's a good observation. That's partially because they did so well during COVID, and that's partially because of supply issues in some of those markets. But we're in this, and we did this merger for the long term. And over the long term, the Sunbelt markets, the Florida markets, and the population growth and the businesses that are moving there, we believe those are really good long-term markets. So yes, this quarter, some of those markets and maybe this year, some of those markets might be on the weaker side. But long term, we're really happy to have exposure down there. 
 A market like Houston and Chicago, which we also increased our exposure to do the Life transaction, those markets are doing really well. They're kind of on the top of the sheet now. So again, it's great to have exposure to lots of different markets, because they'll always be moving in different directions. 
Samir Khanal: I guess my second question is around ECRIs. That's still holding up clearly. I guess what does it take for the consumer behavior to sort of shift? Is it job growth at this point? I mean, job growth with nonfarm payroll is still pretty strong month-to-month. I mean, is it really job growth that will sort of crack that? I mean, just kind of what your thoughts are? 
Joseph Margolis: So when we talk about the consumer, I think we have to separate the existing tenant consumer and the new tenant consumer. The existing tenant consumer is really strong and really price insensitive. We're not moving out in the face of ECRI, bad debt is very low, lengths of stay are incrementally improving. The storage customer, once they become a storage customer, is really a strong, sticky customer. 
 We see more weakness in the new customer, the customer looking for storage. And that's where we see more price sensitivity. There's enough demand out there for us to capture more than our share and keep our stores at optimal occupancy, but it's the pricing strength that is an issue now. And I think we're at a period of time where we've had several quarters where inflation outpaced wage growth. The extra money that was pumped into the economy isn't there anymore. Savings rates are down. You have some weakness in the consumer, and that's what we're experiencing. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Anthony Peak: This is AJ on for Todd. Appreciate you guys taking the question. But first, just to piggyback off that last question. So vacates were down. But one of your peers noted that they saw a slight uptick in vacate activity and noted that there might be a normalization in the length of stay. You just noted that length of stay is incrementally improving. I'm curious, though, if you expect that to continue? Or do you see potential for vacate activity and the length of stay trends to normalize a bit moving forward? 
Joseph Margolis: Yes. So I probably explain that incorrectly. Length of stay is incrementally better than pre-COVID. It's worse than during COVID. We had that period where people just weren't leaving the stores. So overall, I'm looking at a longer period of time we're saying length of stay is incrementally improving. But it is clearly normalizing from COVID levels. Sorry if I wasn't clear enough on that. 
Anthony Peak: Yes, that clarification is helpful. And then transitioning just over to the structured finance book as that kind of continues to grow. So it seems like the demand for that product definitely seems strong today. How big are you comfortable with growing that to? And are you starting to see competition from others creating a more competitive environment for the bridge loan and mezz financing? 
Joseph Margolis: So we do see other people getting into the business. Some of our public peers have announced they want to get into this business. On the ground, we don't see competition yet. We're not losing loans. We don't hear people saying they're taking this to someone else to bid. But there's other lenders. There's competition for this business, just like there's competition for the management business or any other business we're in. And our job is to compete well, and that's what we're trying to do.  
 How big this can get? We have the ability to sell off the A notes in this structure. And that's a really good tool for us to be able to control how much of the balance sheet, how many of these loans we keep on the balance sheet. So we've picked up our guidance a little bit through this year as to what we expect to keep on the balance sheet, but we certainly have flexibility to move that number one way or another. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Keegan Carl with Wolfe Research. 
Keegan Carl: Maybe first just on LSI. I'd love to hear how the performance of the portfolio is trending relative to your expectations at the start of the year? And do you think you fully realize revenue synergies in this yet? 
Joseph Margolis: So I think LSI performance in the first quarter was as expected on target, so we were happy with that. And we still have, as of today, a 90 basis point occupancy gap. And depending on what metric you look at, what pool of stores you look at, anywhere from an 8% to 12% rate gap. So we still have wood to chop. I think the good news is the tools we need, the infrastructure we need in place to close those gaps is largely there, right? So the LSI store manager is now performing close to or at the level of an extra space store manager in terms of conversion rates and all the metrics we use, right? And that took some time to get there. 
 We've largely caught up on R&M and capital, and the stores look like an Extra Space store now in terms of cleanliness and repair, things like that. The LSI website is actually now faster than the Extra Space website. It was much slower when we bought it. So a lot of the customer acquisition metrics are improving. I'd say they're not all the way there yet for LSI, but improving. So we've made a lot of progress. We still have some wood to chop, and we still have some opportunity to capture. 
Keegan Carl: That's really helpful. And then I guess just shifting gears here a little bit. I know you guys don't necessarily break it out, but it would be helpful to maybe just understand how you expect your year-over-year occupancy delta to trend throughout the rest of this year? If anything might have changed from a few months ago? 
P. Stubbs: Yes. So we don't expect a significant occupancy delta for the entire year. Obviously, it's a component of your revenue, but we would expect it to be flat for most of the year, although we have been ahead some in the first quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Spenser Allaway with Green Street. 
Spenser Allaway: You guys have been successful with your revenue management strategy. But just thinking about how you had to cut moving rents fairly aggressively like peers. I'm just curious if you have a sense of how long, on average, based on the current cadence and magnitude of ECRIs, it would take you to get your new customer rent up to market level rents? 
Joseph Margolis: Yes. So I think there's a little bit of a misunderstanding baked into that question that we've cut rents more aggressively than our peers. And I think that comes from the web scraping data that is published and people see. When you look at that data, that's not adjusted for promotions. And we offer promotions. It's under 10% of our web customers get a first month free or a promotion like that. Where at our peers, it's the vast majority of their customers. So to compare our web rates to our peers' web rates, you have to adjust for promotions. And I think once you do that, you'll see we have not cut rates significantly more than our competitors. It's just not true. And our goal is, once someone comes in at a discounted rate, to get them to street rate within a reasonable period of time. And that may vary based on different factors, but within a reasonable period of time, they need to get the street rate. 
Spenser Allaway: And then you spoke about the progress you've made in closing the occupancy gap on the legacy LSI assets. But based on your growing knowledge of the LSI market, I'm just curious what you think is a sustainable long-term occupancy level for that portion of the portfolio? 
Joseph Margolis: Yes. So we had an 80% market overlap with LSI and Extra Space stores. So for 80% of the portfolio, it's the same. And we don't really target an occupancy level. Again, as we said earlier, it's just one factor that goes into the algorithm that is trying to maximize revenue. And it may be different in different types of markets based on customer behavior. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. 
Caitlin Burrows: I don't think this has been talked about yet. I just wanted to touch on the marketing spend. So can you talk about how you measure maybe the return on marketing spend and how long you expect this kind of level to sustain for? 
P. Stubbs: Yes, the first thing to look at here is really a marketing spend as a percentage of your revenues. If you look at our marketing spend as a percentage of revenues, we're still about 2%, which is still a very small component. On a year-over-year perspective, we get at the 23%, looks like a big number, but there's still a very positive yield. We look at the return on that spend in several different ways. It depends on where you're spending money, whether it's paper click, whether it's search engine optimization, or other areas. But we continue to have a very high return on that marketing spend, and it's a very small component of our expenses. 
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. And then maybe just thinking, I know you guys maximize revenue through both rate and occupancy. But as you think about maybe absolute rental rates, how much they've grown over the past few years, I guess, what kind of gives you confidence that there does continue to be upside to that rent per square foot number? 
P. Stubbs: So I think that -- what gives you confidence? I think the question was asked earlier, your guide versus your tone and where you are. I think we've seen positive things early in this year in terms of month-over-month rate increases. Now that's a positive. The negative is we're still negative to last year. So we are moving in the right direction. I think the leasing season will kind of be the real catalyst to say it was a great year or a good year or, hey, maybe it's still a little bit slow. So I think that it's really that June, July time frame when we're going to get a feel for that. But so far, occupancies held up sequentially, rate has improved, but it's still probably too early to really say, yes, it's been a good year so far. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ronald Camden with Morgan Stanley. 
Ronald Kamdem: The first one is just on housing. Can you sort of remind us what percent of your customers are coming in because of sort of home sales or the home activity and how you're thinking the demand is changing as rates have moved up? 
Joseph Margolis: Sure. So right now, about half of our customers, a little more, 51% of our customers tell us that they're moving. Now it doesn't mean they're buying a home, right? 45% of those 51% are moving from apartment to apartment. The peak of that was 61% in the third quarter of 2021. So we don't have enough data, right? We can only ask so many questions and have the tenant answer the surveys. My gut tells me fewer people are moving because they're buying a house, but more people are moving because they're renting house or because they're moving apartment to apartment or for other home transition reasons. So down somewhat from the peak, but still a meaningful portion of our customers. 
Ronald Kamdem: And then my second question was just on the guidance. There was a lot of moving pieces from sort of the first quarter, the initial guidance and the guidance that you gave today. I know you reiterated that interest costs are higher, interest income is also higher, and so forth. And then if I think about where you are in 1Q on the same-store NOI, whether it's a legacy EXR or LSI, it seems like the EXR portfolio needs to decelerate to get to the middle of the NOI guidance, while the LSI will accelerate. 
 I guess the question is really, was the lack of the raise -- yes, there's a peak leasing season aspect of it, too, but is it just there's so many pieces that are changing right now that it's hard to -- like the range of outcome is still so wide that it's hard to have conviction in raising? 
P. Stubbs: So we have not seen anything that is significantly different than what we saw 60 days ago. So that's really the catalyst for us not changing the guidance. In terms of the items that we did change, they were interest rate based, which we changed our SOFR assumption from 4.75% to 5.2%. That's based on the forward curve and when you obviously lock into that or update your guidance. And then we updated it for volume of bridge loans and a small change in our management fees. All of those netted to a very small delta, which caused your FFO to stay the same. But we really don't have the information yet to be able to give strong conviction that things are better or worse than what we originally estimated for our properties. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Luebchow with Wells Fargo. 
Eric Luebchow: I know you talked about the current gap between LSI and EXR for new customers, but any color you could provide on the gap between the in-place customer at those 2? How far apart they are? And how long you think it will take to get to kind of the target to hit your revenue synergies? 
P. Stubbs: You're talking the gap on specifically the Life Storage tenants. The negative roll down or which gap are you talking about? 
Eric Luebchow: I was talking about like the in-place rental rate per square foot gap. 
Joseph Margolis: So when we underwrote this deal, we looked at this in a number of different ways. And I think the most meaningful way is we found 109 Life Storage stores that had an Extra Space competitor of Life type, right, multistory climate control or whatever it was, similar type in the trade area, and we compared rates of those stores. And right now, that gap is about 8% between those stores. We also looked at it at a portfolio level and at market level and different -- but I think that kind of like-for-like store is the best comparison. 
Eric Luebchow: That's helpful. I know we touched on this in a few different questions. But as you look generally at the supply picture across many of your markets, do you think, based on construction starts, things will improve even more into 2025? And are there any markets that you'd highlight that still you think will continue to deal with elevated levels of supply, whether that's like a Phoenix, Atlanta, a few markets in Florida you touched on as well, that would be helpful. 
Joseph Margolis: Sure. So we look at supply by looking at our same-store pool and how many stores within our same-store pool will have new supply delivered. In the first quarter, 3% of our same-store pool stores had new supply delivered in their trade area. And that's kind of right on our estimate of 11%, 12%, 13% for the year. That's down 30% from 2023 deliveries. I think the headwinds to development, equity dollars, debt dollars, debt costs, construction costs, entitlement periods, all the things that are making the ability to put together a pro forma with rent growth in it, I think all of those items are going to continue to provide a headwind to self-storage development. There certainly are markets, Northern New Jersey, some of the Florida markets that do have new supply issues, and we'll have to work through those. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. 
Michael Mueller: I have a follow-up question on LSI and kind of a sequencing. You talked about potentially closing the occupancy gap this summer, and then kind of moving, closing the rate gap maybe in the second half of the year. And I guess the question is, when you're talking about closing the rate gap, are you talking about resetting pricing and then starting the process of letting them flow through the system, or say by year-end, you could be a parity in-place portfolio to in-place portfolio? 
P. Stubbs: Mike, it's really a combination of both. The first thing you had to move is the street rates or your achieved rate coming in. So it's at parity with the Extra Space. So the new customer would then be paying the same amount. Then the other differential in the achieved rate, or I mean in your rent per square foot that's at the store, that will come over time as we do existing customer rate increases. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Omotayo Okusanya with Deutsche Bank. 
Omotayo Okusanya: Yes. First question is just around ECRI. I'm taking a look at your revenues per occupied square foot kind of in the 20s. Again, so that means for a typical 10 x 10 unit, someone is paying like $220 a month, which isn't an insignificant bill. I mean, probably outside of your mortgage and your card payments, it's probably one of the higher bills one would be paying. So when I look at that, I just kind of ask, what is that ability to keep pushing ECRIs kind of 10%, 12%, 15% without that becoming such a huge piece of someone's monthly payments that they start to push back? 
Joseph Margolis: Yes. I'm not sure I agree with your thesis, right? It may be $200 for that unit, but what is your alternative. If it's move from a 2-bedroom to a 3-bedroom apartment, that delta is probably greater than what you're paying for the unit. I also think it's important to realize that our tenants consistently underestimate how long they're going to stay for. So maybe $200 a month, but normally staying 6 or 7 months. It's not a permanent drag on your monthly budget. And then they end up staying much longer, but that's a different thing. So I don't think we're -- this is a flexible, convenient, important and relatively affordable option for people. And I don't think we're at that point yet where we're capped out on rate. 
Omotayo Okusanya: Fair enough. That's helpful. And then my second question, if you would allow me. Again, the past 10 years, technology has been such a big game changer in the industry. Could you help us think about the next 10 years, whether it's AI or kind of what are you seeing that drops that helps lower customer acquisition costs, that helps lower cost of operation? And how quickly can we kind of see some of that stuff get implemented and kind of hit your overall numbers? 
Joseph Margolis: Yes. So I mean I think we're seeing it now, and we'll continue to see it, because your thesis is right, like technology and AI are going to change things drastically. We used and tested AI in several parts of our business. Sometimes it worked well, sometimes it didn't. We'll continue to help us at the call center, on the web, in all sorts of data analytics. And we are striving to find the right combination of people and technology to run our stores. And we think over time, that will help us optimize that expense. So you're right, the last 10 years have shown a lot of change and a lot of efficiencies through technology, and I expect the next 10 years to be the same. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. 
Ki Bin Kim: Just want to go back to your bridge loan program. You obviously announced a pretty major increase in the pipeline. Just curious if you can provide more color on where this demand is coming from? And just high level, I mean, the rates are a bit higher, 9%. So what is the kind of profile of the customer that would come to you guys for this type of loans? 
Joseph Margolis: So I think it's customers that have expensive equity partners that want to get cashed out, folks that don't think this is the greatest sales market where there's been value created. We talk about the benefits of the Life Storage transaction. One benefit we don't really talk about is we were introduced to a whole new group of partners we didn't have relationships with. 
 So we've closed or have under term sheet $239 million worth of bridge loans. With LSI Partners, we had no relationship with before closing. And I'm off topic now, but we have signed 30 management contracts, new management contracts with LSI partners we have relationships with. So part of the increase in our bridge loan volume is we have all these new relationships now we got through the merger, and we're doing a lot of business with them. 
Ki Bin Kim: And that was actually part of my second question. Do the vast majority of these come with management contracts? The management contracts can obviously be terminated, but is there a sense that the management contract lifetime can exceed the bridge loan maturities? 
Joseph Margolis: So 100% of our bridge loans, we manage the property. We will not make a loan on a property we don't manage for risk control and economic reasons. So yes, they all come with management contracts. And the management contracts can be canceled. That hardly ever happens. It hardly ever happens if someone cancels a public or a cube contract that comes to us. People don't move like that. If we're a good manager, we produce good results that we're going to have these relationships and manage these properties after the bridge loan is gone, unless we end up buying the property, which is also nice. 
Ki Bin Kim: And second question on CapEx. Can you just provide some color? I know you don't really disclose it on the maintenance CapEx you spent in 2023 and what we should expect in 2024, obviously, excluding development or whatever solar projects you might have? 
P. Stubbs: Ki Bin, our maintenance CapEx has typically been about $0.65 a square foot, and we would expect it to be pretty similar in 2024. 
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Joe Margolis for closing remarks. 
Joseph Margolis: Great. Thank you. Thanks, everyone, for your time and your interest in Extra Space. I hope you could tell, we're off to a good start. We're really excited about the rest of the year. We can't control all the variables. We can't control the housing market and the customer. But what we can control, we do very well. We have the platform and the people to take advantage and optimize whatever the external situation is. So I hope everyone has a great day, and thank you for your time. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-28 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Extra Space Storage Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Jeff Norman, Senior Vice President, Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Norman: Thank you, Liz. Welcome to Extra Space Storages fourth quarter 2023 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, February 28, 2024. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. Id now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Jeff, and thank you, everyone, for joining todays call. We had a solid fourth quarter where we focused on optimizing the performance of the recently added Life Storage assets while maximizing the performance of the legacy Extra Space locations. We were also very productive on the external growth front adding another 74 third-party managed stores, 8 stores through acquisition and $129 million in bridge loans. Operationally, the Extra Space same-store pool maintained high occupancy and solid in-place rents, driving same-store revenue growth of 0.8% for the quarter. Core FFO in the quarter was $2.02 a share and full year core FFO was $8.10 per share. On our last call, we outlined that in order to reach the high end of our guidance range we would need achieved rates to new customers to improve on a year-over-year basis. While demand was steady and allowed us to maintain strong occupancy, it was not strong enough to eliminate negative new customer rates, which remained at approximately negative 10% during the quarter. As a result, we faced the headwind of higher negative churn, and our full year performance was near the midpoints of our same-store and FFO ranges. Turning to Life Storage. One of the factors in our merger decision was our belief that we could enhance Life Storage property performance through our more sophisticated platform. Seven months removed from closing, we are happy to report that our assumptions have proved true. Customer acceptance of rent increases has been in line with our expectations, and we are seeing the net rent per square foot for legacy Life Storage customers move closer to that of nearby Extra Space locations. Occupancy is also responding positively and we saw the occupancy gap between the LSI and Extra Space Storage same-store pools tightened through the quarter, improving from a gap of 350 basis points at the beginning of the fourth quarter to a gap of 250 basis points at year-end. Today, that gap has tightened further and is approximately 200 basis points. The occupancy improvement together with the benefit of existing customer rent increases resulted in Legacy LSI same-store revenue growth of 1.8%, an acceleration of 80 basis points over the third quarter growth rate. However, similar to the Extra Space properties, we continue to see new customer price sensitivity at the Life Storage locations, resulting in lower-than-anticipated new customer rates. So while we are achieving the anticipated incremental outperformance we expected for the Life Storage assets, reaching full property level synergies is taking longer than anticipated due to current market conditions, which we know will eventually normalize. The current level of demand also influences our outlook for 2024. We are encouraged by our rental velocity, occupancy levels, existing customer health, length of stay and the potential benefits of moderating new supply. However, these factors have not yet led to material improvement in new customer rates. We are confident we can hold strong occupancy and generally maintain current revenue levels, but we believe it will be difficult to drive a reacceleration in revenue growth until we regain pricing power with new customers. We are seeing some positive signs that we are getting closer. And given our strong occupancy levels, when pricing power returns, we are very well positioned to push rates quickly. We just have not seen enough progress to date to feel confident this inflection will be in time for the 2024 leasing season or to include this scenario in our guidance. So, while the industry as a whole will likely face headwinds from lower new customer rates in the near term, the long-term outlook for our sector and for Extra Space specifically remain bright. Storage has consistently proven to be a remarkably durable asset class and Extra Space Storage has the largest and most diverse portfolio in the industry. New supply continues to moderate and the headwinds to future new development are substantial and increasing. We have very strong third-party management and bridge loan pipelines and a robust joint venture program and I am confident in our ability to further scale our capital-light growth activities. We expect to outsize relative growth from our LSI assets in 2024 and with additional synergies to be unlocked as the rental environment improves. And as I mentioned, our occupancy today is over 93% at what is normally our low point for the year. Once demand improves, we are very well positioned to capture it. I will now turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe. And hello, everyone. Our results were generally in line with our expectations with a few exceptions. As Joe already covered, lower new customer rates caused revenue growth to come in modestly below our internal estimate. The revenue mix was partially offset by lower-than-expected property taxes. We also had a beat from G&A savings, partially offset by lower than modeled tenant insurance. All of our other income and expense line items were generally in line with our forecast. As of January 1, we have completed the migration of the Life Storage customers to our tenant insurance program, and we believe we will achieve $16 million in synergies from tenant insurance, exceeding our original estimate by $4 million in 2024. Our G&A run rate from Q4 and is lower than our expected 2024 full year run rate as we continued hiring during the fourth quarter, and we have some G&A seasonality. We now expect to realize 2024 G&A synergies of $39 million, an increase of $16 million over our original forecast of $23 million. Turning to the balance sheet, we completed a $600 million bond offering in the fourth quarter and another $600 million bond offering in the first quarter of 2024. We have used the proceeds from these offerings to pay off the $1 billion variable rate bridge loan we obtained in conjunction with the closing of Life Storage. Our only remaining 2024 loan maturities can be extended at our option, and we have plenty of dry powder if opportunities arise in the market. In last nights earnings release, we provided our 2024 outlook for both the Extra Space and legacy Life Storage same-store pools. We have provided wider same-store revenue and NOI ranges to capture the different scenarios we believe are possible given the unusual 2023 comparables and uncertainty around new customer pricing. With interest rates potentially remaining higher for longer, our guidance does not assume a material improvement in the housing market during the summer leasing season. For the EXR same-store pool, our same-store revenue guidance is negative 2% to positive 0.5%. Our expense growth range is 4% to 5.5% driven by marketing, insurance and property taxes resulting in an NOI range of negative 4.25% to negative 0.5%. For the legacy LSI same-store pool, we expect stronger property-level growth with same-store revenue ranging from 2% to 4.5%. We expect outsized expense growth at the LSI stores in 2024, especially in the first half of the year. This will be driven by higher payroll as we have brought the LSI stores back to full staffing levels. We expect additional expense pressure on repairs and maintenance, property taxes and property insurance, resulting in a range of 6.25% to 7.75% yielding a life storage same-store NOI range of negative 0.25% to positive 4%. Our core FFO range for 2024 is $7.85 and to $8.15 per share and assumes the full year impact of the shares and debt added through the Life Storage merger. And with that, Liz, lets open it up for questions
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America.
Lizzy Doykan: Hi, this is Lizzy on for Jeff. Just I guess going back to Joes opening comments on not really having the confidence right now to include a scenario on pushing new rates more quickly and not assuming a rebound in housing. So I guess, if you could provide color on what your assumptions are for new move-in rates and how that should trend thats leading to the lower end versus the higher end of the same-store rev guide, that would be helpful.
Joe Margolis: So our guidance is really revenue based and new move-in rates to customers are one component were a little agnostic between occupancy and new move-in rate and ECRI program and promotions and all the various components that go into the revenue assumptions that produce our guidance. As I said and you indicated, we dont see enough now to guide to a strong rebound in the housing market in time for the leasing season. We still see price sensitivity from new customers, although rental demand is good, and weve had a really good start to this year. We dont think interest rates are going to go down in time to have a material impact on the leasing season. So while we dont have a crystal ball, we thought a reasonably prudent guidance would be not to assume that rebound.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, Lizzy, maybe to add a little bit more color to Joes comments, our guidance, the base case assumes that we do have sequential rate growth on a month over month basis from now into our leasing season, but just not enough to necessarily close that negative gap that were experiencing today.
Lizzy Doykan: Okay. Thats helpful. And as my follow-up question, we just noticed that the assumption on the SOFR curve driving interest expense within guidance. It seems a bit aggressive just based on where SOFR sits today. So could you just walk through kind of your outlook on rates and whats embedded in guidance in terms of debt and refi activity? Thanks.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So as we were preparing our guidance and preparing our annual budget, the SOFR curve was moving around pretty quite a bit. We saw moving almost every day. So we picked a point in time that had an average of 4.75. That was approved probably 1.5 weeks ago is when we finalized and we figure it will move throughout the year, but thats the assumption we made in our guidance.
Lizzy Doykan: Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Lizzy.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Michael Goldsmith with UBS.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. My first question is just on the kind of the strategy of increasing occupancy and cutting street rate and then using ECRI as a lever to drive rent growth. Has that held up, has that strategy been effective through the quarter? And then along with that, can you talk a bit about just the customers reception to ECRIs? Has that changed at all?
Joe Margolis: Sure, Michael. So our strategies are designed to maximize long-term revenue, not to maximize incoming rate or any other metric. And all the testing we do  that we constantly do shows that to lean into occupancy a little more, lean into acquiring web customers at lower rates because they tend to be the longer-term customers and rely on ECRI produces the best long-term revenue growth. Customers acceptance of ECRI has not changed at all. We monitor that every month as we send out ECRI notices, and we have not seen any increase in customers vacating the stores because of ECRI. So we believe this strategy is both valid and working.
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you for that. My follow-up is just on the  is on the Life Storage portfolio. Can you kind of  it sounds like the stuff that you can control within the integration and the environment has been working well. Its kind of some of the stuff that is plaguing the industry, which is kind of the slower demand and also just the pressure on rates is kind of weighing on the ability to generate synergies, is that right? And then does that kind of change the path to generate the synergies that you expected, whereas like it will not necessarily be generating them all in 2024, but it may require kind of a multi-year process to reach that kind of synergy number that you had initially thought of. Thanks.
Joe Margolis: Yes, its a great question. And I think its accurate assessment of whats going on. The things we control, like G&A and tenant insurance, were not only working, but working better, as Scott pointed out in his comments, than underwritten. And were not done there. Were going to continue to look for further savings in those areas. Were outbidding contracts to get savings from the greater scale that we have now. Were going to continue to work real hard to improve on those numbers. Whats also working is that the Life Storage properties do perform better and are trending better on our systems. But the headwind that we face that we dont control is the market conditions, and that is slowing down the achievement of the full underwritten property synergies. So two things are going to happen. The mix of what contributes to the targeted synergies is going to change, and theres going to be less near-term contribution from the properties and more near-term contribution from the other aspects. And depending on where you are in our guidance, it potentially could not occur until after this year. At the high end of our guidance, well get real close, and at the lower end of our guidance, well fall somewhat short.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Todd Thomas: Hi, thanks. First, I just wanted to see if you can talk a little bit more about the differences that youre forecasting for same-store revenue growth between the EXR and LSI portfolios. If you can expand a little bit on the primary drivers behind those differences and discuss trends that youre seeing in occupancy and any differences in move-in rates for those two portfolios.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Hey Todd, its Scott. So a couple of things, one is the occupancy delta. So mid-summer last year you were 400 basis points difference between the two pools. When we ended the year, we are 250 basis points different. Today, were about 200 basis points different. Through February, weve continued to increase occupancy at the Life Storage properties at a time when we were clearing up some auctions, so during the fourth quarter, we had quite a few auctions there, and so you had more churn than is normally happening. On the positive side, at those stores, we have seen customers accept the ECRIs and they have actually moved out at a slightly lower rate than the Extra Space customers receiving ECRIs. So thats the good news. The thing that has been a bit of a headwind has been the current market conditions. And so we do expect the occupancy gap to close here in this rental season, and we expect to start closing the rate gap also. Today, their stores are priced as much as 10% lower than the Extra Space stores. And as that occupancy gap closes, we would expect to close that gap also.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then it sounded like, I think, Joe, you said that youre encouraged by the rental activity and what youre seeing so far early in the year? Are you able to provide an update on January and February occupancy and move-in rate trends?
Joe Margolis: Yes. The occupancy as of today is 93.1 on the Extra Space same-store pool. And so good news, occupancy delta at the end of the year was a negative delta of 110 basis points. Today, its a positive 40 basis point delta, so strong rentals in the month of January. Now, the  maybe the downside of that is it has come a bit at the expensive rate, our new customer rate, weve still found some pushback on rate. Rates in the fourth quarter were down 10%, as mentioned in the prepared remarks, during January, February, theyre down about 17%. But to add some context to that, we pushed rates really hard last year. And so we have actually increased rates again this year, December through the end of February, but just not as much as we pushed them last year. So good news is the occupancy is moving in the right direction or at a time of year when youre usually losing occupancy, but it is coming at the expense of new customer rate.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And thats for the EXR legacy same-store that youre referring to?
Joe Margolis: Im referring to actually the new same-store pool, which is slightly different, but the old same-store pool occupancy moved almost the exact same. And thats the Extra Space same-store pool. The life storage legacy pool, the occupancy delta, as I mentioned, as of today, is about 200 basis points, as opposed to at the end of December, it was 250 basis points.
Todd Thomas: Okay, thats helpful. Okay. Does the change in the same-store pool for either EXR LSI have any expected meaningful impact?
Joe Margolis: So theres not going to be any change in the LSI pool. Were keeping it the exact same. The Extra Space pool, the benefit in revenues this year is going to be about 40 to 50 basis points, similar to what weve seen in the past. And the occupancy delta, as of today, about 30 basis points of that delta is being generated by the change in pool. So its moved between December and today about 140, 150 basis points and 30 basis points of that is due to the change in pool.
Todd Thomas: Okay, great. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI.
Samir Khanal: Hi. Good morning, everyone. I guess, Scott, can I ask you to comment on expenses? The midpoint is 4.75%, but help us through, think through the various line items.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So the Extra Space pool, the midpoint 4.75% includes an increase of payroll that is inflationary to slightly plus, but call it, 3%. Biggest line item in terms of dollar increase is marketing, which includes its upper teens in terms of increase year-over-year. And were expecting to continue to have to spend on the marketing we saw that increase as we moved through 2023. Property taxes are between 2% and 3% and then tenant insurance is the biggest line item with closer to 20%, Im sorry, property and casualty insurance is closer to 20%.
Samir Khanal: Okay, got it. And just switching gears here, maybe on revenue growth, maybe comment on kind of what youre seeing, maybe in the New York region. I looked at your sort of top three markets, LA and Atlanta, holding up versus maybe New York, down about 150 bps sequentially. So maybe give a bit more color on kind of the New York-New Jersey market. Thanks.
Joe Margolis: Sure. So the New York-New Jersey, MSA market is, I think its being driven down or negatively impacted by Northern New Jersey. So if you look at the borough, the borough continues to outperform our portfolio as it has for the last three or four quarters. New York was laggard for a while, and now New York markets rotate, and now New York is performing very well. But Northern New Jersey in particular is dragging down the overall MSA performance.
Samir Khanal: Okay, thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Samir.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. Hi, everyone. In terms of the move-in, move-out rates, thats very helpful in the disclosure. Can you just give us a feel for how youre thinking about that sequential benefit, which you did cite, some sequential benefit expected in the move-in rates this year? Is it going to be a similar shape to last year, how it played out in terms of looking at, say, mid-year move in rates versus the ending fourth quarter rates in 2022?
Scott Stubbs: We would expect it to be somewhat of a bell curve with less negative churn in the summer months than today. This is kind of the depths of that negative churn, end of the year till end of February. And thats that negative 35% that you saw in our subs. But we would expect it to go more similar. And we hope to get rate power. We hope to flatten that out somewhat.
Nick Yulico: Okay, great. Thanks, Scott. Just one other question on the $0.20 dilution from acquisitions and such, is that relating to something more than the $250 million of acquisitions in the guidance, is there some impact from last year? Just seems a lot for like a about a $44 million overall number. So I just wanted to make sure I understood what that related to.
Scott Stubbs: This is the  sorry, sorry, Joe. This is the impact of last years lease up assets, including certificate of occupancy and this year. So its things that arent in the same-store pool, basically.
Nick Yulico: Okay, perfect. Appreciate it. Thanks.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Spenser Allaway with Green Street.
Spenser Allaway: Hi, can you guys hear me?
Joe Margolis: Yes, we can, Spenser.
Spenser Allaway: Im sorry. Yeah, my audio cut out. Thank you. Maybe we could just circle back to expense management, again, just given the environment and there being minimal new customer demand. How important do you view marketing aggressively right now when customers are presumably making storage decisions based on proximity and price?
Joe Margolis: So I just want to clarify. Theres not minimal new customer demand. Were still renting an awful lot of units every month. Its just that the price sensitivity of those customers is such that were not successful in pushing prices. Marketing spend  Im sorry?
Spenser Allaway: No, no, I was going to say thats a fair point. So thank you for the clarification.
Joe Margolis: Sure. So marketing spend, which is only about 2% of revenue, we really look at as an investment. Were happy to spend or willing to spend the marketing dollars as long as we can get an ROI in those dollars. And we have a metric that we use to make sure were getting a good return on every marketing dollar we spend.
Spenser Allaway: Okay. Thank you. And then can you comment on how the cost of marketing in terms of Google clicks and ad space today compares with historical norms? Just trying to understand how that fares relative to historic norms. And trying to understand if some of the increase in marketing is just due to higher absolute cost of advertising versus maybe the amount youre advertising versus last year.
Joe Margolis: It is slightly higher. Thats certainly a factor. We also are using Sparefoot more than we have in the past. It was a lesson we learned from the LSI merger and that has a slightly higher cost.
Spenser Allaway: Okay. Thanks. And then maybe just one last one, if I can. Just looking at your marketing performance, can you just  market performance, excuse me, can you just comment on what was driving the expense cut in your Chicago market?
Scott Stubbs: Its property tax appeals, so its successful appeals. And so you had negative expense effectively in some of those stores.
Spenser Allaway: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Spenser.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Spenser.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Eric Wolfe with Citi.
Eric Wolfe: Hey, thanks. You mentioned that LSI rates were getting a bit closer to legacy EXR in the same submarkets, but still 10% below. Just curious, if you achieve your guidance for this year, it sounds like maybe youd still have another call at 8% or 9% on rate to get to a similar level. Is that the right way to think about it?
Scott Stubbs: So depending on where you are in the range of that, rates do go up and we do assume that theyll move in the right direction. And we are seeing that as you move throughout the year, the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter is a normal time when you do see rent per square foot tick down, thats not odd. You saw that in the portfolio. It was also impacted a bit by some of the churn from auctions. But as we move into January, February, we are seeing that rent gap continue to close and move in the right direction.
Eric Wolfe: Okay. And then in your January slide deck, you shared that 62% of customers are staying longer than 12 months, 45% longer than two years. Was just curious what type of ECRIs these customers are getting versus shorter duration customers. Obviously, as moving rates have gone down, the cost goes up. So trying to understand if the magnitude of difference between those longer duration versus short duration customers is changing.
Joe Margolis: So the shorter duration customers will typically get a larger ECRI if they came in on some type of promotional or introductory rate. And after that, the longer-term customers typically will get a smaller percentage increase because were just trying to get them to Street rate.
Eric Wolfe: Okay. And then maybe just one last clarification. Did you say in response to the prior question, that $0.20 of dilution from C of O value add acquisitions was really just from the prior year, because if you kind of just take your share count times that $0.20, its sort of like $45 million. Just try and understand how youd get to that level of dilution based on the amount of acquisitions that you just referenced.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So that actually comes from multiple years. So some of those C of Os are from 2022 C of Os, 2023 C of Os, 2024 C of Os, certificate of occupancy deals. Its basically as they get up to the run rate of a stabilized property. And so its not just 2024 dilution and 2024 adds, its multiple year. All were trying to show there is the potential upside if we were to stop adding to that portfolio or to that pool of properties.
Eric Wolfe: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Keegan Carl with Wolfe Research.
Keegan Carl: Yeah. Thanks for the time, guys. Maybe first, just what are you guys currently seeing in the transaction market that gives you confidence in your target? And where are you seeing stabilized cap rates at today?
Joe Margolis: So most of our guidance towards acquisition is already identified and under contract. I think we only have about $50 million in unidentified and I think between now and the end of the year, well find $50 million. And if it makes sense, well find more. And if it doesnt make sense, we wont do it, right? We have plenty of capital, but were only going to do things that are accretive to our shareholders. Market cap rate, I think, is a very difficult discussion. Transaction volume is very low, transactions that we see close seem to have a story to them. The last property in a closed-end fund or a family where something happened to the patriarch or matriarch on the property. There doesnt seem to be enough transactions where you can really say this is a market cap rate. So its a very difficult thing, and I wouldnt want to put a number on it.
Keegan Carl: Got it. Thats fair. And Im going to sound like a broken record here on this one. Im going to ask another question about the Storage Express deal. So I know when you guys initially mentioned you were going to swap some stores between that platform and your Extra Space platform. Im just curious what youve learned so far and if we can expect some more assets, especially from the LSI portfolio to be added to this platform in 2024?
Joe Margolis: Yes. I think we will see more changes in Extra Space Storage Express and Life Storage stores as we learn how best to optimize revenue and then optimize NOI at these stores. And were really trying to learn what is the mix of size of the store, rent per square foot population saturation, distance from another one of our branded stores, prime rates in the area, lots and lot driving distances, lots and factors that we can optimize NOI with a store that has  is fully staffed, that is partially staffed or that is managerless if you will. And as we learn those lessons, well apply it not only to our existing portfolio, but to our acquisition strategy.
Keegan Carl: Are you willing to share any sort of quantification of performance on stores you would have shifted from one platform to another? Is it too early to tell?
Joe Margolis: I mean the only thing Im really willing to share because some of this, I think, is secret sauce. Is Storage Express had some stores that were fairly large, right? Their average store size was 36,000 square feet, half of our average store size. They had some stores that were 80,000 square feet. And we didnt  those stores dont make any sense to work on a manager list basis.
Keegan Carl: Got it. Fair enough. Thanks guys.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Ronald your line is now open.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Two quick ones from me. So the first is, I just want to understand the comments on the ECRIs. So it sounds like theres been sort of no change in magnitude for sort of frequency. Just want to make sure I understand that correctly. And then how should we think about the first half versus second half of the year cadence as youre going through the same-store?
Joe Margolis: So theres  in general, theres no  we havent made any change in frequency for ECRI. Where  that being said, were always testing things. So there are outliers. And what was the second question?
Scott Stubbs: The cadence. And Ron, I think the best way to look at that is it depends a little bit on where you are in the guidance. So if you are at the bottom end of the guidance, that obviously is going to imply that youre negative for longer  midpoint, youre negative. Even at the top end of guidance, it does imply that you do stick slightly negative for a period of time. But I think in none of those scenarios do we have kind of the Nike Swoosh [ph], so to speak, where you see rapid acceleration. And the concept there is, we have so many customers moving in each month at lower rates that it does take some time to move those rates up and to really start seeing that accelerate. So even if you did get pricing power this summer, the benefit of those pricing  of those customers wouldnt necessarily impact you until later in the year as they got rate increases and into next year.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. And then my second one, if I may. I think one of your competitors made an interesting comment that theyd actually already seen some of their markets start to accelerate and that maybe the markets that went up higher during COVID were taking a little bit sort of longer. And I guess Im curious, as youre thinking about your portfolio, you guys have been much more successful peers pushing pricing. Can you comment around is there a sort of are different markets in different stages? And have you seen some already maybe start to turn around and pick up? Thanks.
Joe Margolis: So, I think different markets are always in different stages, right? I commented earlier on New York being above portfolio performer in 2023, and it was below in 2021 and 2020. Florida was a great market for prior years, and Florida is having more difficulty now. And its one reason that we believe in a highly diversified portfolio because we want to have exposure to all sorts of markets, markets that are accelerating, decelerating, more flat. Markets that have no exposure to new development, have more exposure to new development or coming out of the development cycle. And by having a highly diversified portfolio, and our portfolio got more diversified with this merger, we think well smooth out our returns. So I dont know if I can identify a major market thats accelerating. We certainly have markets like Los Angeles that are still doing very well. But I dont know of a major market thats accelerating.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Thats it for me. And we appreciate the new move in disclosures. That was helpful.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Ron.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi. So hopefully two quick ones here. First, how far through the planned LSI, ECRIs are you? And then on the investment front for the COs [ph] and lease up acquisitions, are you seeing more opportunities on, I guess, maybe somewhat busted developments or on just new, brand new ground up investments?
Joe Margolis: So weve completed the ECRI program for all LSI customers who were customers at closing.
Michael Mueller: Okay.
Joe Margolis: So theyre now on the normal site. As new customers come in, theyll be on the normal program. I dont think weve seen many busted developments or developments that arent leasing up as well. Theyre disappointed developments that look like really attractive opportunities to us, yet I dont think thats meaningful.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Eric Luebchow with Wells Fargo.
Eric Luebchow: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Could you comment a little bit on the dual brand strategy if youre seeing any top of funnel benefits from operating LSI and EXR separately in some of your markets, or if extra operating expenses make that too complicated or costly in terms of operations?
Joe Margolis: Yes, sure. Thank you for the question. So the premise of the dual brand strategy was that by having more digital real estate. We would get more clicks and therefore more rentals, and that would pay for the incremental cost of running two brands. So if you think of the Google landscape in three pieces, theres the paid section and we absolutely are having more digital real estate and more clicks there and thats because we pay for it. So thats easy. We knew that would happen. And then the local section in the map, where the map appears, we are seeing more presence there, and thats continuing to improve over time. So that seems to be working as planned. And then the last section, the SEO [ph] section or the organic section, takes time, right. When we buy an individual property, it takes time for us to get that property up to the Extra Space organic standards. So thats moving in the right direction. But we really need more time to see where well end up. And if that trade off of more clicks, more rentals, is revenue positive.
Eric Luebchow: Okay. I appreciate that. Just one follow-up on the guide, and I know Scott touched on this. So the G&A guide of 180 million plus, I know you had some seasonality in your Q4, but you were at a run rate of around 160 million annualized. And maybe you could just kind of help us bridge those two numbers when well see kind of more of the G&A cost synergies that you touched on really flow into the P&L from the G&A side? Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: So the synergies are assuming that the $180 million and not the lower number, the number that you saw in the fourth quarter, they would have been even greater than the 39 million that we referred to if we were able to achieve the fourth quarter run rate. Now, that doesnt mean were done there. I think that were going to continue to look for opportunities. That number in the fourth quarter was just a fair amount under due to some transition of employees and hiring and timing. And when we brought things on, as well know there is some seasonality to our G&A with the fourth quarter not being the highest quarter.
Eric Luebchow: All right. Thank you both.
Joe Margolis: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Truist.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Good morning. Just going back to the street rates, I know this is just one variable to the whole equation, but I was curious at the midpoint of your guidance, what youre implying for street rates for the year in 2024?
Scott Stubbs: So its difficult to break it out exactly. I think that we are saying we dont expect to get significant growth in street rates. They will be the midpoint. We do expect occupancy to be relatively flat. But we dont feel like its helpful to necessarily break those out since theres one component of the total model, but we are not expecting significant street rate power this year.
Ki Bin Kim: But Im guessing you probably expect it to reach flat year-over-year at some point in the second half. Is that fair to assume?
Scott Stubbs: Sequentially, we do expect them to go up month-over-month. I think it will depend a little bit on how this leasing season goes. I think that we were disappointed last year. We were at a point last year where we raised rates significantly January through March. And then the leasing season came and the housing, the lack of home sales, I think, impacted last year. And so I think that were a little gun shy and dont want to make that mistake again.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And the second question on your bridge loans, you guys are guiding for a pretty substantial increase in activity. Also curious if you can provide some color around kind of implied valuation cap rates or LTVs, just to get a better sense of what those deals look like?
Joe Margolis: Yes. So part of the increase in bridge loan balances is our plan to hold more of the whole notes and not sell as many A notes. Now that can change as the year unfolds. But the whole bridge loan now is 8.5% to 9%. So we dont feel thats a bad use of capital at this point. The fundamentals of the loans are unchanged. We still will end up to 80% of our underwritten value will take operating reserve and interest reserve thats a recourse obligation to a creditworthy entity. So we know that theres capital to pay the debt service and operate the property. We require that we manage the property. We require an interest rate cap, which is less important now than when we started the program. So the fundamentals of the loan program havent changed.
Ki Bin Kim: And you do have a pretty sizable maturity in the bridge loan program in 2025. Whats the base case scenario? Is that those become kind of rolled over and extended? Or do they truly mature and we should just model in some decreases in interest income?
Joe Margolis: Im not sure there is a base case. I mean were going to handle every loan as it comes up, and I think some will extend, some will get paid off and some will buy the collateral. And grow, I think the attractiveness of the product will remain, and we should continue to be able to make new loans to backfill ones that are maturing in some way or another.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you guys.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Ki Bin.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, everyone. Maybe could you give us some more color on new supply expectations for deliveries this year, but also what are you seeing on starts, timing of construction and how that impacts your longer-term view?
Joe Margolis: So our data which we look at for our properties, not for the overall development landscape is pretty encouraging. We see about a 30% drop in Extra Space same-store pools that will be affected by new development in 2024. And when you look at all our wholly owned stores, its even a larger drop, almost 40%. So new development isnt going away, we still have to  the market still has to lease up the ones that were delivered in prior years, but the environment is certainly getting better.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Okay. And then maybe just one more to follow up on move-in rate topics, which has been talked about a lot. Im wondering if you could just comment on how you expect either EXR and/or the industry to regain pricing power with new customers? Is it housing market related and you need that to pick up? I know you mentioned marketing spend will be up, but what makes this new customer pricing power improve? And is there anything you can do to help it.
Joe Margolis: So the housing market certainly will help, but its not the sole driver of demand for self-storage. I think just people moving more, whether right now, almost half of the people who tell us their storing because theyre moving or moving apartment to apartment. So more transition is just good. The single-family home rental business, the more that grows, I think thats great. That helps people move in and out of homes without having to buy them without having to worry about a mortgage. So a strong economy is always better than a weak economy and all indications are now that were going to have more of a soft landing than a recession. So I think all of those things can help improve customer demand.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Caitlin
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Robin Haneland [ph], filling in for Juan. I just wanted to follow up on how you expect move-out and move-in spreads to trend throughout the year? And what is the spread for Life Storage? And how do you expect that spread to trend?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So we focus as much on occupancy as we do move ins and move outs, and Ill give you an example. I mean, Life Storage in the quarter and the fourth quarter elevated move-outs due to the auctions, but they also had elevated move-ins. So were managing probably more to occupancy than we are moving ins to move-outs, and we are assuming that occupancy is fairly flat throughout this year. On the Extra Space same-store pool, the Life Storage pool, we would expect to close that gap. So we would expect move-ins to be higher than move-outs.
Unidentified Analyst: And do you feel like youre ready to reengage in sort of larger external growth at this point? Or are you still focused internally on executing Life Storage?
Joe Margolis: So were absolutely focused on achieving our goals with the Life Storage portfolio. We are also very focused on the testing and efforts were making with respect to remote management. I think that will be another big point. We will grow our management business significantly this year. We added not including the LSI assets, we added 225 new managed stores last year. Thats the most weve ever added in a year and we have a very significant and robust pipeline there. Weve talked about the bridge loan program. Well continue to grow that. And I think our joint venture partners were somewhat quiet in 2023, but theres indications that, that will turn around, and thats great capital-light accretive growth for us. And well certainly get back into that business. So were in a position to take advantage of whatever growth that is both strategic and accretive and were not afraid to do so.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Robin.
Operator: That concludes todays question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the call back to Joe Margolis for closing remarks.
Joe Margolis: Great. Thank you. Lots of questions about the overall environment and what our assumptions were for them. And I cant tell you whether our assumptions are right or wrong. But I do have an extraordinary amount of confidence that no matter what the market conditions our platform and our people are in a position to maximize our performance and take advantage of whatever occurs in the market. So thank you all for your time today, and thank you for your interest in Extra Space.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-08 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q3 2023 Extra Space Storage and Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised as being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jeff Norman. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Norman: Thank you, Kevin. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review.  Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, November 8, 2023. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call.  I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joseph Margolis: Thanks, Jeff, and thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. We had a busy third quarter. In July, we successfully completed our merger with Life Storage adding over 1,200 stores to our portfolio and over 2,300 new members to team Extra Space. The transition is going very smoothly, and I am proud of the teamwork and innovation our employees are demonstrating through the merger.  Our combined portfolio of 3,651 stores provides greater diversification, stability, revenue opportunities, operational efficiencies that I believe will improve our property level and external growth for years to come. From a performance standpoint, the third quarter was generally in line with expectations. Revenue growth moderation for the Extra Space same-store pool flattened meaningfully during the third quarter and our 1.9% same-store revenue increase was modestly ahead of our expectations. Revenue growth was driven by high average occupancy in the quarter of 94.4%. Existing customer behavior continued to be strong with solid length of stay, muted vacates and continued acceptance of rate increases.  Rental volume was also steady year-over-year, albeit at lower new customer rates. Expenses came in higher than our estimates, offsetting the revenue outperformance. This was driven by higher-than-expected property tax increases. The higher-than-projected expenses resulted in a modest miss in our same-store NOI, which was offset by a beat in G&A, resulting in core FFO of $2.02. This was in line with our internal forecast. Short-term dilution from the merger with LSI was consistent with our estimates for the third quarter. We have achieved our target G&A synergy run rate of $23 million and we'll continue to gain additional synergies as we further integrate the team, platform and portfolio.  We have also started a property level revenue synergies as we move existing LSI customers to rates more consistent with the Extra Space portfolio. The incremental FFO contribution from these improvements is partially offset initially by lower occupancy at the LSI properties due to catch up auctions and lower new customer rates to drive rental demand. However, once we achieve stronger new customer rates and build occupancy, the benefit to FFO will ramp up and we remain confident we will reach our total expected synergy run rate in the first quarter of 2024.  We have slowed our acquisition pace given the LSI merger, but we continue to be very active in third-party management, adding 49 new stores gross in the third quarter, not including the LSI managed stores. Year-to-date, outside of the LSI merger, we have added 151 stores gross to the managed platform with only 17 departures. We have also continued to have steady bridge loan volume despite the difficult interest rate environment.  In short, property level performance is in line with expectations. The integration of the Life Storage properties is on track, and we continue to be active in our capital-light external growth channels. As a result, we have tightened our annual core FFO guidance for 2023, maintaining the same midpoint. We will remain focused on maximizing performance at all of our stores and executing our integration plan in the fourth quarter. As we have interacted with our shareholders throughout the quarter, it has been hard to miss the serious concerns people have about wars, the economy, interest rates, consumer health, sector demand and our stock price. We absolutely share those concerns.  That said, I think it is important to step back and not lose sight of where we stand today. Storage has consistently proven to be a remarkably durable asset class and Extra Space Storage has the largest and most diverse portfolio in the industry. Occupancy averaged over 94% in the quarter, and it remains very healthy. New customer rates, while not as strong as last year, remained 12% higher than 2019 pre-pandemic levels and customer health remains strong. New supply continues to moderate and the headwinds to future new development are substantial and increasing. Our external growth drivers continue to fire on all cylinders, and I am confident in our ability to further scale our platform. And finally, I believe we have the strongest team and operating platform in the industry. It is still a great time to be in storage, and I believe the future of Extra Space remains very bright.  I will now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe, and hello, everyone. As Joe mentioned, we would characterize the third quarter as in line, meeting our internal FFO projections, the modest miss in property NOI due to higher noncontrollable expenses was offset by beats in interest income and G&A. Achieved rates to new customers were down an average of 11.8% year-over-year in the third quarter, gapping widest in August and tightening modestly in September and further in October to a negative 10.8%. Given the easier September and October comps, we would have liked to have seen that gap narrow more, but we continue to have a headwind from new customer rates. Fortunately, lower year-over-year vacates and strong existing customer health continues to more than offset the headwind and revenue performance as a whole continues to hold up. Weighing these factors as we forecast revenue for the fourth quarter, new customer rate improvement hasn't been compelling enough for us to raise the high end of our same-store revenue guidance range, but existing customer performance has been steady enough to remove our most cautious scenarios from our full year revenue guide. As a result, we increased the bottom end of our same-store revenue by 25 basis points to a range of 2.75% to 3.5% for the full year. On the expense front, we felt greater-than-expected pressure from property taxes, primarily in Georgia and Florida. We also had significant increases in property insurance premiums. We updated our annual same-store expense guidance to recognize actual expenses as well as a higher run rate for property taxes resulting in a revised same-store expense range of 4% to 5% for the full year. This results in a tightening of the same-store NOI range of 25 basis points both [Technical Difficulty] the low end of the range, maintaining a midpoint of 2.75%.  Turning to the balance sheet. We drew on our line of credit and an undrawn term loan of $1 billion to pay closing costs and to retire Life Storage's debt that we did not assume. With the merger, we assume $2.4 billion in Life Storage's publicly traded bonds at the same coupons and maturities. With the assumption of these bonds mark the debt to market, and we have broken out the noncash interest expense, which has been added back to core FFO.  Upon completion of the merger and the assumption of debt, S&P Global upgraded its credit rating on Extra Space to BBB+, which will drive future interest expense savings for the company. Details to our updated debt stack and revised interest rate spreads on our credit facility are included in our supplemental.  Last quarter, we provided freestanding guidance for Extra Space Storage and then provided separate details related to the anticipated dilution associated with the merger. In last night's earnings release, we updated our 2023 FFO guidance ranges for the combined portfolio. The same-store performance ranges I previously referenced applied to the Extra Space same-store pool as we have not added the Life Storage properties to the pool. Separate disclosures related to the performance of the Life Storage stores are included in our supplemental financials. Our core FFO range, which includes the short-term dilutive impact of the LSI merger as well as an add-back for transaction and transition expenses was tightened to $8.05 to $8.20 per share, maintaining the previous midpoint. We have also provided updates to key assumptions for the combined company.  As Joe mentioned, our performance was in line with our expectations coming into the quarter and the integration of Life Storage remains on track. We continue to believe storage as an asset class is among the most resilient in the REIT space. We believe our operating platform and highly diversified portfolio has become even stronger through the Life Storage merger and it is positioned for outsized future growth.  And with that, Kevin, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS.
Michael Goldsmith: Your updated same-store revenue outlook implies positive fourth quarter same-store revenue growth of 0.8% at the midpoint. And you took the low end of the full year guidance range up slightly. So should we interpret the increase in guidance is confidence that you will hit this range? And what have you seen from street rates in October and expect in November and December to meet this range.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, Michael, your assumptions are correct. It does imply at the midpoint that it's positive for the entire quarter. And we obviously have October, largely we know what October was. And so we're confident that we should hit those numbers.
Michael Goldsmith: My next question is about how Life Storage portfolio is responding to the Extra Space strategy in part of the revenue synergies from the deal is based on the ability to roll out the Extra Space, rental growth algorithm. So can you walk through how the Life Storage customer is responding to lower street rates and also how the Life Storage customer is responding to the elevated ECRIs?
Joseph Margolis: Great question. So the short answer is everything is going as planned. We have begun sending out the ECRI notices to the Life Storage customers, and they are accepting them at the same rate or maybe even slightly better rate than Extra Space customers. We have headwinds of catch-up auctions and the slightly elevated vacates from the CRI notices, the occupancy on the LSI portfolio. So we have discounted rates on the web, in particular, to protect that occupancy while we do that. And that's been very successful, and we've actually seen a slight uptick in occupancy in the LSI portfolio. So we're really happy with how the strategy is playing out, and we continue to monitor it and make sure there's no bumps in the road.
Operator: Next question comes from Jeffrey Spector with Bank of America.
Jeffrey Spector: Joe, you mentioned that as you're integrating and now operating the LSI assets you're using street rate to build up that occupancy. How should we think about that over the coming months? How long will that take place? And given the existing overlap with the EXR portfolio, is that creating some of the drag, let's say, on street rate in markets?
Joseph Margolis: So I might describe it a little differently. We're using rate, I think, to protect occupancy more. We don't really expect to make significant gains in occupancy until we're done correcting the rates and getting through the auctions. So we gained some occupancy, but it's certainly not spiking, and we probably don't expect that until next rental season. With respect to effect on Extra Space stores, that's very market specific, and I don't think very significant.
Jeffrey Spector: And then on the existing customer, you mentioned again the strength there. Can you characterize pricing power today versus, let's say, 6 months ago? And then can you quantify the length of stay versus the vacates?
Joseph Margolis: So I don't think pricing power to new customers is significantly different than 6 months ago. And I guess I'd say the same thing about pricing power to existing customers, which is very strong. It is also the same, right? We're not seeing a greater amount of ECRI induced vacates. And I'm sorry, what was the second part of the question?
Jeffrey Spector: If you were able to quantify the vacates versus the length of stay?
Joseph Margolis: I'm not sure I understand the question.
Jeffrey Spector: Where is length of stay today? You had mentioned that the length of stay remains strong and vacates are down.
Joseph Margolis: I should understood what you were saying. So lots of different ways to measure length of stay. Our average in-place customer is about 34.4 months, which is up a month year-over-year. Our existing customers who have been in the store for 12 months is 61%. That's done a little bit as we continue to normalize from those COVID highs at that metric. We've also lost a little bit of our 24-month customers. That's about 45% now, but still higher than pre-COVID. Is that helpful?
Operator: Our next question comes from [indiscernible] with Truist Securities.
Unidentified Analyst: So in the quarter, you showed an improved pace of same-store revenue and same-store NOI deceleration. Is that because of easier comps? Or do you think rates have somewhat stabilized at current levels? I'm just trying to better understand if this improves deceleration is sustainable? Or if we should expect a steeper deceleration in 2024?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So comps throughout this year have gotten easier as we've moved through. In terms of how it came out versus what we were expecting, it was pretty similar to what we were expecting. As we mentioned earlier, we don't expect things to go negative in the fourth quarter and that sets us up for what we hope to be a good 2024.  I think our occupancy is holding up well and not going negative, I think, is a positive thing.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then shifting gears a little bit. Can you talk about or can you give us your thoughts around your balance sheet and your variable rate debt. Right now, approximately 30% of your debt is variable. Do you have any plans to decrease your exposure there? Or are you planning on keeping the portion of [indiscernible] that where it is?
Scott Stubbs: So our variable rate debt actually ticked up slightly in the quarter as we completed the merger. With the merger, we had to pay off some fixed rate debt. You had private placement bonds on Life Storage that weren't allowed to be prepaid. To do that, we've used a bridge loan, a $1 billion bridge, that's a 2-year loan, and we will be terming that out over the next 1 to 2 years. So we will be bringing that down. If you look at our variable rate debt net of the variable rate borrowings, it's about 75%. But again, we'll be bringing those down, variable receivables.
Operator: Next question comes from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst: This is A.J. on for Todd. Real quick, could you just provide an occupancy update for October and what that looks like year-over-year?
Scott Stubbs: For the two portfolios, Extra Space, the same-store ended October at 93.9%. It's a 1% gap from where we were last year. The Life Storage occupancy is 90.8% compared to last year, and that has actually narrowed the gap slightly. Our occupancy calculation is slightly different than the way Life Storage calculated. We're going with this calculation going forward as they excluded or made adjustments that we don't make on an ongoing basis.
Unidentified Analyst: And what is that year-over-year?
Scott Stubbs: It's narrowing and I actually don't have last years in front of me right now.
Joseph Margolis: We haven't adjusted last year's like storage occupancy to reflect our methodology.
Unidentified Analyst: Good to know. And then my second question. So you provided a little color around the $100 million of synergies. You noted that you have met the $23 million in G&A synergies. We see some gains in tenant insurance. How should we think about the opportunity to meet or exceed the $100 million guidance over the next several months?
Joseph Margolis: So I think we have a significant opportunity to exceed the G&A synergy of $23 million. Our original guidance for that was $140 million. Our original Extra Space guidance at the beginning of the year before this merger was contemplated. Our current midpoint guidance for G&A is $150 million. So it's not quite $10 million every 6 months of additional G&A because we closed the merger on July 20. G&A is not smooth. G&A is higher in the first quarter. It's not perfectly spread out through the 4 quarters. And we still have some hiring to do to fill in some spots. But clearly, we're going to be ahead of our $23 million run rate.
Unidentified Analyst: And then on the tenant insurance synergies, how much more upside do you see there? And can you -- as you continue to transition the LSI customer to [indiscernible] policy and pricing?
Joseph Margolis: So we've achieved very little of that synergy because the only extra space tenant insurance policies, we're selling now are to new customers. Existing customers will not convert from the Life Storage insurance policy to the Extra Space insurance policy until starting January 1 of 2024, and that was for both regulatory and contractual reasons. But that will be somewhat of a light switch, right? We'll send out the notice, people get them and beyond the extra space policy, which is more robust in terms of coverage but also has a higher premium.
Operator: Our next question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Just wanted to kind of piggyback on a couple of questions that have already been asked. I guess on the sequential deceleration that it moderated in the third quarter, it's expected to moderate even further. Should we think that, that continues into 2024 as you stand here today based on what you know and I'm not asking you to give 24 guidance. But I guess what the market is really wondering is have we passed the worst particularly given where comps are as we look into '24. Just curious on your thoughts on what you could share there.
Scott Stubbs: Okay. If you look at our deceleration through the year, I mean we've clearly moderated that deceleration. Our fourth quarter guidance implies that it continues fairly flat from where we are today. 2024 will be ready, obviously, to give the full year guidance in February. But I think we're set up to be -- we're in a good spot. We'd like to see new customer rates get stronger, but existing customers are holding up very well. In 2024 also has easier comps compared to what we had this year.
Juan Sanabria: And then can I just ask on the LSI occupancy front is part of the synergies that you guys are assuming that you're able to make up the difference in occupancy between the EXR and LSI portfolio? And I guess -- if so, what does that entail doing to close that gap? Or are you happy keeping the portfolio is running at different occupancy levels. Just curious on how that should evolve.
Joseph Margolis: So I'll tell you how we underwrote the transaction to get to underwritten synergies and really how we get there, mix of occupancy and revenue, we don't really care as much as long as we get the dollars. So at underwriting, we observed on average a 2% gap in occupancy and about a 15% gap in rate and to get to our $65 million of property synergies, we underwrote 0 improvement in occupancy and about a 7% improvement in rate. So our opportunity to do better is to achieve better than those assumptions. Sorry for [indiscernible] audience.
Juan Sanabria: I guess this is a quick. So would you want to discount further at LSI to close that gap? Or are you happy kind of running two different occupancies across the different portfolios [Technical Difficulty].
Jeffrey Norman: Thank you, everybody, for your patience. One, I'm not sure where you lost a in the middle of Joe's response. Could you give us a reprompting before we answer the question?
Juan Sanabria: Sure. My addendum was is the goal to close eventually that occupancy gap? Or are you happy, I guess, running different levels of occupancy across the 2 portfolios?
Joseph Margolis: So the portfolios will be run on the same platform, right, despite the 2 brands, it's going to be the same customer acquisition systems, the same pricing algorithms, the same sales process. So eventually, the two portfolio should run very similarly. We don't have a strategy of running a higher occupancy, Extra Space store and a lower occupancy Life Storage store. Everything is going to be run on one platform to maximize revenue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Spenser Allaway from Green Street.
Spenser Allaway: I know you commented in your opening remarks that you're focused on your asset-light initiatives right now. But can you just walk through where you're seeing specifically the best returns in terms of your use of capital right now?
Joseph Margolis: So the best returns on capital continues to be a redevelopment of existing stores. Those returns are high single, low double-digit returns. You can add units where you already own the land, you already have the office, you already have entitlements and we are very excited to now have 1,200 more stores to look at and try to find additional opportunities to put storage in parking lots or make single stores storage, multistory storage. The challenge with those are they're relatively small in terms of dollar investment, so you have to do a lot of them, but we have a team and a process and a program and we expect to do a lot more of those in the future. Another bridge loan program also provides very high return on capital. The whole note rate is 10% now, average is 10% now. And when we sell the A note, the rate on the B notes is into the teens and that does not include the economic benefit of managing the property, which we lend on. So that also is a very good use of capital, particularly because we can control the capital by selling or not selling the A note.
Spenser Allaway: And then do you have a sense for ESR assets that are now in a competing radius of newly acquired LSI assets, you have a sense of what the average delta would be for the in-place rents for the EXR versus the legacy LSI assets? 
Joseph Margolis: So I think our best sense is one of the ways we underwrote this transaction is. We identified 106 or 109 LSI stores that had one or more extra space store that was in a very tight geographical radius was a similar type store in terms of single-story drive-up or multistory and we felt was a truly competitive store. And at the time of underwriting, the delta in rate was about 15% for those stores.
Operator: Our next question comes from Smedes Rose from Citi.
Smedes Rose: I just wanted to ask you on the LSI portfolio, you mentioned a number of catch-up options. And just it I guess, a little less familiar with that. I'm just wondering, is that a significant part of the portfolio? Will that make a significant difference, I guess, as those customers are, I guess, cleared out who are nonpaying and putting in new customers?
Joseph Margolis: I mean it's a standard practice when we buy a store not to rely on the prior owner's auction process because we don't caught up in a noncompliant auction. So we start the auction process over again, and that leads to a several month lag. So we have several months of units, nonpaying units, we have to auction out, recover those units, and we let them. It it's temporary and in the overall scheme of things, I think not significant, although it does provide some occupancy pressure in the short run.
Smedes Rose: [indiscernible] picking over. Yes, sorry go ahead.
Scott Stubbs: As you say me, it doesn't really impact your bad debt either because you've already accrued the bad debt reserve. So there's no impact there, but it does impact occupancy.
Smedes Rose: And then I just -- you mentioned higher property taxes in the quarter. And I just -- as you -- the larger expense lines just looking into next year is there -- so we're broad sense of how we might be thinking about wages and benefits for pace of growth slowing at all? Is it maybe what are you thinking about for kind of the pace of tax property tax increases? Any sort of thoughts there you could share?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So we actually thought it had decreased some in the 6-month numbers. I think we were looking pretty good. We won some appeals. We were a little bit surprised on how our actuals came in for Florida and Georgia and Illinois versus the estimates we've made using property tax consultants. We hope that the worst of the property tax reassessments are behind us, but every year is a new year with the local municipalities.
Smedes Rose: And on wages and benefits, how is that pacing?
Scott Stubbs: Wages and benefits, we've actually had it slow some. We don't see the wage pressure that we saw the last couple of years. We saw higher slightly earlier in the year as we had more hours compared to prior years when it was difficult to hire. Today, it's much easier to hire. Our applicant flow is significantly better and we're not seeing the wage pressure we've seen over the last couple of years.
Operator: Next question comes from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: Just two quick ones for me. Just going back to the same-store revenue number of close to 1% in 4Q, is the messaging -- I think this got asked earlier, but is the messaging that essentially, unless you sort of see things take a turn to the downside wouldn't expect that number to get sort of worse going into next year? Or is it sort of still wait and see? I'm just trying to figure out if 4Q is sort of a good run rate looking forward from here without asking for guidance.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So we think it's a good run rate, the estimate we've given for the quarter. Obviously, October is done. It's too early to tell for next year.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. And then doubling back on the sort of the expense line items. Obviously, you took the same-store up for EXR. I see sort of LSI at 4.5% as well. Maybe can you talk about just doubling down on whether it's marketing expenses or insurance. Is there anything either one timing in nature this year that we should be mindful of? Or are these sort of decent run rates.
Scott Stubbs: So why storage, the big increase year-over-year came from more personnel and the payroll line item. Our managers, on average, make more, and we have more hours allocated to us, and that's how we get the premium rates that we get. So we are operating them more like we operate our stores. The other thing that's different from their historical same-store numbers is we have allocated call center and a technology charge to the stores that they historically had in their G&A. So we went back to their historical numbers and added those in, too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows: I was wondering maybe -- I don't think anybody's asked about supply yet. So we've seen it fall off in other sectors, new starts. So I was wondering if you could comment on what you're seeing now? Have you noticed any projects either getting -- taking longer, getting pushed out or any new ones getting started, just kind of what you're seeing on the new supply side.
Joseph Margolis: Sure, great question. So we continue to see moderation in new supply. The peak was maybe 2018 and every year since then, it's moderated. We expect deliveries in 2023 to be kind of similar to 2022. But after that, likely to be more moderation. The headwinds to new supply in terms of interest rates and debt capital, equity capital, availability, construction costs, entitlement period, underwriting forward revenue growth are pretty significant and drop our rates for projects that you can see on yard and all those other reports are really high and a lot of projects we see in these reports end up not getting built.
Caitlin Burrows: And just to that last point, would you say that the dropout rate is more significant today than it has been in like the past? Because of maybe those factors you mentioned?
Joseph Margolis: Many of us were at a conference in New York a couple of weeks ago where one of the leading brokers in the industry said, he thinks the dropout rate is 70% to 90%. I don't have the statistics for that, but that's an observation from someone who's very, very close to the industry.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. And then maybe just a quick 1 on the transaction side. You mentioned that EXR has pulled out recently, especially to focus on merger, which makes sense. I guess, could you comment more broadly on the transaction market? Kind of our properties trading have cap rates stabilized? Has the bid-ask spread close? Or is it still pretty quiet in storage also?
Joseph Margolis: Yes, I would characterize it as quiet. There are very few transactions that we see end up making many transactions. People bring our portfolios and they don't end up transacting. That's an indication of a bid-ask spread. And the transactions we do see that happen. There's it seems to be some story either on the buyer side, why it was a special buy for them or on the seller side. But I don't think there's enough of a market where I could tell you what market cap rates are. It's just very quiet and very circumstantial.
Operator: Our next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore.
Samir Khanal: Joe, when I look at some of your top markets, the Texas markets, Florida, they're holding up quite well this year and from a revenue growth perspective? And I guess how are you thinking about those Sunbelt markets into next year, the markets which got a boost in the last few years? I mean, do they give back in '24? How are you thinking about that?
Joseph Margolis: There's two things, I think, to think about. One is maybe 3 things. One is job growth. Job growth is maybe the #1 indicator of storage performance. And those Sunbelt markets still have job growth, and that's an important factor. On the flip side, when a market has a couple of years of 20%, 30% plus revenue growth, it's really difficult to keep up. So it may look like it's giving back because it's not growing as fast, but it's still a healthy market, and it's just coming up against a tough comp. And then lastly, which is a little bit of the wildcard is the housing market. I firmly believe the housing market will come back. It's got two people can't stay in their houses forever, life events happen, just when and how quickly is going to be a factor that will inform our performance next year.
Samir Khanal: And then just as a follow-up from prior questions. You mentioned the 15% gap I think, between rents for the LSI and the XR portfolio on underwriting. And I just want to clarify, did you say the gap is about 7% today?
Joseph Margolis: No, I said we underwrote 7% to achieve our underwritten synergies. So we underwrote not closing the occupancy gap at all and only closing about half of the rate gap and that if we can do those 2 things, that will give us our $65 million synergies from the properties.
Samir Khanal: And then finally, on just maybe ECRIs. I mean, how much has that pace of, I guess, increases moderated at this point? I mean I'm just trying to think if you have macro conditions that sort of stay similar as it is, I mean, do you think that moderates further in '24. How are you thinking about that?
Joseph Margolis: Maybe not as much as might be -- we might assume because one of the big drivers of ECRI is the gap between the discounted web rate. The customer comes in and the actual market rate for that unit. So while we're in a period of time now where we're offering significant discounts for customers to come into the web that gives us the opportunity to catch them up to ECRI and get them to what the true market rate is.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller: I'm curious, what are the early observations on operating 2 brands versus 1 brand so far?
Joseph Margolis: So it's very early. We don't have any firm conclusions. I think the most important thing that we see is we have increased our digital footprint. So when you're in one of those saturated markets where we're operating 2 brands and you search for storage near me or whatever generic storage starts to use. You will find both Extra Space and Life Storage branded stores come up on the search, sometimes also a Storage Express store. So we are getting more digital real estate. That's kind of the main assumption to the success of the program, but it's very early, and we have quite a ways to go before we can draw definitive conclusions.
Michael Mueller: And then maybe one other quick expense question. And I know this isn't a huge line item in the grand scheme of things. But the growth in insurance expenses, how should we think about that over the next few years in terms of how outsized they could be or relative to the overall expense pool?
Scott Stubbs: I think it will bend a little bit on claims. You had a really rough year in Florida this past year. Overall, if you had -- anything wind related in Florida saw a 100-plus percent increase in lots of areas. So I think it will depend some on events that happen but you've also seen a rise in interest rate caused those pools not to be as deep as they found other sources to put other places and put that money. So making sure that we have competitive bids, adding the Life Storage properties will help us because we have a new group of insurers that we haven't used in the past. And so hopefully, we should be able to bring that down and not see the kind of increases we've seen in this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keegan Carl with Wolf Research.
Keegan Carl: I guess maybe first on occupancy, where do you expect your year-over-year occupancy delta various last year to trend for the balance of the year?
Scott Stubbs: We're assuming about a 100 basis point gap through this year. And then obviously, moving into 2024, I think that gap gets easier.
Keegan Carl: And then shifting gears here, I feel like these 2 platforms have kind of gotten shuffle just given the Life Storage. I'm just curious if you could provide any update on the Bar Gold and storage Express platforms. What are you guys seeing as far as internal and external growth opportunities?
Joseph Margolis: Sure. So Bar Gold, I would say, is glasses half full and half empty. The half full is we've done a really, really good job of institutionalizing and integrating the operations there. We're significantly outperforming budget on the expense side, where I think we have more wood to chop is the growth side of that. We are growing bar gold at historical rates at the rates that bar gold grew before we bought it. and we really want to turn some attention to that and try to grow it at a faster rate. Some of that, I think, is just us getting to know the business, getting to know the people and understanding it and some of it is, frankly, attention on Storage Express and then Life Storage. Storage Express is -- I think we made a lot of progress. It was actually, in some ways, harder to integrate Storage Express because it was a different platform, a different way of doing business. I mean we got all of the 1,200 Life Stores on our operating platform breeze in 19 days. It took us 6 months with 107 Storage Express stores because it's a different way of operating. There's just different software systems procedures. So we're doing very well on the integration front. We have bought several small remotely managed stores in our traditional markets, not in the more rural markets they operate in. They trade at 7% yield. So we feel they're good purchases. And we're learning a lot. We're learning about exactly what should be a remote store partially manned. What are the various attributes, distance from an Extra Space store population, rent per square foot saturation that makes it work and makes it doesn't work. We have opened up our third-party management platform. We've just signed up a 60-property portfolio to be run remotely. We have a large, large pipeline of remotely managed stores for our Management Plus platform. So I think similar to Bar Gold, the growth of that platform was slowed by our attention to the Life Storage deal. We used that time to learn things, which I think is good. And as we move forward, I expect that growth to accelerate.
Operator: I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Joe Margolis for any closing remarks.
Joseph Margolis: Great. Thank you, everyone, for your time today. I hope the message was clear that things are going as expected. Our integration is realization of synergies are proceeding very well, and we look forward to seeing many, many of you in Los Angeles next week. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-04 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Extra Space Storage, Inc.'s Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the call over to Jeff Norman, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Latif. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's second quarter 2023 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, August 4, 2023. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. And I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Jeff, and thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. We have had a busy three months and a lot has happened since our first quarter earnings call. Operationally, same-store occupancy remained high through the second quarter. Although rental volume was down year-over-year, vacates also remain muted, allowing us to improve occupancy sequentially each month through the quarter, ending June at a very healthy 94.5%. The existing customer health remains strong with ARs and bad debt levels remaining low and customer acceptance of rate increases remain steady. Our strategy coming into the year was to maintain high occupancy in order to enhance pricing power to new customers as we moved into the leasing season. This strategy was effective through May, and we improved rental rates sequentially and started to tighten the year-over-year negative delta and achieved great growth to new customers. However, new customer rates have not improved meaningfully in June and July, both of which are typically high-volume rental months in a busy leasing season. The miss in same-store revenue in June was offset by lower-than-expected same-store expenses, allowing us to remain on budget for property NOI for the first half of the year. From an FFO perspective, we also met our internal budgets for the first and second quarter. As we look forward, we expect the impact of lower new customer rates in the summer months to weigh on revenue growth in the back half of the year. Our initial guidance assumed that we would fully close our negative year-over-year new customer rental rate growth gap by July, and that new customer rate growth would be positive through the end of the year. Year-to-date, we have not gained that pricing power and now believe new customer rate growth will remain negative year-over-year further into 2023. As a result, we have reduced our 2023 same-store revenue expectations. Our lower estimated property revenue, together with a higher forward interest rate curve also reduced our full year outlook for core FFO. Needless to say, we are disappointed that rental rate growth to new customers has been weaker this leasing season, and we never liked the idea of having to reduce our outlook. With that said, we are also careful to maintain perspective about where Extra Space and the storage industry actually sit today. First, occupancy levels remain just below 95%, which excluding the last couple of years, are as high as we have ever seen. Second, new customer rates, while not as strong as last year, remained 15% higher than 2019 pre-pandemic levels. Third, new supply continues to be manageable and the headwinds to future new development are increasing. And finally, our external growth drivers continue to fire on all cylinders with 54 additions to our third-party management platform in the quarter and 102 stores added through two quarters. On July 20, we closed our merger with Life Storage, adding over 1,200 stores to our portfolio, which today has over 3,500 stores spanning 43 states. I am proud of both teams who have worked tirelessly to complete the merger to create a stronger portfolio, platform and company. We are all focused and working hard to achieve a smooth integration. So far, I am very pleased with how seamlessly the integration is progressing and how we are already finding ways to create value and unlock synergies. Let me provide a couple of examples. In the two weeks since we closed the transactions, we have onboarded and trained over 2,700 LSI employees and already transitioned over 900 stores to our point-of-sale system with the remaining stores to follow next week. This move to our point-of-sale system is critical because, among other things, this platform allows us to implement our digital marketing and pricing strategies, which will allow us to begin to optimize performance at these stores. And second, last week, S&P Global raised our credit rating to a BBB+ to reflect our larger and stronger company, which will have an immediate and future benefit on our cost of debt capital. So while we have just closed and we know it is still early, we are excited as we begin to realize the many future opportunities this merger creates for Extra Space and our shareholders. We will continue to give updates on the integration and performance of the Life Storage assets as well as our progress towards our $100 million in minimum estimated synergies. After some short-term dilution expected during the remainder of 2023, we believe we will be at least in our underwritten synergy run rate early in 2024 with additional upside beyond, as we continue to optimize the performance of the combined company and capture additional synergies not quantified in the original underwriting. It is still a great time to be in storage, and I believe the future of Extra Space remains bright. I will now turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe, and hello, everyone. As Joe mentioned, we had another solid quarter, meeting our internal same-store NOI and FFO projections. The modest miss in property revenue in June was offset by expense savings and other small beats in interest income, G&A and higher management fees were offset by higher interest expense and lower tenant insurance. After tightening year-over-year achieved rate to new customers to negative 3% in March, we backed off on rates and averaged approximately negative 8% in April, which immediately drove higher rental volumes. We saw similar traction in May but then saw rental volume slow in June and July, despite keeping new customer rates down approximately 10% year-over-year. On the expense front, we are performing well with minimal payroll and property tax growth and marketing expense remaining in line with our expectations. However, we have experienced additional pressure in insurance expense premiums in the property and casualty markets with average premium increases in our June renewal of approximately 50%. Turning to the balance sheet. We completed a $450 million bond offering in the quarter and completed a recast of our credit facility, bringing revolving capacity to approximately $2 billion in preparation for the Life Storage merger. We also closed on a term loan of $1 billion with a delayed draw feature that we accessed at closing to pay off Life Storage's line of credit, private placement debt and other closing costs. In last night's earnings release, we updated our 2023 guidance ranges for same-store growth expectations and core FFO, which do not include the impact of the recently closed merger with Life Storage. Given the tight timing between the closing -- between closing the merger on July 20 and yesterday's release, we provided standalone guidance for Extra Space, excluding the impact of the merger with separate details about the anticipated dilution from the merger in the remainder of 2023. Despite meeting our internal projections for same-store NOI and core FFO, we have reduced our forward-looking estimates given the lower than forecasted pricing power and rental volume experienced in June and July as well as the upswing in the forward interest rate curve. Our outlook for same-store revenue growth, which does not include the LSI assets is now 2.5% to 3.5%. We have also reduced our same-store expense range to 3.5% to 4.5% due to better-than-expected payroll and property tax, resulting in a revised NOI range of 2% to 3.5%. Our expectation remains that the rate of revenue growth deceleration continues to flatten in the back half of the year with easing comparables. Our core FFO range, excluding the impact of the LSI merger, is reduced to $8.15 to $8.35 per share, driven primarily by lower property revenues and higher anticipated interest rates. For the Life Storage merger, we estimate initial dilution in 2023 as we integrate and optimize the portfolio to capture our anticipated synergies. We estimate $0.10 to $0.15 of dilution per share in 2023, and we believe that we will be at our $100 million run rate in early 2024. Details of the second quarter performance of Life Storage have been provided in our supplemental package, and we will provide updates on the performance of the LSI assets going forward. We continue to believe storage as an asset class is among the most resilient in the REIT space. We believe our operating platform and highly diversified portfolio has become even stronger through the Life Storage merger and that is positioned for outsized growth. With that, Latif, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith of UBS.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. It seems like the largest driver of the reduced guidance is that street rates didn't converge with last year, which is weighing on results in the back half, so two-parter here. One, what's assumed for street rates for the back half of the year? And two, this is expected to weigh on the results in the back half of '23, what is the expected impact from this on 2024 operating metrics?
Joe Margolis: So I think we see - the biggest difference we see in the back half of the year, frankly, is the comps get a lot easier. So we kind of see a continuation of modest growth, but with much easier comps. What was the second question, Michael?
Michael Goldsmith: So you see any impact on the street rates are weighing on the second half of '23, is there any impact from that into 2024?
Joe Margolis: So we are not talking - we don't have any guidance. I'm not talking about guidance to 2024 yet. But clearly, where you end '23 is your, sorry to give a stupid answer, as a starting point for '24. So that will be the impact.
Michael Goldsmith: And just to clarify on the first question, like by growth, you mean you're expecting a slow convergence of '23 street rates to '22 levels and you expect that to converge sometime in the back half? Do you have any visibility? Like is that early? Is that late? Like just ticking for sort of just relative placement there.
Joe Margolis: Yes. We had thought by June, July, we would have had that conversions point, and now we think it's further into 2023.
Michael Goldsmith: Okay. Got it. And then my second question here is that given that a majority of the revenue synergies are driven from revenue - or given that a majority of the entire synergies are driven from revenue. What gives you confidence that you can achieve your $100 million of run rate synergies in early 2024? Thanks.
Joe Margolis: So on the revenue side, as I mentioned in my comments, we have 900-plus stores on our point-of-sale soft breeze and the ECRI notices have started going out. And we have a very detailed plan customer-by-customer, when do they get their last one, where their rate is, on street rate, not to overload any store, but that has started. And next week, we'll have all the rest of the stores on breeze and those ECRI notices will go out. And the confidence we have is because we've done this all the time. We take over stores all the time that have rates below where we want them and we send out ECRI notices, and we know the acceptance rate and the churn rate, and it gives us a high degree of confidence that's going to work. On the insurance side, once we're on breeze, new customers will purchase insurance from our platform, which is at a higher rate than LSI's program was and existing customers won't be converted until January 2024. Those notices will go out. And that delay is for both regulatory reasons and notice requirements in the existing LSI contract with their insurance provider. And then the third biggest kind of segment of the $100 million is the G&A side. And we've now sharpened our pencils, hired who we want to hire redone budgets department by department and have greatly increased confidence we will exceed the underwritten G&A savings.
Michael Goldsmith: And apologies for keeping that going. But just to clarify on the ECRIs. I think you said in the script that customers are continuing to absorb them. That said, easier eyes can be highly dependent on the trajectory of street rates. So it is a just a trajectory of street rates, is that going to impact your ability to pass along ECRIs in the near to intermediate term?
Joe Margolis: So I don't think that's going to be a significant impact. So you're right that street rate is a factor in the quantum of the ECRI that's given. But the gap between the rate at the LSI stores and the rate at the competitive Extra Space stores gives us confidence that there's still plenty of meat on that bone.
Michael Goldsmith: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector of Bank of America.
Jeff Spector: Great. Thank you. First question, I guess just taking a step back, and listening to the comments on what you thought would happen versus what actually happened to understand and feel comfortable with the new guidance? Like why did you - what were the systems telling you, let's say, in the spring or early summer, that you would close the gap to actually what happened and then compare that to now what the systems are saying for the rest of the year?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, Jeff. So what we were seeing earlier in the year was we were seeing our street rates or our achieved rates to new customers steadily moving up, and we were seeing that our occupancy gap was maintaining what we were expecting. That was pretty consistent through May. As we moved into June, we found that in order to maintain our occupancy, we needed the lower rates. And that continued into July. And so into July, we were negative 10.5% whereas in the second quarter, our rates were averaged about 8% negative to new customers. So just that change in customers being shopping more and being much more rate sensitive is what caused us to change our outlook going forward.
Jeff Spector: Okay. Thanks. And then on the rental volume comment, Scott, I think you said rental volumes slowed in June and July, obviously. I guess trying to tie that into one of your competitors' comments on record move-ins, I guess what is the health of the top of the funnel, like new customer traffic? Like what are we seeing today, let's say, as we started August? And how should we think about that in terms of seasonality as we head into the coming months?
Joe Margolis: So there's plenty of self-storage customers out there for the larger operators to capture, right? We're at 94.5% occupied. Obviously, we can keep our stores full. The challenge is there's not sufficient enough customers to give us pricing power. We can't move rates and maintain that type of occupancy to the level we wanted to. So our year-over-year rentals were down 9% in the second quarter so were Life Storage for comparison purpose. But vacates were also down a little less than that, but a similar number. So there's customers out there, our platform can capture them, but we don't have the pricing power we expected.
Scott Stubbs: And Jeff, maybe where we vary a little bit from some of the other reports that have been out there is while they may see increases in rental some of it could be what happened last year and also what their new rate is moving in. And I think some of them reported a wider gap than what we have even experienced.
Jeff Spector: And then -- I'm sorry, but just one follow-up to Michael's question on the -- I guess, you discussed the easier comps, I think you said into the end of this year. I guess, can you provide like a specific month or time frame? And do the easier comps continue into '24?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So the easier comps do continue into '24 as rates moderated in the back half of last year in terms of our rates to new customers, they continue to moderate it back half of last year and into this year. In addition, you have an easier revenue comp this year than you had from last year. Our revenue growth the first half of 2022 was almost 22%.
Jeff Spector: Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks Jeff.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa of Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. I guess, good morning. It seems like the light switch went off in June or July. And I'm just curious, can you guys put your finger on what sort of changed customer behavior that much to change the pricing dynamic in June?
Joe Margolis: I don't think we can, we had an odd March. We couldn't figure that out as well. We've talked about that. We were feeling really good at the end of May, and there was a distinct change in customer behavior in June and July, and I would be guessing if I told you I knew what it was.
Steve Sakwa: I mean do you think it's housing related? Is that maybe just the lack of movement in housing creating more less demand than you would have thought?
Joe Margolis: I think housing is certainly a factor, right? That's one important component of demand for self-storage, and we all know the housing market story. I think another factor is consumers don't have as much money in their pocket, right? If the savings rate is way down, all the extra COVID dollars that were floating around have gone away. There's inflation in the economy. I think the consumers have fewer dollars as well.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And I guess, secondly, if you kind of look at the implied guidance for the second half of the year. If I'm doing my math right, I think the revenue growth is kind of 0% to 2%, which compares to the 2.7% you did in the second quarter. So maybe, Scott, just help us think through like what gets you to kind of the upper end of the range and what gets you to the lower end of the range? Is it more occupancy driven? Is it more the new rates, the customers, the slowdown in ECRI? Like what are the big drivers between kind of the low end and high end, do you think from - 
Joe Margolis: The biggest drivers, I think, are when we move positive in terms of achieved rates to new customers. And as we mentioned before, we do have an easier comp from last year. But I think that where you fall in that guidance is when those new customer rates move positive and you start to have a little bit of pricing power to new customers.
Steve Sakwa: So, I'm sorry, is there any of that embedded in the guidance for the back half of the year? Or is it like at the high end that assumes that and the low end it doesn't?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So, the low end assumes that you don't get pricing power, the high end assumes that you start to get some of that pricing power. And it's probably more in the back half of - the end of the year where you start to see the benefit of it. Any pricing power you got in August, you might start to see some benefit later in the year. If you don't get pricing power until November, December, you're not going to see anything this year.
Steve Sakwa: Got it. Okay. Thank you. That's it.
Joe Margolis: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Just a quick follow-up to start on Steve's last question. When you say pricing power is that you're able to raise street rates sequentially or more just benefiting from easier comps and you will the decline year-over-year will go away?
Scott Stubbs: It's more of the year-over-year comp. We have actually been able to move street rates sequentially, as we've moved through this year, but the year-over-year comp has made them negative.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. And then just a regular rate question. Just curious, is there anything by MSA or region that's - where you saw softness like are the cost performing better than some of the previously high-flying Sunbelt markets? Or just curious on any commentary you could provide around that?
Joe Margolis: So, I think it's too much of a generalization to say the Sunbelt is weak and the coast are strong or anything like that, right? Some of our best markets, Orlando, Tampa, Miami, continue to outperform portfolio averages. Those are Sunbelt markets. L.A. continues to be good. And some of the weaker markets, frankly, are markets that put up 30% growth last year. So, they - it's hard to do that several years in a row. So they appear weaker. But I think the important thing to remember is markets will cycle in a non-correlated factor - non-correlated manner. And because of that, it's important to be as diversified as possible. So, you always have some markets that are on the upswing, and you always have some markets that maybe are coming off of the upswing. And one of the reasons we like the LSI merger is because it further diversifies our portfolio and reduces our concentration in our top markets.
Juan Sanabria: And then just one last one if you humor me. Anything on the churn front in terms of length of stay, you're seeing be impacted as you've seen kind of less top of funnel demand throughout the system worth note either with the one or two-year length of stay, decreasing or anything to that out?
Joe Margolis: So the one or two-year length of stay has decreased very slightly. We're still in the low 60% on the one year and 46% or so on the two-year - I think we are losing some of those long-term COVID tenants, but not all of them. But length of stay is still healthy. Our average vacating customer is almost 18 months, median is about 7.5 months. Those are great numbers as compared to pre-COVID.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks guys. Good luck.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Juan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Todd Thomas: Hi. Thanks. I appreciate the disclosure on LSI same-store. It looked like revenue and NOI growth decelerated quite a bit more than we would have anticipated. I'm not sure how that compares to what you were anticipating, but it was about 1,000 basis points sequentially during the quarter before the merger closed. Any sense on what happened during the quarter? And can you speak to the integration there and first steps around stabilizing growth in the Life Storage portfolio?
Scott Stubbs: And maybe I'll speak to the results, and Joe can take the integration piece. First of all, they were still managing their properties. So clearly, we couldn't go in and manage them the way we would have liked to. I think that what we saw was occupancy fell off more than we would have expected, and we would attribute that to them keeping rates too high in May and June. When they've lowered them, you've seen it move in the positive direction in the month of July, they finished the month of July around 91%. So it ticked up slightly, but they did not see that busy season bump than we would have expected. And then in terms of the integration, Joe?
Joe Margolis: So, I spoke a little bit about the systems integration. That's going well, and we'll continue to work on that. Data transmission is going well. We still have some work to do there, but no hiccups. People is not something you can just do in a couple of weeks. It will take us a while to fully train the Life Storage managers on our way of doing things. They can all take rentals now and do the basics, if you will. But they'll continue to get better and better. And as they do, the performance will improve.
Todd Thomas: Okay. Do you expect to continue providing a breakout of the Life Storage same-store portfolio and performance going forward through '24, I guess, until it's included in the same-store in '25?
Scott Stubbs: So have not fully determined '24. We think it is likely, because it's probably the best way to show the improvement. If you compare our same-store pool to theirs, you should be able to see them outperforming due to them being on our systems. But I think it's likely, but no final decision yet.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then I had a question around this environment here as it pertains to new supply. We've heard that starts are likely declining and could be materially lower moving forward here in the near term, which would be good for absorption of existing stores. But as it pertains to the supply added over the last few years, a lot of that product leased up at an accelerated rate during the pandemic from some of the new demand related to the pandemic. Are assets in your system that leased up with a disproportionate amount of, I guess, COVID demand customers? Are you seeing more pressure on move outs or different customer behavior than the stores that you've operated and that were stabilized for a period of time before the pandemic?
Joe Margolis: No. I don't think customers pay differently if they moved into a new store that just opened or whether they moved into a store that's been up and stabilized for a long time, right? They leave some point after their need for storage goes away. I think your thesis is right, right? We see a moderation of new supply, but at the same time, we see markets that had kind of excess COVID demand that's going away that build up new supply and now that may be moderating, creating more availability.
Todd Thomas: Right. I guess that's my question. The latter point that you just made, are the assets over the last several years, a couple of thousand stores that were delivered beginning maybe in 2018 or 2019 through 2022? Or are you seeing those stores either a little bit more challenged? Or are they even in some markets, maybe still struggling to find equilibrium in terms of rate as demand moderates and some of those renters move out?
Joe Margolis: So, I'm sorry if I didn't answer that question clearly. I think, it's an asset-by-asset analysis. Certainly, there are markets that are struggling because they had a lot of new supply delivered. It all got filled up during COVID. Now there's lesser demand. So maybe those markets are under a little more pressure. And I would give you Phoenix is a really good example of that. But I think it's a market analysis, not an asset analysis. It's not like all the excess COVID demand customers moved into the new property and the other - all the regular customers moved into the existing properties. So, the new properties are struggling more, the customers go everywhere, and the markets perform similarly. I hope that makes sense.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, Todd, you're probably seeing it a little bit more in rate than you are occupancy. We have been able to maintain the occupancy at those newer stores, but you have - the ability to push rates has not been there.
Todd Thomas: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose of Citi.
Smedes Rose: Hi guys. I just wanted to ask you, the implied guidance through the back half for your same-store portfolio. Is that sort of a similar guideline for what you're seeing for the LSI portfolio as well? Or could you - is it something meaningfully different?
Joe Margolis: We would expect the LSI portfolio to do better as we get their stores on our platform, that uplift to begin to occur.
Smedes Rose: Okay. So embedded in your dilution is better same-store NOI for that portfolio through the back half of the year offset the some of the things that you've called out?
Scott Stubbs: So, there is some growth there, but not significant. Typically, what happens is you bring things onto our portfolio is it takes a month or two as you bring things on. And so not a significant amount of increase, but we would expect those stores to start to benefit from the ECRI.
Smedes Rose: Okay. And then I just wanted to ask you on your third-party management platform, maybe it's too soon. But I know that the economics were different for the LSI tenants. And I'm just wondering if you would expect most of them to come on board, either your - I think you take a higher share? Or do you think some will leave? Or kind of what's embedded into your kind of - your outlook on that side?
Joe Margolis: Yes. I think that's a good description. So we talked to all of the managed owners that had LSI managing their stores. And our expectation is that everyone will migrate to our economics, which are significantly better than LSI's economics and also our kind of service levels. We run one program. Everyone is on the same program. LSI ran more of a customized program for their managed partners. And we will absolutely separate with some of those managed partners who don't want to work on our system, and that's fine because our goal is not to have the most stores, but to have an efficient profitable management program that works well for both parties. So, we'll continue to - we'll keep most, I think, and lose many, I think, as you said. But I'm very confident we'll continue to grow our management platform faster than anyone else in the industry.
Scott Stubbs: Smedes, one other point I would make there is, I think there's been some narrative that we are going to lose some of these customers, and Life Storage actually added 17 stores during the quarter. So, they've continued to add to their management portfolio through Q2.
Smedes Rose: Okay. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Smedes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Keegan Carl of Wolfe Research.
Keegan Carl: Yes. Thanks for the time guys. Maybe big picture here. Just wondering if you could walk us through your view on the strategy to cut street around this time last year. One, do you think the strategy worked? Two, what's the plan for here because it seems that it's had a lot of ripple effects throughout the space. It's created a more challenging operating environment for everyone?
Scott Stubbs: I'm not sure we have that kind of power, first of all, to create that kind of environment. I think we typically react, or based on the data that we're reviewing to maintain the occupancy and maintain the pricing power in terms of our existing customer rate increases. So if you look at big picture, I think we were probably one of the earlier ones to move on rate. And I think everyone else eventually, we'd like to have the hubris to think they copied us, but I think they probably saw the same thing in the data that we saw, and they moved on rates also to maintain occupancy.
Joe Margolis: I would also say that we don't guess at these strategies. We test them pretty vigorously before we implement them and keep control groups. So, we know whether we're doing the right thing or if the situation changed. So because of that, I have a high degree of confidence, we executed the right strategy.
Keegan Carl: Okay. And shifting gears here at NAREIT. I remember you guys mentioned that marketing spend was up materially in May, and you weren't seeing the same results. So one, is it fair to assume that since you weren't seeing the results you wanted that you drastically reduced that in June? And I'm just curious how it translated in July and how you're thinking about marketing spend in the back half of the year?
Joe Margolis: Yes. Good memory. So, we did run some tests during that time period with significantly higher marketing expense, and we didn't see the return on those dollars spent, so we pulled back. And we'll continue to test as we always do, in what situations can we get an acceptable return on incremental marketing dollars. And whenever that's the case, we're happy to spend them. And if we can't get that return, we're not going to spend money for no reason at all.
Keegan Carl: Okay. Thanks for the time guys.
Joe Margolis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem of Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: Hi. Thanks so much. Just two quick ones for me. So back to the question on sort of the top of the funnel demand. I think you talked about sort of things changing in June and July, where you can maintain occupancy, but not sort of pricing power. So when I tie that into sort of the guidance ranges for the back half of the year on the same-store revenue, how do we think about sort of the conviction or the potential upside and downside as you're going to the back half of the year on the revenue front? So what I mean by that is, do you sort of need to see trends stabilize or get better in the next sort of two to three months to get there or what's sort of baked into that? Thanks.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So, I think what we've seen early in the summer in July, is that there is demand. You just can't get the occupancy and the rate. As we move throughout this year, we have easier comparables from last year. And so that's where it gives us the confidence to be able to go with the numbers that we've done - that we've gone with. We think that it gets easier as we move through this year in terms of new customer rates. And so that's where we're confident. And again, as we mentioned before, where you are in that range is going to depend somewhat on how quickly we get some pricing power.
Ronald Kamdem: Right. And I guess my follow-up - the follow-up question I have was just because I think the guidance range is just 0 to 2%. But the heart of my question was like, is there a conviction that you can't go negative at some point or is it just - things just don't move that quickly. That's - I'm just trying to figure out like rate of change here?
Scott Stubbs: So if you look at the lower end of the guidance, I think it does imply that you could tick negative for a period of time in the back half of the year.
Ronald Kamdem: Got it. That's helpful. Last one, just on LSI. We noticed the occupancy dip as well, and I think you explained that they kept maybe pricing higher. I just want to go back to the synergies guidance because initially, I think it was $60 million revenues, $40 million in expenses, and you reiterated sort of. Has that mix changed at all? Is it more - or is it sort of still the same? Because presumably, the outlook for revenues have sort of shifted a little bit? Just trying to understand that $100 million still the same mix? Or has that moved around a little bit? Thanks.
Joe Margolis: Yes, it's a good question. So, we had initially had four components of underwritten synergies. We had G&A. We had reduced marketing spend. We had increased store revenue, and we had tenant insurance. Tenant insurance has stayed about the same. We feel better about G&A that we'll do better than that component. The marketing piece we will not achieve. We - since we did the underwriting, we have decided pursuing a dual brand strategy, which we can discuss, if you like. But the marketing savings was presumed to be under one brand. But we think that the revenue increase, the rental increase in revenue increase from two brands will more than offset the $50 million underwritten marketing savings, and we'll also save about $70 million or so of rebranding costs. So better in G&A, won't achieve the marketing savings, about the same in tenant insurance and better at the property level.
Ronald Kamdem: Super helpful. I think I'll follow-up offline just to make sure I got that. But that's it for me. Thanks so much.
Joe Margolis: Thanks Ronald.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim of Truist.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Just going back to the LSI topic. This year, you're guiding towards $0.10 to $0.15 of dilution. I'm just curious, how should we think about that during - like how should we think about that improving into next year, just given the size of the portfolio? I think it's going to be pretty helpful for people to understand the earnings runway from here on out?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. When we announced the deal, we said that it would be just under 1% accretive and that assumes the full $100 million. So assuming we hit the run rate early next year, clearly, it shouldn't be dilutive next year. And you should start achieving a portion of that 1% accretion. Now as Joe mentioned, some of these, I think, will hit earlier than others. I think G&A will start achieving some of that this year immediately. The marketing, we - marketing and revenue increases, we'll start to achieve as we send out rate increases. You can't send them all out at day one. Some of these tenants received a rate increase a month ago. And then the last one is the tenant insurance, and that should be effective January 1.
Joe Margolis: And we - sorry, on top of this, Scott. But we've also achieved non-underwritten synergies. We've got our rating upgrade, which will immediately save us on interest expenses this year and obviously, on any future borrowings. We sold warehouse anywhere to that management team at closing, which takes that loss off the books. And lots of other smaller things that were not in our $100 million that we're starting to achieve.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And earlier in the call, you mentioned that street rates are 15% higher than 2019 levels. And when I look at the cumulative same-store revenue growth that you've achieved since 2019 is closer to 30%, obviously, not purely apples-to-apples. But I'm just trying to get a sense of as rates are up 15% in '19 and revenue is up 30%, is there further risk of revenues, I guess, getting closer to that 15% mark?
Scott Stubbs: So your difference between those two numbers is your existing customer rates are more than that 15%, and that's what's created the negative churn gap that we have today.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Ki Bin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Spenser Allaway of Green Street.
Spenser Allaway: Thank you. Apologies if I missed this, but have you guys quantified the magnitude of ECRIs in the stand-alone LSI portfolio and EXR for 2Q and then through July?
Scott Stubbs: So, we have not quantified the LSI ECRIs other than the fact that we've said with the synergies, there is $50 million that has to do with ECRIs as well as potential occupancy upside. When we did the initial underwriting and the initial deck that went out with the acquisition. We showed two studies that we had done that showed a pretty significant gap between rate per square foot on their stores and our stores. And we did not assume that we closed that gap 100%. We assume that we only closed about one-third of that gap.
Spenser Allaway: Okay. And sorry, did you quantify it for ESRIs portfolio?
Scott Stubbs: We did not quantify anything in terms of the back half of 2Q in terms of ECRI.
Spenser Allaway: Okay. And then I know you guys have spent a lot of time on this call, and thank you, just provide any color around the potential uplift you expect on operations from the LSI portfolio. But are there any concerns as it relates to the NOI kind of operating margin that you guys kind of hope to achieve with this integration just as we started to see some material weakness in some of LSI's smaller secondary markets? Or said differently, are there any like structural or demographic headwinds in those markets that you think that maybe your scale or superior revenue management platform won't be able to overcome in the near term?
Joe Margolis: So it's a good question. I think we really look at this on a long-term basis. And are there going to be some markets that we adopted from LSI? We weren't in Buffalo. How is Buffalo going to do? I'm not sure. Over the short term, they will be weaker and some will be stronger, sure. But what is really important is the increased diversification and to have greater variability in where all the cash flows come from is just going to help take volatility out of returns. So yes, some markets will do better. Some markets will be worse market cycle through performance. But over the long term, it's going to be a benefit to the company.
Spenser Allaway: Okay. Thanks so much.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Hughes of Raymond James.
Jonathan Hughes: Hi. Good afternoon. So normally, we see street rates are, I think, really only impacted by new supply, but deliveries have been pretty muted for the past few years. And I know you said in Ki Bin's question earlier that you don't think your strategy implemented a year ago impacted the industry. But the extra-fast brand is the second largest out there. So my question is, when you take a bit more of an introspective look and maybe be a little more careful about running these types of strategies in the future because I do think some of your peers, certainly smaller ones might agree that the seeming price war we have today started a year ago, which did coincide with the strategy change.
Joe Margolis: So I think it's important to remember that even though public and Extra Space and cube and life are the largest brands. It's still a highly fragmented industry. And we don't control these markets in any respect. We have many, many stores where most or all of our competitors are mom-and-pops and not REIT. So we only have one or two REIT competitors. So we're going to continue to adopt strategies that we think produce the best long-term results for our shareholders and not really care about what it does to others.
Jonathan Hughes: But if the - I understand the fragmented nature of the market, but I think if you look at maybe the comparable product, an Extra Space property is, I think, different than, say, the Gen 1 drive-up mom-and-pop. So if that's your target consumer, and they want your product that's multistory air-conditioned. They don't want that legacy property. Your share of that market is much greater. And so I think maybe that's where some of my line of questioning came from that overall on the industry basis, yes, I think the Extra Space brand. We all know the concentration. But I think on the actual like-for-like type of product competing for that type of customer, I do think you own a little more sway than you think. So that's my question.
Joe Margolis: I would respectfully disagree. I think our private competitors are not all Gen 1 older. There's plenty of sophisticated private regional operators that have new store climate control that are very comparable to our stores. Their systems and their operating platforms aren't comparable to us at all. But from a tenant standpoint, the product is the same.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay. All right. Well, that's it for me. I appreciate it, and happy early birthday, Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Jonathan.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Jonathan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Thanks for the time. Just a couple of quick follow-ups. Firstly, is there any update on Storage Express and how that transition is going and then the rollout of the strategy?
Joe Margolis: Yes. So Storage Express was a little harder, frankly, to put onto our systems than Life Storage because we had to put it on a system with a different operating model that we hadn't had program. But once they got on to our system, everything is working very well. And one of the reasons we're confident with the ECRI program for life storages, we just went through that ECRI program for Storage Express, and we saw how their customers accepted it. So in terms of integration very well. Operating through six months of the year ahead of underwriting, which is good. Growth is a little slower than we underwrote as we scaled that back while we were focused on the LSI merger. So we bought five or we've approved for purchase five remote stores, less than $30 million, so smaller stores, $130 a foot, but 7% yields in the first year. So once we can turn our full attention to growing this, we're excited about it. So the summary would be, everything on track or ahead of track going well, just slower growth than we thought as we turned our attention to integrating Life Storage.
Juan Sanabria: And just one more question for me. And I appreciate you guys are focused on maximizing revenue, but a lot of the conversation today has seemed to have talked about occupancy and maintaining occupancy and the importance of that. So I was just hoping you could square it here. I mean is there a chance that maybe you're kind of hooked on the high occupancy? I know that's not the most elegant way to phrase, but just would appreciate your thoughts there.
Joe Margolis: Yes. So as I mentioned earlier, our strategies are based on results of testing that we do. And our - the results of those tests have led us to have a strong conviction that we want to have incrementally higher occupancies. We want to seek the longer-term customers, and both of those things come at the expense of initial rate and try to make that up through ECRI. So I apologize if we've spoken too much about occupancy, but it is a tool to maximize revenue.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference back to Joe Margolis for closing remarks. Sir?
Joe Margolis: Great. Thank you, everyone, for your time today. I want to emphasize and assure everyone that everyone here at our combined teams is very focused not only on integrating the companies, but maximizing performance at our stores as a difficult time. We are very, very excited about the future. We see a lot of tailwinds in 2024 is beyond as the underwritten and non-underwritten synergies from LSI hit the books, given the moderating delivery of new stores, given that we have $0.23 of dilution from lease-up stores that will come to the bottom line, that eventually interest rates will be lower. Eventually, the housing market will recover, and we will continue to grow our ancillary management bridge loan and insurance businesses. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-03 14:35:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for all for standing by and welcome to the Extra Space Management First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays program is being recorded. And now, Id now like to introduce your host for todays program Mr. Jeff Norman. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Jonathan. Welcome to Extra Space Storages first quarter 2023 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the Companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the Companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, May 3, 2023. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Jeff. And thank you, everyone, for joining todays call. We have had an exciting couple of months, and a lot has happened since our fourth quarter earnings call in late February. Operationally, occupancy remained very strong through the first quarter, ending March at 93.5%, our highest first quarter result outside of the COVID years. Our strategy to maintain high occupancy through the winter allowed us to sequentially increase rates to new and existing customers through the first quarter, driving same-store revenue growth of 7.4%. Same-store expenses were lower than expected due to normalizing payroll expense growth, as well as year-over-year savings from repairs and maintenance and property taxes. As expected our same-store NOI growth rate moderated sequentially from the fourth quarter due to an exceptionally difficult 2022 comparable and was modestly ahead of our internal projections at 8.7%. We have also been busy on the external growth front. We continued to grow our third-party management platform with net additions of 44 stores. We acquired six stores primarily in joint venture structures. We originated $53 million in bridge loans. We started our external growth phase of our remote storage strategy, approving three remote model acquisitions, two of which are in our primary markets. Subsequent to quarter-end, we closed the second preferred investment with an affiliate of SmartStop in the amount of $150 million. And of course on April 3rd, we announced a strategic merger with Life Storage through a leverage neutral all stock deal. We believe this combination will produce an even more formidable portfolio, team and platform with over 3,500 stores across 43 states. We anticipate that there are at least $100 million in annual run rate synergies with this transaction that neither company could have created on their own. So far, everything is on track to successfully complete the merger in the second half of the year. And as we continue to refine our integration plan, we are even more confident that we can achieve at least our stated synergies. Further, there are additional potential growth drivers and synergies not captured in the minimum target of $100 million. These include additional expense savings due to increased scale, a lower cost of capital, a 50% increase in data, which could further improve property performance, a larger pool of properties to evaluate opportunities, such as expansion, redevelopment, and solar installation and finally, broader industry relationships, which will provide greater reach and scale to offer potential products and services and build our acquisition pipeline. We are working hard to complete the pending merger and I appreciate the efforts of the teams from both companies and the way they have remained focused on driving the existing business as we enter the busy leasing season. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Joe, and hello, everyone. As Joe mentioned, we had another good quarter, beating our internal FFO projections by $0.04. The beat was driven by better than expected property net operating income, lower G&A and higher management fees and tenant insurance. Interest income and interest expense both came in modestly lower than modeled, generally offsetting each other. Achieved rates to new customers have been improving sequentially since bottoming out in November. In January, year-over-year rates improved to approximately negative 14%; in February, they were negative 11%; and in March they were negative 3%. We did see lower rental volume in March at those rates. And in April, our pricing algorithms dropped rates modestly with average achieved rates in April closer to negative 7% year-over-year, contributing to higher rental volumes in April. Turning to the balance sheet, we completed a $500 million bond offering of five-year notes with a coupon of 5.7%. We used the proceeds to reduce our revolver balances to less than $100 million at the end of the quarter, leaving over $1 billion in revolving capacity. We reduced our floating interest rate exposure to 22% of total debt net of variable rate receivables. Shortly after the announcement of our proposed merger with Life Storage, S&P Global updated our rating to CreditWatch positive, confirming its view that the proposed transaction is credit-enhancing, given the increase in scale and potential synergy opportunities. We reaffirmed our guidance ranges for same-store growth expectations and core FFO, which do not include the impact of the proposed merger with Life Storage. We made modifications to our 2023 outlook to capture the SmartStop preferred investment, delays in bridge loan closings, the impact of our bond deal on interest expense, and other adjustments to tenant insurance in G&A. Property net operating income in the first quarter was modestly ahead of our expectations. As we progress through the leasing season, we will monitor achieved rates to new customers, rental and vacate trends, web traffic and top of funnel demand before revisiting these guidance ranges after the second quarter. As mentioned on our fourth quarter call, our guidance assumes positive same-store revenue growth for and throughout the full year. It assumes the growth rate moderates more quickly in the first half of the year, due to exceptionally difficult first half comps, troughs in this summer and modestly reaccelerates late in the year. Much of our NOI growth is offset by the first year headwind of our investment in non-stabilized properties, which carry approximately $0.23 of dilution, the modification of the NexPoint preferred investment and higher interest rates. While each of these headwinds slows our 2023 growth, we believe they will result in stronger long-term growth rates over a multiyear period for shareholders. Were off to a great start in 2023. We believe storage as an asset class is among the most resilient in the REIT space, and that the sector will continue to produce healthy, albeit moderating year-over-year growth. We believe our operating platform and highly diversified portfolio will become even stronger through the Life Storage merger and are well positioned for another solid year. With that, operator, lets open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Todd Thomas from KeyBanc.
Todd Thomas: I just wanted first to ask about occupancy in April. If you could talk a little bit about any post quarter updates there, where you stand year-over-year and just talk about rental demand coming out of March a little bit in greater detail.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Our occupancy at the end of April increased about 30 basis points. At the end of April, we were 93.8%. So we actually are in a good position moving into the rental season. We saw good rental activity during the month of April.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And within the guidance framework, where would you expect to see occupancy kind of peak in June, July? It seems like the quarter-end occupancy, which was about 10 basis points below the quarter average was a little unusual from a seasonal standpoint. Are you pleased with the occupancy improvements that youre seeing, is it a little bit below what you were anticipating? And, yes, if you could just talk about what you expect in terms of the peak during the rental season?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So, as we did our guidance, we focused obviously on revenue, but in that number, we do assume that occupancy is a negative delta compared to last year, less than 1%, youre up against two of the toughest years, the last two years with the COVID peaks. But there is a slight negative headwind with occupancy throughout the entire year. Its pretty consistent.
Todd Thomas: And last question, in terms of the guidance, so you updated the dilution that you expect from C of O and value add acquisitions was $0.25 initially, its $0.23. Is that -- whats driving that? And is that related to the guidance going forward for the balance of the year or -- I mean, is that the full year dilution thats actually been increased and -- or decreased and is an improvement relative to the initial guidance?
Scott Stubbs: Its actually an improvement of $0.02 compared to initial guidance, and its from two things. Leased up properties are filling up faster, and then it assumes that the timing on a couple of the C of O and acquisitions is bumped back slightly.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith from UBS. Michael, you might have your phone on mute. Moving on, one moment. Our next question then comes from the line of Juan Sanabria from BMO. Your question, please?
Juan Sanabria: Joe, I think you mentioned at the top the remote storage acquisitions. Could you just talk a little bit about what youre seeing early days there, and what the opportunity set could be going forward? And any thoughts about how that could tie in with Life Storage, recognizing its early days there?
Joe Margolis: I dont know if everyones having this problem. We have a very bad connection. Could you repeat the question, please? We couldnt hear it here.
Juan Sanabria: Sure. Is that better?
Joe Margolis: A little bit. Yes.
Juan Sanabria: Just curious, Joe, you talked about the remote storage investments in the first quarter
Joe Margolis: We cant here.
Juan Sanabria: Just curious, Joe, you mentioned remote storage acquisitions in the first quarter. Just curious on what early learnings are and what that opportunity set is. And if theres any tie-ins or expansion opportunities to that opportunity with Life Storage pending transaction, just curious on -- bigger picture thoughts on what that could represent for you guys?
Joe Margolis: Its a great question. So with respect to the opportunity set, I think its masked, right, the number of small stores in our market that we traditionally would not look at for acquisition, because we could not efficiently manage them without permanent -- 100% on site management is huge. And not only existing storage but just vacant space, we can turn it this storage that is small. And then, we will undertake an effort to go through the Life Storage portfolio and see which of their stores would be candidates for this type of different management model. So, it is an exciting opportunity set that we will look at.
Juan Sanabria: Is there a different margin that these remote storage spaces are capable of generating?
Joe Margolis: I think the margin is not different, but the efficiencies gained by managing them through the remote platforms make the margins acceptable. You can get to the right margin, because you have the reduced expenses, if that makes sense.
Juan Sanabria: Yes, it does. And then just curious, you talked about and seemingly are very confident on the synergies from the pending LSI transaction. I was hoping maybe you could just unpack a little bit whats driving that increased enthusiasm post the transaction being announced?
Joe Margolis: Well, were certainly learning more about the opportunities within the Life Storage portfolio, and the synergies we could gain by combining that portfolio with ours. Ill give you just one simple example. In our underwriting, we assumed we would need to have six new regional offices. Weve now gone through everything and were going to end up with four regional offices. So, thats just one example of many incremental savings that we think we can achieve. And we also become more and more confident on the revenue synergies as we learn more and more.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Samir Khanal from Evercore ISI.
Samir Khanal: [Technical Difficulty] youve implemented. Just trying to -- whether its markets, regionally, anything youve seen, clearly weve had the headline risk out there with the banks, the regional banks. Just wondering, is there any signs that youre seeing at all at this point?
Jeff Norman: Samir, we only picked up about second half of your question. Could you repeat the full question?
Samir Khanal: I was asking about whether youre seeing any pushback from existing customers on price increases, whether its -- weve seen a lot of headlines over the last few months, right, regional banks having issues. I dont know if you can make some comments around markets where you see maybe occupancy drops or bad debt pickup? Just trying to see any sort of things that may -- on the negative side or pushback that you may have been getting from existing customers on the price increases.
Joe Margolis: So, its a good kind of health-of-the-customer question. And to answer specifically your question, we have not. We peaked out at about 800 basis points greater move out from customers who receive the ECRIs than those who didnt. And that has trailed back down towards the more normal rate and it has stabilized in a number thats a little higher than normal, but our ECRIs are a little higher than normal. So still a very manageable number and justifies the program. But, we also see signs of health in the customer in our very low bad debt under 2%, and willingness of customers on the demand side. The strength of demand, which frankly isnt as good as it was during the COVID years, but if you look at demand statistics compared to pre-COVID years, it is pretty comparable. Demand is still strong in this sector.
Samir Khanal: Okay. Got it. And I guess, for Scott, just as a second question, I know in the last earnings call, you spoke about expense pressures that you could face this year. I mean, youre doing about 3.5% growth in the first quarter. Maybe talk us through kind of what youre expecting for expense pressures? And maybe what are you seeing so far sort of year-to-date?
Scott Stubbs: So, if you look at our expenses, payroll is progressing as expected. We expected it to go back to a more moderate pace than what weve seen in the past year. And we saw that at 3.9% in the first quarter, and we would expect that to continue to moderate as we move throughout the year. Moving to the other big expense items, payroll -- property taxes were actually a benefit to us in the quarter. We were negative and we would not expect that throughout the remainder of the year. We would expect that to be an inflationary plus. The other one that was a benefit in the quarter is snow removal, which living in Utah, we never would have guessed we had lower snow removal throughout the rest of the U.S., but it was actually a benefit for us in the quarter. In terms of other expense items that we expect some potential pressure moving forward, we do our property -- we renew our property and casualty insurance 1st of June, and we would expect that to see another sizable bump similar to what I think everybodys experiencing.
Samir Khanal: And whats -- just as a follow-up, whats the size of it? Can you just sort of quantify that as we think about from a modeling perspective?
Scott Stubbs: Were still in the early phases, but its definitely double digits, and could be significant. The other expense item that ran at 11% in the quarter is marketing, and well use that as needed throughout the year, if we find that we find positive returns on our marketing spend and we can spend that instead of cutting rates. Obviously, thats the first area well look.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Keegan Carl from Wolfe Research.
Keegan Carl: Maybe first just on your same-store pool breakouts. Can you help us better understand the outperformance of the 2023 pool relative to the 2022 pool, especially given that occupancy was higher in the 2022 pool?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Your benefit comes from adding properties that are finishing the final stages of lease-up and those properties either came from C of O properties or acquisitions. And so as they stabilize, rates typically continue to outperform the same-store pool. Our definition goes back to our IPO of our same-store pool, and thats 80% occupancy, or we have to own them for a year. So, we do see some benefit. If you look at the three pools in our subs, and each year, it gets a little slower.
Keegan Carl: Okay. No, thats helpful. And then, I guess on the acquisition market, just kind of curious, what are you guys seeing as far as volumes and cap rates? And how should we be thinking about it the rest of the year? And I guess, as an adjacent one to that, I mean, how is it impacting your bridge lending program?
Joe Margolis: Good question. So, volumes in the transaction market are significantly down. Theres not a lot of distress in the self-storage market, so sellers dont have to sell. And if they dont get the price they want, they dont sell. So, theres a significant bid-ask spread. The deals we do see trade all seem to have some unique story. Not sure theres enough of a market to tell you what cap rates are because everything seems to be unique. And unfortunately, our bridge loan volumes were slower in the first quarter than we expected. Now, that being said, there is some seasonality to this business. If you look back at three or four years weve been doing this, we always end up closing the most loans or proving the most loans in the second half of the year. So, we hope we follow the same pattern, but we were a little slower than expected in the first quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith from UBS. Your question, please?
Michael Goldsmith: Can anyone hear me?
Jeff Norman: We can year you now.
Michael Goldsmith: Okay, great. My first question is just about the cadence through the -- this quarter, you talked about street rates moving from down 14% to down 3% January through March, and then kind of returning back down to 7% in April. It sounds like from a lot of your peers that March was a particularly challenging month. So, I was wondering what you were seeing that -- are you able to kind of parse out what was going on between the demand side relative to where you set rates versus just kind of like the overall demand environment in March and how that translated into April?
Joe Margolis: Yes. I dont want to overstate the difficulties of March, right? I think we pushed a little harder with rates than maybe we should, which is fine, right? Thats what the algorithm should do. They should try to find that point of resistance. And we went from minus 11% in February all the way to minus 3% in March, and we did see that there was some weakness at that level and the systems brought things back and were recovering. So yes, March wasnt the best month in our last four months. But overall, the last four months have been strong. Its been good for us. As Scott says, were overperforming our expectations.
Michael Goldsmith: And my follow-up is related to the bridge lending program. Can you provide a little bit more color on just kind of the reasoning why deals may have been falling out? I would think this would be a good environment for bridge lending. And sort of related to that, there was a nice pickup in the third-party management net stores that you added. So, can you just talk a little bit about the appetite for kind of independent players looking for third-party management in this environment? Thanks.
Joe Margolis: Sure. So with respect to bridge loans, you have a couple of things going on. One, you have seasonality, which I mentioned. The second is, we had a couple of deals get dropped, deals we had already signed a term sheet, collected a commitment fee, was in our numbers for pipeline and the borrower walked on the commitment fee. And then, we had a couple that were delayed. So normal, I think, volatility in a business, and we will hope to pick it up in the second half of the year. With respect to management, we had a great quarter. We picked up 11 stores from NexPoint as part of our strategic relationship with them and the 37 other stores, and the churn is much less in the management business. We only lost 4 stores in the quarter because the transaction market is so slow. And one of those we bought into a JV. So we had a great start to our management business. We expect to have a great second quarter as well. And its -- one of the advantages of having multiple growth drivers is that when one might be growing a little more slowly, another one could be growing a little more quickly. And it always allows us to grow the overall enterprise.
Michael Goldsmith: Can you provide a little bit more specifics around why some of the bridge lending deals would be dropped? Are they -- is it a reflection of the self-storage environment? Is it -- reflects like the lending environment, the appetite for others to lend? Im just trying to get a sense of kind of factors surrounding that bridge loan program.
Joe Margolis: So, some of our bridge loans are commitments to issue the loan upon completion of construction, right, because we wont lend until the property has a CO and is operational. And when the project gets built and the CO is issued, if the owner has a different plan, maybe he sells the property instead of borrowing it or maybe he finances it some other way, they have the option to walk from their commitment fee and not take the loan.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from Truist.
Ki Bin Kim: So first question, your New York City Metro area same-store revenue decelerated a little bit further than your portfolio average. Im not sure what was the cause. If it is a comp issue, or if youre seeing additional pressures in the new supply deliveries in Northern New Jersey, but any kind of color you can share would be helpful.
Joe Margolis: I think those certainly are both important factors to that. I think youve circled that Ki Bin.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And in terms of the LSI merger and the synergy math that youve talked about, a lot of the focus has been about getting the synergies from the LSI portfolio, but I was wondering if you can maybe take a different perspective and look at it from a combined basis. What is the upside from the combined company in terms of improving the overall NOI picture -- NOI margin picture and maybe close the gap between you and your larger peer?
Joe Margolis: What was the gap in terms of margin?
Ki Bin Kim: Yes.
Joe Margolis: So, I think margin is a difficult thing to compare because its not apples and apples, right? So for example, if one company has a much larger deductible on their insurance program, they may have a lower insurance cost, but theyre taking more risk. Neither one is right nor wrong, but theyre just different strategies that will affect your margin. Secondly, margin is affected by what you include at a store level cost and what you include at G&A level cost. So I wouldnt look at -- compare our margin to our largest peers and assume that its an apples-to-apples comparison. But I really appreciate your question, which is, do we think there are additional synergies in the overall portfolio that arent in the underwritten number that weve given? And its absolutely true. I mean, just things like densification, right? If we now have a district manager, our district managers cover about 17 stores. And because of our portfolio footprint there have 8 stores in 1 city and 10 stores in another, thats inefficient. It has travel costs and other negative impacts. But as we get more and more stores and those footprints of the district managers get smaller, one, they can take on more stores, which reduces the number of district managers we need; and second of all, just become more efficient in their coverage of those stores. So, theres a lot of those types of synergies that we absolutely expect to achieve that are not in any of our numbers. The other thing is the testing with running a second brand and whether the revenue uplift from the second brand will more than cover the cost of maintaining a second brand, and were hopeful and optimistic that we are going to figure that one out as well.
Ki Bin Kim: And, Joe, you talked about the benefit of having more data, but theres obviously a diminishing return to that because this 50% more data doesnt mean youre 50% more better. So, can you just talk a little bit more about that and what the upside looks like from a more tangible standpoint?
Joe Margolis: So if you went and talk to our data scientists, Im not sure theyd agree with that. They cant get enough data. But yes, I mean, I think, logically, youre right. Its not 1:1, but its certain -- there certainly is a benefit -- from nothing else in just the speed in which you can get statistically significant results, right? We can run tests faster and then implement whatever the optimized solution is quicker because with more data in a bigger pool, you get this statistical significance quicker.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem from Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: Just two quick ones for me. So, one is on the -- just going back to the tenants that are coming through some of the online or the mobile, just after a couple of years, a couple of quarters from COVID now, any sort of learnings in terms of how theyre behaving versus sort of tenants that are coming into the store? Is it the same? Is there sort of any noticeable difference?
Joe Margolis: So, weve always observed differences of tenant behavior depending on what channel they come through, both in terms of whats an effective tool to capture that tenant and what their behavior is in terms of unit size, length of stay, other factors. And were constantly refining the differences in our different channels that is the results of those learnings.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. And then the -- just going back to the expenses, the property tax being negative. I know you touched on it, but can you give a little bit more color sort of what happened there on the negative growth on the property taxes? Thanks.
Scott Stubbs: Thats primarily appeals that we won during the quarter then revised numbers going forward. So it really relates primarily to prior periods as you win those appeals from prior periods.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller from JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller: I guess a couple of questions. First of all, going forward, should we think of the bridge loan program and balances as kind of going up and down based on acquisition opportunities, or should we really be thinking about that business as being completely independent regardless of what youre thinking about the acquisition markets?
Joe Margolis: I think the latter. I think our capital position is such, one that we can fund bridge loans that we feel are good deals and do so in a capital-light manner because we can sell the A notes and not restrict ourselves from good acquisition opportunities because were making bridge loans and vice versa.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. And second question, I apologize if it was discussed before. But part of Scotts comments I think were a little garbled, at least on my end. But can you touch on the percentage of customers that have been in place over a year and over two years? And if youre seeing any degradation in that ratio?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So, if you look at our customers that have been with us for more than two years, that number is now in the upper-40s, about 47%. Customers that have been with us 12 to 18 months, thats in the low-60s. That number has actually come down some. So, long-term customers, beyond two years is increasing. That midterm customer has actually come down a little bit.
Operator: And this does conclude the question-and-answer session of todays program. Id like to hand the program back to Joe Margolis for any further remarks.
Joe Margolis: Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for your time and your interest. I want to thank the LSI team for their great cooperation, professionalism and efforts over the past many weeks. Ive been very impressed with every individual we have interacted with, how theyve handled themselves, and Im very grateful. I also want to assure our shareholders that while we are spending a lot of time preparing for this merger and its time consuming and a significant effort, everyone at Extra Space Storage remains focused on the fundamentals of our business, which is driving performance in our stores. Thank you very much. I hope everyone has a good day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-23 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for all for standing by. Welcome to the Q4 2022 Extra Space Storage, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. After speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions].  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand the conference over to Jeff Norman. Please go ahead.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Chris. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our Web site. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, February 23, 2023. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Jeff. And thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. We had another strong quarter to cap off an exceptional year. Our 2022 same store revenue growth of 17.4% is the highest in our company's history and for the second consecutive year, core FFO growth was above 20%. I am proud of the Extra Space team for another year of strong performance across all aspects of the business. Now speaking to the fourth quarter, despite difficult comps and the return of seasonality, same store revenue growth was ahead of our expectations at 11.8%. Vacates continued to normalize during the quarter and demand remained seasonally steady, leading to strong same store occupancy levels ending the year at 94.2%. Our high occupancy allowed us to maximize revenue and grow customer rates across the portfolio. Despite offering lower rates to new customers, total net rent per square foot increased 12.8% year-over-year. We experienced expense pressure across many line items with same store expense growth of 6.7%, resulting in same store NOI growth of 13.4%. We were busy on the external growth front, acquiring 10 stores in the REIT or in joint ventures, adding 46 stores gross to our third party management platform and closing over $250 million in bridge loans. We were also very focused on integrating our 2022 strategic acquisitions, including the Storage Express portfolio, which is already slightly ahead of our underwriting. We anticipate full integration of the properties onto our platform by the end of the second quarter, which will provide additional digital marketing, revenue management and operational efficiencies. We have also started to test new operational strategies at both Storage Express and Extra Space stores and we are beginning to see some early external growth opportunities in new and existing markets for Storage Express. Our strong property NOI, plus our external growth efforts, resulted in core FFO growth of 9.4% in the quarter and 22.1% for the year. This allowed our Board of Directors to increase our first quarter dividend by 8%, contributing to a total five year increase of 108%. As we look forward to 2023, we are encouraged by the fundamentals of the business. New supply continues to moderate from 2018, 2019 peaks, and we expect even lower competition from new supply in our markets in 2023. Customer demand has been steady, occupancy has remained high and same store revenue growth remained above 10% through December. Our strong occupancy has allowed us to sequentially increase rates month over month to new customers since November. And we believe elevated occupancy will give us greater pricing power with new and existing customers as we move through the leasing season. We expect to face continued expense pressures but at lower levels than experienced in 2022, resulting in same store NOI guidance of 3% to 5.5%. While this level of growth represents moderation from 2022 levels, it is in line with historical norms and we believe it will compare well to other asset classes in the current environment. Our investment strategy is long term focused and we have made strategic decisions we believe will result in solid long term returns for our shareholders. In the fourth quarter, we modified the term of our $300 million preferred investment in NexPoint, trading yields for longer duration and additional managed properties. We also continued our acquisition strategy which focuses on asset light structures, non-stabilized stores or acquisitions with long term strategic implications, including Storage Express. While some of these initiatives caused short term dilution, we believe they provide more total value for our shareholders over time and unlock additional growth channels for years to come. Before handing the time over to Scott, I would also like to congratulate the Extra Space team for receiving our third consecutive Leader in the Light Award, NAREIT's highest ESG and sustainability honor for real estate companies. We are proud to be recognized as a REIT that delivers strong financial results and has also created a sustainable portfolio and company that is positioned to continue providing results for the long haul. I'll turn the time over to Scott now.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe, and hello, everyone. We had a strong fourth quarter, beating the high end of our FFO range by $0.04, driven by better property net operating income. Total same store expense growth improved from third quarter levels due to lower repairs and maintenance expense and success with property tax appeals. Payroll expense growth, while still high, improved quarter-over-quarter, a trend that we expect to continue into 2023. Turning to the balance sheet. During the quarter, we swapped a total of $400 million of our variable rate debt, reducing our floating interest rate exposure to under 29% of total debt net of variable rate bridge loan receivables. We will continue to take steps to reduce our variable rate debt and we will be methodical in our approach, recognizing that forward interest rate curves signal lower rates in the future. Subsequent to quarter end, we completed a $335 million unsecured term loan and used the proceeds to pay down our revolving balances. We have no material maturities in 2023 and we will likely to access the investment grade bond market for growth capital needs assuming it remains orderly. Last night, we released our 2023 guidance. Like last year, we have provided wider same store revenue and NOI ranges to capture the different scenarios that we believe are possible given the unusual 2022 comparable. Our guidance assumes positive same store revenue growth for the full year. However, the pattern maybe a little different than prior periods. Our guidance assumes the growth rate will moderate more quickly in the first half of the year due to the exceptionally difficult first half comps, trough in the summer and modestly reaccelerate late in the year. Same store expenses have improved from 2022 levels at 5% to 6%, resulting in projected same store NOI of 3% to 5.5%. Our 2023 core FFO range is $8.30 to $8.60 per share. Much of our NOI growth is offset by the first year headwind of our investment in non-stabilized properties, which carry approximately $0.25 of dilution, the modification of the NexPoint preferred and higher interest rates. While each of these headwinds slows our 2023 growth, we believe they will result in stronger long term growth rates over a multiyear period for our shareholders. Our guidance includes relatively modest investment in acquisitions of $250 million due to current market conditions. Third party management increase have been stronger than normal at this time of year and we believe most of our 2023 growth will be through capital light channels. That said, we have plenty of dry powder, and we will be opportunistic if we identify accretive ways to expand our portfolio and investments to maximize FFO growth. We are off to a great start in 2023 and we are confident in our ability to maintain healthy growth through the year as we see storage fundamentals normalizing to historical levels. We believe storage as an asset class is among the most resilient in both inflationary and recessionary environments and that our highly diversified portfolio is well positioned for another solid year. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Goldsmith of UBS.
Michael Goldsmith: Scott, you talked a little bit about the cadence through '23 that you expect same store revenue growth rate will moderate, or quickly trough in the summer and then modestly reaccelerate late in the year. So I guess my question is, as we think about the exit rate for the year, does that -- I guess, that implies kind of like a mid high single digit growth rate in the first half and then kind of in the low mid single digit in the back half? Is that the right way to think about it? And then is that kind of like -- does that back half implications mean you kind of return to what is considered like a steady state or normal growth rate for the industry?
Scott Stubbs: So I think it's hard to speak for the industry. I think we're obviously speaking for us. I think that your assumptions are correct based on the comments we've given in our prepared remarks. I think one point I'd maybe make is it does not assume that we go negative versus zero at any point in the year.
Michael Goldsmith: And then my follow-up question is just kind of on the components that get you there. Like what are the expectations around occupancy, street rate and your ability to pass along continued elevated ECRI that's going to allow you to generate this? And then, I guess, does that also imply that kind of some of the benefit from a lot of the elevated street rates and ECRI that you've experienced over the last couple of years, is that kind of burning off through the first half of this year?
Scott Stubbs: So obviously, we're always solving for revenue. So maybe some of the -- a little more detail on those. If you're on the high end of the range, it assumes that we have more pricing power. The low end would imply that maybe you have less pricing power. It also assumes that we continue to have the ability to raise existing customer rates. And we would assume that we would be operating throughout the year at a slight negative occupancy delta. But other than that, we're solving more for revenue.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jeffrey Spector with BofA Securities.
Jeffrey Spector: First question, I feel like I need to ask. Are you happy with your scale today? And on the acquisition front continuing to hit kind of, let's say, singles and doubles to increase that scale. And Joe, as you talked about, you've really added on some new technology initiatives or new programs that you can use throughout your portfolio at some point.
Joe Margolis: So scale is important in this business, and we have sufficient scale in almost every market we operate in and we're happy to gain more scale, but not at any cost, right? We want to be smart in our growth and we want to make sure that we are making long term accretive investments. And frequently, we use structure to do so. Our strategic investment, for example, in Storage Express will open up new acquisition channels for us, some new markets, but a lot in our existing markets, and we expect we'll gain some scale through that.
Jeffrey Spector: And then [Multiple Speakers] is there something else?
Joe Margolis: No, I was just saying -- I was acknowledging your thank you and saying thank you to you again.
Jeffrey Spector: If I can ask a second on operations, just so we can compare to your peer that's already reported, provided guidance, so it's apples-to-apples. And your guidance, the bottom, the lower end of the range, does that specifically reflect, let's say, a recession hard landing versus the upper end of the range of soft landing? And if not, how would you describe your guidance?
Joe Margolis: I mean, it's hard to say what constitutes a recession, what constitutes a soft landing. Clearly, the lower end of our guidance reflects more economic weakness that gives us less pricing power, as Scott said, and the upper end of the guidance is -- and I'm talking about same store guidance now, is more reflective of the stronger consumer and the stronger economy.
Jeffrey Spector: I'm sorry, can I just ask one follow-up? I don't know if there's a limit.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Jeffrey Spector: So then I guess my follow-up is, again, I'm just trying to put in -- think about how the year ended, what we've heard so far, again, given your competitor -- and we all knew that the first half is tough comps. I guess what are we looking for in terms of upside to the -- where peak leasing would be stronger than expected, maybe stronger than the midpoint is? Are we focusing more on occupancy, street rate? Like what are some of the things we should be focusing on?
Joe Margolis: So again, I'll reference Scott's thing. We're going to focus on revenue and whatever tools we can use be that occupancy, or discounts, or marketing spend, or all the different tools we can use to maximize revenue. We'll clearly be looking at top of the funnel demand, which is very indicative of what we can eventually charge our conversion rate through different channels. But at the end of the day, we're solving for revenue and we'll use the various components as best we see fit to maximize long term revenue.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] This question comes from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Todd Thomas: First question, I guess, just following up on the guidance a little bit. I guess, maybe first, what are you seeing in terms of occupancy trends today, where is occupancy, what does that look like year-over-year? And then, Scott, you mentioned in terms of the guidance that you're expecting occupancy to be lower year-over-year. But consistent with what you said about the sort of cadence of revenue growth, do you expect occupancy to be sort of flat or higher year-over-year in the second half of '23?
Scott Stubbs: So one thing I'd point to on occupancy, we have a really tough comp early on last year. Now that being said, we're happy with where we are today. Today, we're still -- we're at 93.5%. We've actually closed our gap slightly since we started the year. And so we're happy with where we are. I think that when we look at our guidance and the opportunity here, it's going to be in rate. If you look at how our rates have done more recently, we've actually raised them month over month starting in November, which is odd for this time of the year. Normally, you're lowering rates November, December, January, February. February, you bottom out and this has been odd in that we've raised them each month since November.
Todd Thomas: And then what is the guidance for tenant reinsurance income and management fee income growth. What does that assume in terms of net growth to the third party management platform during the year?
Scott Stubbs: So we are continuing to add properties. The one thing that we have is it's a bit of a weird comp with last year where we lost some stores that were stabilized. And so you have the full revenue impact last year, and we're assuming we replace them more with lease-up stores. And so a lease-up store obviously has very low tenant insurance penetration, some of them are actually at our management fee minimums. So that should grow throughout the year. In addition, we bought several properties out of our third party management and those properties, if they are wholly owned, we no longer collect management fees on those. I believe we bought 16 properties out of that pool this year.
Joe Margolis: 39.
Scott Stubbs: 39 total, but 16 were wholly owned.
Joe Margolis: 16 into JVs.
Todd Thomas: But does the guidance assume net growth to the third party management platform during the year or sort of unchanged relative to where you ended the year?
Joe Margolis: So we have modeled in our guidance pretty modest growth in the third party management business, and that's because a lot of the growth tends to be from transactions. And the transaction market is muted at least in the start of the year. Now that being said, for the first two months of the year, we've experienced much better demand and much better action in the third party management than has modeled, and we'll see if that continues for the rest of the year.
Todd Thomas: And then if I could just sneak in one more here also. Just Joe, back to investments. You talked about investments you're making that often are dilutive upfront, but there's really good attractive long term value creation in the future. Does that strategy change at all today, just given maybe the current outlook, a little bit more uncertainty, perhaps you dial back on investments that aren't stabilized and that are at lower initial yields, or do you sort of keep feeding that pipeline? And is that strategy different for single asset acquisitions versus larger portfolios, larger scale transactions, or do you view them similarly?
Joe Margolis: So I don't think we dialed back in the sense if we see what we believe is a long term attractive investment that we want to acquire it. I would think we might do more in joint ventures to mute or avoid that initial dilution than we have in the past, right? Last year for the REIT, we bought -- almost everything we bought was lease-up value add and we increased our dilution from $0.20 to $0.25, which is a little bit of a headwind. Given our pipeline, and I don't know what the rest of the year is going to bring, but at least as we stand today, I think we'll likely go in the other direction next year and realize a bunch of that $0.25.
Todd Thomas: And then any thought on how you think about that between single asset deals or larger scale transactions, would that be the same response?
Joe Margolis: The variables when we look at a single asset versus a large transaction include availability of our capital, availability of joint venture capital; how we feel about the deal. Timing, sometimes timing forces you in one direction. So we'll look at every opportunity in and of itself, and the unique characteristics of that opportunity will lead us to what we feel would be the best execution for our shareholders.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] This question comes from the line of Keegan Carl with Wolfe Research.
Keegan Carl: I know this was kind of touched on first, but maybe just a little bit more information. So your interest expense is obviously going to grow significantly year-over-year. How much of a change in your view long term does this have regarding floating rate debt? I know you obviously said you're looking at the forward curve, but things changed. So just kind of curious here.
Scott Stubbs: So our guidance, obviously, we took a point in time with that interest rate curve, it moves almost every single day. It depends a little bit on what the Fed does, how they speak on conference calls, things like that. So it's our best guess today. It also -- it takes our current portfolio as it is today and applies that curve is basically what we're doing, Keegan.
Keegan Carl: But I mean that's not going to change. Like you're still -- I know in the past, you mentioned 20% to 30% is your ideal range for floating rate debt. That's still the case, is that?
Scott Stubbs: I think you'll see us look to work that down, but we do believe in some variable rate debt -- and I think that we're a little higher today than we would like to be. And so you'll see us look to term some of that out either through the bond market or use swaps to move that to be more fixed going forward.
Keegan Carl: And second one here. Just kind of given what's going on with the broader peer group, and you guys alluding earlier that you're interested in possible scale. Would you guys be interested in getting involved at all at the current potential deal out there?
Joe Margolis: So we're not going to comment on deals that are in the market.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] This next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose with Citi.
Smedes Rose: I just wanted to maybe get a little more color around the expense components. Maybe just how -- what are you seeing in terms of payroll and benefits and maybe how are you thinking about marketing costs, which I know pretty probably relatively low last year, but I see that they're going to go up some. But maybe just a little bit of detail around those?
Scott Stubbs: Id probably just give you some color around what our guidance assumes this next year. So our guidance for the year, we gave 5% to 6%. Let's start maybe with a couple of big items that are below that number. So payroll assumes 4% growth. Our property taxes are about 4% growth. Marketing is slightly higher. It's more in the 10% range and then the other one is -- we're expecting it to be a difficult property in casualty market. And so we're expecting to see that grow more. We also are seeing things grow like electricity and gas. Those are more in the high single digits, but we have done some things to offset that with our solar program. I mean, over 50% of our stores have solar. So while it's a high percentage, it's not a huge number.
Smedes Rose: And then I was just wondering, you modified the NexPoint relationship. Was there any particular reason to do that now? Just kind of wondering if you could maybe provide a little more detail around that and you got the right -- I guess the right approach refusal?
Joe Margolis: So pre-modification, there were two instruments, the $100 million preferred and the $200 million preferred. The $100 million was open for prepayment, that's probably a dead way to say it, but whatever the equivalent is in preferred equity and the $200 million would open this year. So we're in a situation where they could have paid off those instruments and we would have no investment. So we felt it was better to extend the terms, reduce the rate, which is costly to us this year, but long term we're getting a very accretive rate on those dollars. And we picked up 11 management stores initially, an agreement that we will manage everything for them in the future. The management contracts run three years past the payoff of the preferred. So they're very long term management contracts. And as you point out, a right of first offer, not a right of first refusal on the assets.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] This next question comes from Spenser Allaway of Green Street.
Spenser Allaway: Maybe just another one on capital deployment. You mentioned the focus on asset light channels. But can you maybe more specifically walk us through your capital allocation priority list, where are you seeing the best return on investment right now as you look across those various asset light avenues of growth?
Joe Margolis: So redevelopment of existing properties is very relatively safe on the risk reward profile. We have the asset, we know the market, we've run the store for some period of time. So building on excess land, building on RV lots, taking single story, turning it into multistory, that is relatively asset light, right? We already own the land, we already have a lot of the infrastructure and as returns 8.5% to 10%. So we'll continue to do that and in fact, we'll ramp that up over the next few years, that we'll continue to do. The bridge loan program is -- we're seeing much stronger demand than that than we thought. You saw our numbers for the fourth quarter, we're really happy with that. We expect to have a very strong year then. The benefits of that include the economics of managing the stores. The ability -- the opportunity to buy many of them, we bought a good number of them over time. And then, of course, the economics of the loan itself. And we can make that capital light because we retain the option at any time and have been selling eight pieces. Our management business, which we expect another strong year is a very, very capital light option and we'll absolutely prioritize that with the other two. Joint ventures, we're a little quieter in the fourth quarter. And in the first quarter this year than we were for the first two quarters of last year as our joint venture partners have some of the capital issues that we know those types of private equity funds are having now, but I expect them to be back sometime in the year and then we'll pick up on the joint venture program. And we're always in discussions with folks about innovative and unique structures and we hope to do some of those as well.
Spenser Allaway: And then as move-out activity has accelerated with the return of seasonality, are there any markets or regions that stand out with greater move-out activity or to the contrary have been stickier than others?
Scott Stubbs: Some of the markets that have been a little softer for us, Sacramento is probably the most difficult one for us, Phoenix has slowed and Las Vegas, are really the three that I would point to is maybe really below the average.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] This question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: Just two quick ones. Going back to the comments on sort of the rent growth. I think you mentioned you've been able to sort of push rents since November, which is unusual for this time of the year and for the past couple of months. Just maybe a little bit more details around that, particularly interested in the ECRI and what the intensity is today versus maybe the peak of COVID and what the guidance assumes?
Joe Margolis: So ECRI during the peak of COVID was very constrained by governmental regulations. And then as those regulations dropped off kind of state by state, we had kind of catch-up ECRI, where we had greater than normal, if you will, rent increases because we have this wider than normal gap between what customers were paying and what was street rate. As we look forward into 2023, we expect ECRI to continue to be an important tool for us. Customers are reacting the same way to ECRI notices as they have in the past. In fact, the incremental move-out from ECRI has trended down and is heading towards -- isn't there yet, but it's heading towards more historical norm levels. So I don't think we'll have the same kind of outsized ECRI that we did at the -- when the rent restrictions were first lifted and the gaps were extra large, but our ECRI will be important, particularly as we're giving up some rate now to get customers in. So they're coming in at a discounted rate and we'll have the opportunity to get them to market rate at the appropriate time.
Ronald Kamdem: And then maybe just a bigger picture question about sort of top of the funnel demand. You hear a lot about sort of the economy slowing down, housing activity has slowed, people are presumably moving less than they were during the pandemic. But it sounds like what you're seeing on the ground is that top of the funnel demand, I think you mentioned just as good as you've seen it. So trying to get a sense of what in your minds and what do you think is driving that, what are you hearing from customers on the top of the funnel?
Joe Margolis: So I think we have systems and methods to capture the demand that's out there that gives us a competitive advantage. Certainly, a competitive advantage over the smaller operators. And I hope and we certainly strive to have a competitive advantage over our public peers as well. So our ability to capture the demand that's out there and then convert a high percentage of it is really, really crucial and important to driving our success, particularly where demand does soften a little, and demand has softened from the peaks of cover, it's just back to more historical levels.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Just hoping, Joe, maybe you could extend a little bit upon some of the comments you made in your prepared remarks at the outset about testing new strategies and opportunities in both new and existing markets with regards to what you acquired in Storage Express and in your own existing portfolio. What that means and what we could see opened up here going forward?
Joe Margolis: I can give you an example of that. So we have this year converted two existing Storage Express stores to Extra Space stores, put in a manager, and we'll run them at our typical model. And we're in the process of converting five Extra Space stores to the Storage Express method of operation and three of those are in our primary markets, Chicago, Seattle and Vegas. So we're really interested in seeing how these two different operating models work in different markets and learn what type of store market situation characteristic the more remote managed model works and where we can maximize performance with the manager in the store. And I think this will allow us not only to optimize our current portfolio but to grow in our current markets using two different operating styles.
Juan Sanabria: And is the brand the same across both of those or is that kind of a separate point altogether? Just wanted to make sure I understood that piece.
Joe Margolis: So we are running two brands. We have Extra Space and Storage Express, and that is something we'll learn more about over time, and we'll see where it takes us.
Juan Sanabria: And then just curious on the transactions market, where you see the stabilized cap rates that you're searching for today, given the changes in cost of capital and how that's evolved over the last, I guess, 12 months as rates have kind of moved higher. So just curious on what stabilized cap rates are, I guess?
Joe Margolis: So they're higher. I mean, I think it's very difficult to say given the paucity of transactions. And each transaction is sort of -- that sort of is unique and has its own characteristics. If you put a gun to my head, I would say stabilized cap rates are in the low 5s, but it depends a lot on the individual deal. And given our cost of capital, that doesn't work for us on a wholly owned basis.
Juan Sanabria: And then just one more, if you wouldn't mind. What's the street rates that you kind of exited the year end, what are you experiencing in January on a year-over-year basis?
Scott Stubbs: So today, we are -- it's really that time of year when you're really at the bottom. If you look at our churn where -- our move-out rates compared to our move-ins, we're about a negative churn of about 23%, which is slightly more than it was in prior years. But again, this is the worst time of the year, it should start getting better in March.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] This question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: Scott, I just wanted to come back to the comment and maybe the one Joe made about kind of the first half, second half, and just to make sure I didnt misunderstand when -- I know you've got very tough comps certainly in the first half. But are you suggesting that like the Q4 same store revenue growth will be above the first quarter same store revenue growth and that you'll be accelerating into '24? I just want to make sure when I think about the cadence of same store revenue growth throughout the year properly.
Scott Stubbs: Maybe just help you get a little bit more of a reference point. We ended last year double digit, so we are coming down from there. And what we're suggesting is with the difficult comps, it obviously is decelerating more quickly because of those comps. But the first quarter -- the implication is that the first quarter will be your best. You then trough in that mid part of the year and then a slight reacceleration in the back half. I wouldn't put it in anything other than a slight reacceleration from that trough, from the midpoint, the mid part of the year.
Steve Sakwa: And then I just wanted to clarify on the kind of the loan book, because I've seen some different numbers. I think on the guidance page, you said that the loan book would have about $650 million of outstanding balance. If I look back at, I guess, the notes receivable page in the supplemental, I'm just trying to square up kind of the notes receivable balances at the end of the year. I guess, things that are slated to close, it sounds like this year, almost seem like they're above the $650 million. Now maybe you're not keeping all of that and some of those will be sold. But I was just trying to broadly thinking how much new money is going out, what's getting repaid, what's the net investment in the loan book this year?
Scott Stubbs: So maybe a little difference in how we were doing guidance this year versus last year. This year, what we guided to was the average balance outstanding. So that's a little different than what we were showing in prior years. I think we were showing more loan closings and it was getting difficult to do with sales and things like that. We ended the year at $490 million or just above $490 million in terms of outstanding balances. So that average of $650 million implies that many of the loans that we're closing in the first half of the year, we carry throughout the year, but we will continue to sell some loans. We'll still continue to sell some of those eight pieces.
Steve Sakwa: And just as a quick follow-up. Is that about the level that you think that business will be running at on a go forward basis, or could you see that number scaling up? I guess, Joe's comment suggest that there's a lot of activity out there, but I didn't know how large you wanted to make that business as a percentage of FFO going forward?
Joe Margolis: The business has so many benefits to us. I'd be happy to continue to grow it, particularly with our ability to sell A notes and manage the amount of capital we have committed to it. But it is somewhat of a treadmill, right? We are going to get to a point where these loans start to mature. We don't have a lot of maturities this year, but starting next year. And that will kind of naturally constrain the growth, if you know what I mean.
Steve Sakwa: So you think like $650 million is a reasonable balance to try and keep with things coming in and out going forward?
Joe Margolis: I don't want to agree or disagree with that, because we may have opportunities to grow it past that or we may buy a bunch of the collateral and bring it below that. So I know you're looking for me to give you a spot number, but I really can't.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] This question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim of Truist.
Ki Bin Kim: Just going back to the move-in rate question or achieved rates. What was it year-over-year in fourth quarter and on a year-over-year basis, how has that trended into February? And broadly speaking, what's assumed at the midpoint of guidance for '23?
Scott Stubbs: The negative churn -- so let's just go to our achieved rate. Our achieved rate in the fourth quarter was just over 15% negative. It troughed in November and continue to get better through February, that year-over-year delta. So in February, we're about negative 11%. And also, I'd point to the fact that these are really difficult comps in 2021. Those were the highest rates we've ever experienced. So while they are negative, just I think it's relevant to point out that comp in the prior year.
Ki Bin Kim: And did you want to -- could you comment on what's implicit in guidance?
Scott Stubbs: So guidance, we focus more on the growth month-over-month. If you look back to last year, we actually started experiencing negative achieved rate growth in June. And so our rates were negative in June, and the assumption is as they start to move positive and have that pricing power as we move into rental season.
Ki Bin Kim: And one of the wildcards is what's happening with the housing market and how that might be impacted in terms of people moving, downsizing or upsizing that might use storage. I guess how are you thinking about that wildcard as we head into 2023, and if you're assuming that is more of a normal type of environment or does the state kind of challenging?
Scott Stubbs: So I think our assumption is that we -- none of us feel like the economy is really, really good today. I think that's most people here would tell you that. But the assumption is, as it continues like it is today, we have not guided or anything, and our guidance implies a severe recession or a big downturn. Clearly, we think a healthy housing market is better for self storage, but self storage does well in good times as well as bad. So it impacts it but maybe not as negatively as other parts of the economy.
Ki Bin Kim: And if I can squeeze a quick third one here. In your guidance, in your share count, you're assuming all the OP is converted to common stock. Can you just touch on that?
Scott Stubbs: Our share counts have always assumed the as-if converted.
Ki Bin Kim: So it's not actual conversion? Okay, got it
Scott Stubbs: No. It's no change, correct. It's the as-if converted method.
Operator: And thank you for your questions. That completes our Q&A segment. At this time, I'll turn it back over to Joe Margolis and team for any closing remarks.
Joe Margolis: Great. Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for your interest in Extra Space Storage. I hope we've communicated that we are really well positioned to have a solid year in 2023. And we're fortunate to be in an asset class that will succeed in whatever economic climate we face. And I feel lucky to have the best team and operating platform that will set us up for success in 2023 and the years to come. Thank you very much, everyone. Have a great day.
Operator: And thank you for your participation in today's conference. That does conclude the program. You all may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-02 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Extra Space Storage Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that this call is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Jeff Norman, Senior Vice President of Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Hope. Welcome to Extra Space Storages third quarter 2022 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, November 2, 2022. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. With that, Id like to now turn it over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Jeff and thank you everyone for joining todays call. We had another strong quarter with same-store revenue growth of 15.5%, driven by strong rental rate growth, partially offset by lower year-over-year occupancy. We felt expense pressure across many line items, resulting in total same-store expense growth of 12.6% and same-store NOI growth of 16.4%. We continue to be busy on the external growth front, adding 40 stores gross to our third-party management platform, closing over $100 million in bridge loans in closing a number of acquisitions, most notably the purchase of Storage Express. We view Storage Express as a strategic opportunity to acquire not only an attractive portfolio with operational upside, but a remote storage platform. We believe this will unlock an additional growth channel for Extra Space to acquire and integrate smaller properties that lend themselves to a remotely managed model. Our strong property NOI plus our external growth efforts resulted in core FFO growth of 19.5%. Core FFO includes an add-back of $0.05 per share for estimated property damage and tenant insurance claims related to Hurricane Ian. We are happy to report that all of our people remain safe during the storm and we are proud of the way our team has rallied around our employees and our customers in Southwest Florida to assist them with cleanup and restoration efforts. Core FFO in the quarter was slightly ahead of our expectations driven by stronger-than-anticipated interest income and non-same-store NOI partially offset by lower-than-expected same-store NOI. In September, we started to experience a return of seasonality, putting some pressure on occupancy and new customer rates, which were both modestly lower than our third quarter forecast. As we evaluate our standard metrics to measure demand, we see the moderation we have typically expected in the fall that did not occur in 2021. While traffic is lower year-over-year, demand is in line with pre-COVID levels. Fundamentals remain strong, just not as off the chart strong as they have been in the last six quarters. As a result, we have tightened our same-store revenue, NOI and core FFO guidance ranges, eliminating scenarios that assumed only minor seasonality on the top end of the range as well as more bare scenarios, which we do not believe will materialize. This revision results in a $0.05 or a 60 basis point decrease at the midpoint of our FFO range. We never liked the idea of having to reduce our outlook, but we are also careful to maintain perspective. Our 2022 implied same-store revenue growth is the highest in the history of our company. And this is on the back of 2021, which was our second highest revenue growth year. Our implied 2022 FFO growth at the midpoint is 21%. Our balance sheet is healthy. We have access to capital and our external growth platforms are positioned to grow on an asset-light basis. As we contemplate future potential economic landscapes, including additional inflation and/or recession, we are well-positioned to continue to produce solid results due to our resilient need-based asset class, diversified portfolio and best-in-class team and platform. We are having a great year and we look forward to finishing strong in the fourth quarter. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe and hello everyone. We had a strong third quarter, $0.01 ahead of our own internal FFO projections. While same-store revenue was generally in line with our expectations for the quarter, we did have higher than expected bad debt expense. The bad debt increase was primarily driven by lower collections from auctions. In other words, our customers ability to pay for storage doesnt appear to have changed as much as an auction buyers willingness to pay for auctioned goods. We experienced outsized year-over-year growth in most of our expense line items. And I think some additional detail may provide helpful context. In the third quarter of 2021, we had same-store payroll expense of negative 9% and property tax growth of negative 4.5%, which drove total Q3 2021 expense growth of negative 4%. If we evaluate our third quarter expenses on a 2-year stack, average payroll expense growth was approximately 5.2%, average property tax expense growth was 3.1%, and total  and average total annual same-store expense grew 4.2% a year. Turning to the balance sheet, during the quarter, we completed an accordion transaction in our credit facility, adding $600 million of unsecured debt across two tranches. We capitalized the Storage Express transaction with $125 million in OP units at an average price per share of $201.84, with the remainder drawn on the revolving credit facility. This resulted in a net debt to EBITDA of 4.6x at the end of the quarter without the benefit of the additional EBITDA from Storage Express given the late quarter close. The revolver draws caused our variable rate debt to exceed our typical range of 20% to 30% of total debt at quarter end. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we swapped $200 million of our variable rate debt to reduce our floating interest rate exposure to approximately 35%. Additionally, our bridge loan balances provide a hedge against increases in variable rate debt effectively reducing the percentage to approximately 31% of total debt. We will continue to take steps to reduce our variable rate debt further. Our commitment to the investment grade bond market has not changed and we expect to utilize this market again once conditions normalize. As Joe mentioned, we tightened our 2022 guidance. Given the outsized growth and unique customer trends we have experienced over the past 2 years, we have had a wider-than-normal guidance range throughout the year to capture all of the different scenarios that we believe were possible. As we have moved through the fall, the moderation has been more pronounced than we projected at the high end. However, it was also not as severe on the low end, resulting in the tighter range. The reduction in same-store NOI guidance is partially offset by higher-than-expected interest income due to larger bridge loan balances and higher interest rates as well as an expected later modification date of the NexPoint preferred investment. We have also increased our forecast for management fees and other income. Interest expense estimates have increased due to debt associated with Storage Express, other acquisitions, additional bridge loans and an increase in benchmark rates. Given our total investment activity year-to-date, we have increased our acquisition investment guidance to $1.65 billion, all of which is closed or under contract. After these adjustments, we have tightened our core FFO range, which is now estimated to be between $8.30 and $8.40 per share and implied increase of approximately 21% year-over-year. We still anticipate $0.20 of dilution from value-add acquisitions in C of O stores in line with last quarters estimate. We are having a great year and we continue to be optimistic about our ability to maintain healthy growth in 2023 as we see storage fundamentals normalizing to historical levels. With that, operator, lets open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Jeff, your line is open.
Jeff Spector: Great. Thank you. Good afternoon. First question is on just some of the comments on seasonality, right? I guess, Joe, can you provide any other stats or any other details to give investors comfort that again this is just normal seasonality, especially given you are right, your team normally forecast really well. So clearly, the market is somewhat surprised by the decrease at the top end of the guidance?
Joe Margolis: Sure. Well, thank you for the compliment. We do normally take pride in our forecast. I think its important to understand we were in an environment where customer behavior is very different. We have no history of data about how customers react, coming out of a pandemic and therefore, we gave wider-than-normal ranges, because we had less confidence in our ability to exactly predict how customers would perform. What we see on fundamentals though, we do see slowing in demand in rates, in other metrics compared to the last six quarters or so. But if you look at pre-pandemic numbers, things look very strong and we are very comfortable with the state of the business.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, Jeff. Maybe just to clarify one point, the slowing in demand is year-over-year. Its very clear that it is still as good as it was pre-pandemic and very consistent with historical norms at this time of the year in terms of searches on our website calls that we are receiving at the stores and our rentals on a monthly basis.
Jeff Spector: And to confirm this is through October?
Scott Stubbs: So what we have in October, maybe just to give a bit of an update for October. Our October numbers, our occupancy is down about 30 bps from September, so not significantly different from the end of September and our rates have been steady through the month of October.
Jeff Spector: Thanks. And then my second question is do you still stand by your comment that you are ending 22 strong, which bodes well as we enter 23 or again, to confirm, are you seeing any negative signposts that would change that comment?
Joe Margolis: No, I think if you look at our guidance range that will give you an indication of the range of where we believe we will end 2022. Anywhere in that range is better than long-term historical storage averages. So we still believe were going to end the year strong and be set up well for 2023.
Jeff Spector: Great. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Michael, your line is open.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon, and good morning. Thanks a lot for taking our questions. From our work, your exercise of web asking rates or street rates, have been down year-over-year through the quarter. At the same time, your occupancy rate maybe hasnt had as much pressure as others. So clearly, the goal here is that youre looking to maximize revenue. But how do you think about managing the pieces, occupancy, street rates and ECRIs? And how does your current position and strategy allow you to maximize revenues kind of through this normal seasonality into next year?
Joe Margolis: So your statements are correct, right? Were trying to maximize revenue by using all the tools available, whether thats occupancy rate, discount, marketing expense, days to reserve, all the different levers we can do and its done on a unit size in each store basis, not on a portfolio basis or a market basis. So were trying to maximize revenue for whatever unit type and whatever store giving the performance and data we have on that particular unit type in the store. When you roll all of that up together onto a portfolio basis, we are certainly now favoring occupancy at the expense of rate. So were giving up a little bit of rate to have a little higher occupancy because we believe in the long-term that will create the best long-term revenue growth for the portfolio.
Michael Goldsmith: And by creating long-term revenue growth, you mean bring people in, get them into the system and get them on the ECRI program. Is that correct?
Joe Margolis: Certainly, ECRI is a very important factor there, and its also trying to attract as many longer-term customers who have a longer lifetime value than a customer whos going to come in maybe at a higher rate, but spin out after 2 or 3 months.
Michael Goldsmith: Thats helpful. And then as my follow-up question, housing turnover has been under pressure for a number of different reasons. Did you see any impact of the housing market on your results? Were the increase in interest from renters? And then does the impact of kind of housing turnover in the housing market? Is that  does that have as much of an impact now or will that have a larger impact kind of during peak leasing season when people kind of start moving up again? Thanks.
Joe Margolis: Overall, a strong housing market is beneficial to self storage, and we would prefer a strong housing market than a weak housing market. That being said, there is lots of different drivers of demand for storage, and we see solid demand in good and bad housing markets. And the best example of that is during the great financial crisis where the housing market was arguably in much worse shape than it is now, and we didnt see any drop in demand because we had demand from other types of transitions, other movements that made up for the slowdown in housing transitions.
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you very much. Good luck in the fourth quarter.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Todd, your line is open.
Todd Thomas: Hi, thank you. First, I just wanted to follow-up on the outlook and the reforecast here for the balance of the year. Can you talk about the occupancy decrease, it sounded like that fell short in the third quarter relative to what you had budgeted previously. It looked like average occupancy increased from 2Q to 3Q, which I think a typical seasonally. So where was the shortfall specifically, I guess, what fell short of budget? And then within the quarter, when did you start experiencing some of the softness that youre starting to see?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, Todd, its Scott. So I would tell you its later in the third quarter. Certainly, post Labor Day, July and August were good for us of our forecast. Post Labor Day, I think what changed is I think you saw that seasonal occupancy go back more to the norm than what weve seen in the last 2 years. And weve been saying this was a possibility for 2 years. I think it came a little quicker than we were expecting when it did come, and as a result, it impacted rates. So I think the thing thats impacted us most is the rate that we are going to charge new customers and the impact on the fourth quarter. So, not necessarily occupancy but much more new customer rate coming in and seeing a little bit of deceleration there in terms of our rate.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then in terms of the sort of heightened focus on occupancy relative to rate, is there still  are you still sort of throttling back on move-in rates and increasing promotions in order to stimulate demand or has some of that stabilized?
Scott Stubbs: So our promotions year-over-year were actually down slightly in the third quarter, and were not using promotions right now. Weve used rate more as the conversion tool. And our rates in October were flat to slightly up from where they were in September. So continues to be what were seeing in September.
Todd Thomas: Okay. Thats helpful. And then if I could just ask about Storage Express and the growth opportunity that you see by way of making acquisitions through that platform. Whats the  I guess a couple of questions. One, whats the time frame to begin capitalizing on growth through new investments? Is it something that you  that we might expect to see you capitalize on in the near-term? And then as we think about that remote storage model, how much of EXRs portfolio today do you see the potential to roll that out across?
Joe Margolis: So I would say the growth opportunity  the external growth opportunity in Storage Express is not in the near-term. Whats in the near-term, I think, is internal growth by getting them or getting Storage Express, I shouldnt say them onto the Extra Space, pricing ECRI, customer acquisition platform, and we think we can improve the existing assets performance. That is nearer term. Until we can do that, get them on our platforms, we wont aggressively pursue external growth. So thats more of a second stage. And I think that there is a small number of Extra Space Storage that mostly things we run as Annex is now that we may be able to improve the performance of using the Storage Express model. What may be more interesting is the ability to look at modest-sized stores within our existing footprint that we dont really look at now.
Todd Thomas: Okay. Great, thank you.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open, Juan.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, thank you. Maybe just following up on Todds question on Storage Express, it definitely seems like youve talked to you in your opening remarks about the strategic opportunity to widen the opportunity set and maybe acquire assets that you otherwise wouldnt have. But to what extent, I guess, do you weigh more secondary tertiary locations where you can remote manage them and cut operating overhead to do so, but manage that against maybe weaker demographics that are in place for your existing portfolio?
Joe Margolis: So, weaker demographic than our existing portfolio, we wouldnt expect to have similar demographics in more secondary or tertiary markets. We wouldnt expect to have the same rate growth, but we wouldnt expect to pay the same amount on a price per pound for the asset. So, its all about proper underwriting, getting compensated for the risk youre taking and understanding. We look at our portfolio, which is about 10% in tertiary markets now. We look at the performance of primary, secondary, tertiary market, how their CAGRs compare over rolling 10-year periods every year. And we understand that tertiary markets can be more volatile, but they also can provide very good returns. So I think its about investing at the right basis making sure youre underwriting each deal properly, understanding that in many of those markets, youre the only REIT that  we could be the only REIT that operates, which gives you somewhat of an advantage.
Scott Stubbs: Juan, the other thing I would emphasize is some of these remote assets will be in our core markets. So its not just a tertiary market strategy here. This is expanding our existing footprint in what we kind of operate today as an annex and then running those much more efficiently.
Juan Sanabria: And then just  any comments on supply, I mean I would assume that youve seen delivery delays this year and maybe the  whats coming on next year may be coming down as well. But just a view, again, going back to Storage Express between what the pipeline looks like in some of these secondary or tertiary markets that have been arguably some of the hottest housing markets in some cases and maybe getting outsized attention relative to history? How that risk reward is between the primary versus secondary and tertiary from a supply perspective?
Joe Margolis: Yes. So the first part of the question, overall, we dont have any new information or data or view is still that storage deliveries are moderating, not going to zero, not dropping off the cliff, but they are moderating that there are continuing headwinds in terms of costs and interest rates and entitlement issues and the availability of debt, and thats going to be good for the industry. We have not done a  we study supply in the markets that were active. We have not yet done a tertiary market supply analysis. Were just not at that stage yet. When were ready to start growing this platform, we will find the right markets. We will have our guys do all the research they always do, and we will make sure we understand all the dynamics of the market before we put our investors dollars into that market.
Juan Sanabria: Great. If I can sneak in one quick one on the third quarter new customer rate, how did that trend throughout the quarter? And if you could just give us the year-over-year changes to where to speed on what changed and kind of what pace throughout the third quarter?
Scott Stubbs: So, in July, we saw rates down about 7%  or achieved rates. This has achieved rates on new rentals. They were down about 7%, 8% in August and then low double digits in September. So, we averaged about negative  just about 10% negative in the third quarter.
Juan Sanabria: Thats great.
Scott Stubbs: Next one.
Operator: Please standby for our next question. Our next question comes from Spenser Allaway with Green Street. Spenser, your line is open.
Spenser Allaway: Thank you. I just wanted to go back to the topic of demand for a second. So, you mentioned that demand is roughly in line with pre-COVID levels. But given that work from home or the de-cluttering cohort is a relatively new demand driver for the sector, this would seem to imply that the other more traditional demand drivers are contributing less than average. Am I thinking about that the right way?
Joe Margolis: So, the kind of work-from-home de-cluttering demand, that was more of a 2020  December 2020 into 2021, maybe experience. We are back to more  today, we are back to more traditional demand drivers for new demand.
Spenser Allaway: For new demand, correct, yes. But I am just thinking, so as we  because I am just looking at occupancy right across the sector, and we are starting to see occupancy return closer to the historic average that we have seen within the REIT portfolios for some time. And that would seem to suggest that, that work-from-home customer has decided to re-clutter their house, right? So, I understand that it might not be contributing to new demand. But as we think about where occupancy is trending, there is arguably a new user base, right, within your portfolio. So, I am just wondering how you guys kind of think about the different demand, I guess currently?
Joe Margolis: So, I think you are only partially right. I think some of those work-from-home folks have stopped using storage. But I think there is a cohort of them that continues to use storage, and you can see that in our length-of-stay statistics, where during COVID, we had a real sharp increase in customers in our stores who have been with us for more than a year, more than 2 years. Lately, we have seen that decline a little bit, but we are still at above historic averages. So, that is telling us that some of those customers just like some of every customer that comes in some small percentage of them become that kind of permanent or quasi-permanent customer. And I think that happened during COVID as well.
Spenser Allaway: Yes. No, thats what I am saying, I guess. What I am saying is I think we are saying the same thing, so that a portion of that new customer base, right, work-from-home is staying, which I think most of us would agree that thats the case. Then my point is that we shouldnt see occupancy fall back to the historic average, but should be somewhat elevated? And I was just curious if you guys agree that moving forward, occupancy would be perhaps slightly higher than your historic average because of that new cohort using your facilities?
Joe Margolis: Sorry if I misunderstood, but you are saying good. I am glad we are on the same page. So, I think we can operate our stores or whatever occupancy we want, right. We can adjust the other metrics to get there. And  but I do agree with you. I think we learned during COVID that we can maximize revenue by operating stores at incrementally higher occupancy than we have historically.
Spenser Allaway: Great. Thank you, guys.
Joe Margolis: Sure. Thanks.
Operator: Please standby for the next question. Our next question comes from Smedes Rose with Citi. Your line is open.
Smedes Rose: Hi. Thanks. I just wanted to ask you a little more, and I am sorry, maybe I misunderstood this, but in your core FFO, where you added back I think $0.05 or $0.06 associated primarily with Hurricane Ian and the uptick in tenant reinsurance or the claims. Will you in turn, get paid back for those claims, or is that sort of add back to get to your core FFO? I mean is there like basically a claim on those earnings and you wont be recouping them? I just wanted to understand that a little bit better.
Scott Stubbs: So, $3 million of that is losses from tenant reinsurance. So, those are claims made by our customers that we will be paying out. We are not getting it back. We add it back because we dont think its part of the core number. And again, thats an estimate based on the data we had. Obviously, all those claims have not been filed. People are still kind of digging out down there. The other piece of the loss, the $3.2 million, that is for property loss and our loss number is actually higher than that because that is net of the estimated  the property insurance proceeds that we think we will receive. And again, those numbers are the best guess to-date. Go ahead.
Smedes Rose: I guess I mean why would you include the  I guess the profits from the tenant reinsurance program, but you wouldnt include the subsequent claims from that piece of business? I mean isnt that just part of your business? I mean its unusual, right? But I am just  I dont really get the add-back from that portion.
Scott Stubbs: Just we didnt view it as core. We didnt view it. We viewed it as non-recurring, much more one-time is the way we viewed it.
Smedes Rose: Okay. And then you talked about leverage being like a little skewed just because you have capitalized the Storage Express transaction, but we dont have the earnings from it. Have you guys talked about what you expect the first years contribution to be on that acquisition?
Scott Stubbs: We havent publicly. We have said that it was a market cap rate that going in was going to be lower. We felt like it was stabilized around a $6 million and the first year, obviously, lower than that, but stabilizing around $6 million.
Smedes Rose: And is that stabilization timeframe like 2 years to 3 years, or whats the typical?
Joe Margolis: Yes. Its in between 2 years and 3 years. And its an interesting one conceptually for me to try to understand yield, right. Because what we are doing is taking the cost for an entire business platform, software, people, trucks and office buildings, etcetera, etcetera, and saying the existing stores produce a return on all of that. And obviously, we didnt buy it for that. We bought it for a strategic reason because that platform can produce what we believe is future growth for us. So, thats how we came up with those numbers. I wouldnt compare it to the acquisition of a building that produces a yield because we are really buying more than just 106, 107 buildings.
Smedes Rose: Okay. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Sure. Thanks Semdes.
Operator: Please standby for the next question. Our next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore. Samir, your line is open.
Samir Khanal: Thank you. Hey Scott, sorry if I missed this, but maybe talk about sort of changes in the average length of stay that you may be seeing at this point here as we think about the ability to push rates onto the existing customers?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. We saw similar to what I think most storage operators saw and that is our average length of stay has gotten longer. If you look at our tenants in our properties today, you are 35-ish  34 months, 35 months in terms of customers that are in there today. If you look at the tenants that have been in our properties over 2 years, that number continues to grow. Its north of 60%. So, people continue to stay longer.
Samir Khanal: Okay. Got it. And then just shifting to the I dont think we have talked about the transaction market, but maybe talk about sort of unlevered IRRs and targets and how much maybe cap rates have moved, given higher interest rates? Thanks.
Joe Margolis: So, the transaction market has certainly changed. Cap rates are expanding as interest rates rise, which is natural. There is fewer participants. We see lots and lots of deals that are not getting closed, including us. We have walked from over $526 million of deals that we had under LOI based on what we thought new pricing should be. I dont think there is really any way to say with any precision what new cap rates are, how much cap rates have expanded. We  its very deal dependent. You need to wait for a lot of transaction just not occurring. We need to wait and see how it shakes out. But certainly, the direction is clear.
Samir Khanal: Okay. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Samir.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Please hold for our next question. Our next question comes from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Ronald, your line is open.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey, just two quick ones. You talked about sort of the pricing that achieved pricing in 3Q and so forth, which was helpful. I would love to move over to sort of the ECRI. Maybe can you comment on what you guys are seeing there? Are you still pushing it as aggressively as you were historically what the tenant feedback has been? Thanks.
Joe Margolis: So, COVID and the restrictions the states put on our ability to increase rents, coupled with the rise in Street rates created that unusual situation of an extra large gap between what Street rates were and what people were paying. And we have largely made up that gap. So, we will not see  well, we still will see attractive ECRI going forward. We are not going to see those outsized increases that we experienced over the last year or so.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Thats helpful. And then going back  Sorry, did I get you all.
Joe Margolis: Nope, not at all.
Ronald Kamdem: Going back to the guidance, I think your opening comments, I think you talked about sort of the ranges, bull case off the table. But just sort of wondering because its pretty unusual for you guys to do that. What changed, right, over the past three months and so forth? Was there anything specific to cause the bull case to be off the table? Just trying to figure out what changed when you were redoing the numbers? A little bit more color there would be helpful.
Joe Margolis: And I think Scott referenced earlier that after Labor Day, we saw somewhat of a change in customer behavior and a return to seasonality. And our kind of wider-than-normal guidance at the top end, at the bottom end, had different assumptions about where that will occur. And now that we have seen it begin to occur, we can narrow that guidance with more comfort that we know how customers are behaving.
Ronald Kamdem: Right. Thats it for me. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks Ron.
Operator: At this time, I would now like to turn it back to Joe Margolis, CEO, for closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Joe Margolis: Thank you and thank you everyone for your time today and your interest in Extra Space. If I could leave you with a couple of thoughts, its that 2022 is going to be another exceptional year. Even with slowing growth in rates and very difficult comps, revenue growth is very strong, and we expect it to be solid in 2023 as well. Storage is better positioned than most, if not all asset classes to endure future inflation or test or whatever type of economic slowdown we face. So, we are very excited and confident about it heading into 23.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-03 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q2 2022 Extra Space Storage, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  And I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Jeff Norman. Mr. Norman. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Norman: Thank you, Chris. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website.  Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the company's latest filings with the SEC which we encourage our listeners to review.  Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, August 3, 2022. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call.  And with that, I'd now like to it over -- time over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joseph Margolis: Thanks, Jeff, and thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. Before I report on our performance, I am happy to announce that we recently published our Annual Sustainability Report. We are proud to be a sector leader, not only operationally, but also in sustainability. I encourage you to review our report, which is posted on our Investor Relations website.  Turning to results. The strong trends we experienced in the first quarter continued into the leasing season. Year-over-year same-store revenue growth in the quarter was 21.7%, matching our first quarter growth rate. This is an all-time high for Extra Space Storage. Despite expense pressure on several line items, NOI growth remained very strong at 26%. This was achieved primarily through year-over-year rental rate growth, partially offset by a modest decrease in year-over-year occupancy due to elevated vacate activity.  With manageable new supply and durable customer demand, we continue to operate at high occupancy with strong rates. Despite inflation and the potential effects of recession, we believe we are well positioned to continue to produce strong results due to our resilient need-based asset class, diversified portfolio, strong balance sheet and best-in-class team and platform.  We were active in each of our external growth channels. During the quarter, we invested $289 million in property acquisitions and we invested an additional $92 million in July, bringing year-to-date totals to $610 million. We have continued to focus on acquiring nonstabilized properties and, as we outlined last quarter, have started closing more transactions in joint venture structures.  We started to see the market shift late in the quarter with increasing interest rates, reducing the number of bidders at the table and the bid-ask spread widening between buyers and sellers. We are being selective with our acquisitions, and we are focused on transactions and structures that will be accretive for our shareholders.  In the quarter, we closed $70 million in bridge loans, and we added 40 additional stores gross to our management platform. We also made a creative storage investment, purchasing an existing storage company named Bargold Storage solutions. This company has a different model than traditional storage. It is focused on leasing space and apartment buildings, primarily in New York and subleasing storage spaces to residential tenants.  The acquisition of Bargold added over 17,000 units to our portfolio with an occupancy rate over 97%. Due to the unique nature of its operations, we have retained their team and are keeping the entity running as a separate organization. We view this transaction as another creative investment in the storage sector which came to us through deep industry relationships.  Our strong property NOI, plus our external growth efforts, resulted in core FFO growth of 29.9%. Our growth allowed us to raise our annual FFO guidance for the second time this year. It has been another great quarter, and we are well on our way to another strong year. Storage fundamentals remain solid. While we expect our rate of growth to moderate in the back half of the year due to very difficult comps, we expect it to remain well over historical averages, with modeled year-over-year revenue growth remaining in the double digits through 2022.  I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe, and hello, everyone. We had a strong second quarter, ahead of our own internal projections. Our outperformance was driven primarily by strong property performance, which benefited the same-store pool, joint ventures and management fees.  As Joe mentioned, we were active on the external growth front. Our investments were capitalized primarily by draws on our revolving lines of credit. We issued $22 million in operating partnership units as part of the Bargold transaction, bringing year-to-date issuance of equity to approximately $60 million. In the second quarter, we repurchased approximately $63 million of shares -- in shares at an average price of $165 per share.  Due to the wide spreads in the investment-grade bond market, we've been active with our banking relationships. Last week, we completed an accordion transaction in our credit facility, adding $600 million of unsecured debt within the facility across 2 tranches. Our plan to term out debt using the investment-grade bond market has not changed, and we expect to utilize this market again once conditions normalize.  Our leverage remains low, with net debt to EBITDA of 4.4x, and our unencumbered pool is over $13 billion. We continue to have access to many types of capital, and we have significant debt capacity to support future growth and maturities, albeit at higher interest rates.  Due to our year-to-date outperformance and improved outlook for the second half of the year, we updated our 2022 full year guidance. We've increased our same-store revenue guidance to 16% to 18%, driven primarily by rental rate growth. We strive to be efficient with expenses, and we believe our continued investment in our people and our properties are contributing to our top line growth. Consequently, we experienced same-store expense increases across several line items, and we have increased our expense guidance to 7.5% to 9% for the full year.  Our increased revenue far outweighs our increased expenses given our high-margin business. As a result, our same-store NOI growth range increased to 18.5% to 21.5%, the highest NOI growth guidance in our history.  Given our total investment activity year-to-date of $790 million, we have increased our acquisition investment guidance to $1.2 billion, only $250 million of which is unidentified. Our preferred investment in NexPoint remains in place and Bridge Loan volume and interest rates are higher than anticipated. As a result, we have increased our interest income guidance by approximately $3 million.  Due to the increase in interest rates as well as our higher acquisition volume, we've increased our interest expense guidance by $13 million at the midpoint. The sum of these adjustments result in an increase in core FFO, which is now estimated to be between $8.30 and $8.50 per share. We anticipate $0.20 of dilution from value-add acquisitions and C of O stores, in line with last quarter's estimate. we're having a great year, and we are positioned for continued steady growth.  And with that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Todd Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Todd Thomas: The first -- I had a couple of questions, I guess, on the Bargold acquisition. I was wondering if you were able to share sort of the initial yield on that $180 million investment or put some parameters around the anticipated return that you're expecting on your investment?
Joseph Margolis: Sure, Todd, and thanks for your clever title to know, we all got to chuckle out of that. So we underwrote the existing business. We didn't underwrite any extraordinary growth. We didn't underwrite any synergies. We fill our G&A on top of it. And just underwriting what exists today, the first year yields in the low 4s and it grows to the mid- to upper 5s. So kind of similar to urban property investments, I would say.  And then our hope is, of course, we're going to first try to institutionalize the business, introduce things that they haven't done. In terms of technology, they don't charge administration fees, they don't offer insurance. And that's kind of the first step of the plan is to institutionalize it and bring some Extra Space's, expertise and procedures, processes to it. And then we'll see Bar growing it. We'll try to grow it in New York City. And if that works, then we'll take it outside of New York City. But it's kind of one step at a time for us.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And can you speak to some of the -- I mean, you characterized it as a creative investment. But can you speak to some of the fundamental differences in that business maybe compared to the traditional storage business whether price increases and maybe restrictions around raising rents to customers and the magnitude and frequency of increases and things of that nature as you have continued to potentially roll this out and look to grow the platform?
Joseph Margolis: Sure. Great question. So the business is leasing space in apartment buildings, and it's primarily basements and garages, building those spaces out. So if you walked into them, they would look exactly like the interior of one of our modern self-storage facilities and then leasing that only to tenants in the apartment buildings. So because of that, your customer acquisition and marketing costs are almost nothing.  It's a -- your incremental cost to grow the business is very, very small because you're not buying any real estate. It's all leases. So we bought the business, we bought the platform, and now it's capital light going forward. And the tenants are different. They stay for a long time. The average length of stay of in-place customers in this portfolio is 8 years. The churn is less than 0.5% a month compared to our churn of 6% to 7%. So it's incredibly stable.  They operate at occupancy of over 97%, and they have over 1,000 people on the waiting list. So that's a good example of synergies that we're going to experiment with is do we get those people on the waiting list into an Extra Space store until a unit opens up for them? It also tells me their pricing might not have been sophisticated as ours is. But you are right. The rate increases are limited in some instances and coordinated with the landlord because the landlord doesn't want a tenant to be unhappy or be using money he could for increased apartment rent, for increased storage rent. So there is a difference there as well.
Todd Thomas: Okay. That's helpful. And then one last question, if I could just switch over towards -- to the leasing environment and rental activity. Occupancy is at a very healthy level, but rentals were up pretty big year-over-year. And we've seen the housing market cool off a bit. And I wouldn't have thought that there'd be significant incremental demand, I guess, from some of the pandemic drivers that we saw earlier during the latter part of '20 and 2021.  Any sense where the demand is coming from today? And it seems to be fairly strong, perhaps stronger than expected. So just curious if you have any sort of information around where the customers are coming from and where the demand is really coming from?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, Todd, if you look at kind of our surveys and the questionnaires we give our customers, it's come back to pre-COVID answers. It's largely coming from people moving, lack of space obviously is needed, but not what it was in COVID.  Our rentals and vacates have moved much more to pre-COVID numbers. Our vacates are elevated slightly now, partly due to the existing customer rate increases that have gone through over the last year as we move people quickly to street rates because these state of emergencies have been removed. So while vacates have been elevated slightly, rental activity has been really good. It's been strong. So we've been able to backfill those. So we have moved people quickly to street rate.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question will come from Spenser Allaway of Green Street Advisors.
Spenser Allaway: Maybe just 1 or 2 more just on the Bargold topic. I know you mentioned the 97% occupancy. Just curious, is this kind of in line with historic norms for this company? Or is this kind of like a peak occupancy level? And then also, are there other operators doing the same thing that you're aware of? And if so, are they potential consolidation targets down the line?
Joseph Margolis: This company has historically operated at, what we would consider, very, very high occupancy levels. So over 97% would be a normal occupancy level for Bargold. I do not know of any other company that does this on the scale that Bargold does. And it's one reason that is exciting to us is the potential growth without a lot of competitors.
Spenser Allaway: Okay. Great. And then maybe just one more, just on the leasing front. We've recently heard from market participants that there's been a pull forward of peak leasing season. Just curious if that was consistent with what you've seen in the portfolio?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, I'm not sure I fully understand the question, a pull-forward?
Joseph Margolis: So I'm not sure you know that until the future, right? I mean, yes, leasing has been strong and demand has been strong, but we haven't seen it diminish to the extent we could say it's leasing from a future period that's been pulled forward. So that seems very theoretical.
Spenser Allaway: Yes. No, that kind of answers the question, right, exactly. If you guys aren't seeing a deceleration -- that's material, then that kind of answers the question. We've recently attended a conference, in which there was anecdotes in which, some market participants have been seeing such deceleration. So the fact that you guys have not, answers my question, like you said.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question will come from Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Just hoping we could double it on to the expectations built into occupancy. What's assumed in the second half in terms of occupancy declines with seasonality eventually waning and how is that compared to history?  And Joe, maybe what's the exit run rate we should be thinking about with an eye towards the starting point for 2023? And do you see any changes in the consumer behavior to make you think differently about how you're feeling about '23 relative to where you were maybe NAREIT a couple of months ago?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Juan, this is Scott. Our occupancy has been pretty consistent over the last 4 months where we've run 1% to 1.2% below prior year. And we would expect that to continue throughout the remainder of the year and maybe fall off slightly more than that as we get towards the end of the year. So we expect to be below where we finished 2021 by 1% to 1.5%.
Joseph Margolis: I think your second question was on revenue growth pattern. And we do anticipate moderation, as Scott said in his remarks. But if you look at our guidance, we'll end the year in low teens positive revenue growth, which is just a fantastic number. It sets us up really, really well ahead into 2023.
Juan Sanabria: And then just the second question on expenses. Normally, the point of contention, and the point of stress is taxes, but that's actually a bright spot relative to some of the other increases. But just curious how you're thinking about various kind of more meaningful expense line items? And how sticky those could be into '23? And are you seeing any changes or differences across the regions maybe more cost pressure in the Sunbelt versus the coastal market? Just curious on a little more color on expenses.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So first on taxes. I mean, taxes, we are seeing things get reassessed in that 5% to 7% higher. We have been the beneficiary of some appeals, which has offset some of that increase. So overall, we're seeing increases, but the appeals are clearly benefiting us. Those are more onetime.  In terms of payroll, we continue to see wage pressure. Our payroll wages are up as much as 10% and our hours are up this year year-over-year. So that is somewhat a comp from last year. So last year, we had negative expense growth in the first half of the year. So as we resume more to normal hours, as more normal staffing, that is an increase year-over-year that we would not expect to go into next year. We would expect some wage pressure, but not the hour adjustment.  In terms of other things, we also continue to see pressure -- inflationary pressure on utilities, on repairs and maintenance. And as your revenues grow, your credit card fees grow. But this is the beauty of being in self-storage. It's such a high-margin business. So while inflation does impact your expenses, you also have some opportunities on the revenue front with month-to-month leases and that shorter-term lease really is a benefit to us.
Juan Sanabria: And if maybe I could sneak in a super quick one. What's the average lease duration that Bargold has with the multifamily landlords to actually get the space?
Joseph Margolis: So the initial lease terms are between 10 and 15 years.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And next, we have Jeff Spector of Bank of America.
Jeffrey Spector: And congratulations on the quarter. Joe, I just -- I think I heard you comment quickly on -- looks like a good set up for '23. And interestingly, that's kind of been the a key debate I've had today with some incoming calls, again, strong results. Lots of skeptics that there are concerns still about weakening demand coming. I think it's interesting that I hear you -- the guidance if you achieve the second half, I guess, can you talk about then that setup into '23, which I think I heard you maybe comment on?
Joseph Margolis: Sure. So if we end the year at low teens revenue growth and knowing how increases and decreases take time to roll through the rent roll in storage, it takes a while for any weakness if we see that, if you're looking for a downside scenario to roll into results. So pick an ending point, right? I mean storage has only gone negative in revenues during the Great Financial Crisis and barely 0.1% during 2020. So pick whatever ending point you want for revenue and I think you will end up in 2023. I'm not giving guidance. I'm just doing math, above long-term historical averages in revenue growth.  And expenses, we'll continue to try to manage as well as we can. But we're going to have -- we have really hard comps this year, we're going to have fairly easy comps next year. And moving out of the store arena, everything else is growing really rapidly. Our Bridge Loan Program is growing rapidly. Our management business is growing rapidly. As the transaction market gets tougher, people tend to seek other solutions and sale, which are both -- which could be Bridge Loans. We're seeing less exits from our management business due to sales. Some of our other things that we do or seem to be shaping up and hopefully, we'll talk more about that later. So I'm pretty excited about 2023.
Jeffrey Spector: Great. Very helpful. And is it fair to say that the trends you've seen in the first half of the year continued through July into August?
Scott Stubbs: The amount of August has past? Yes. July continued from June rates were reasonably flat, June to July. Last year, like I mentioned, the rates really peaked in June, July of last year. So as last year's rate comp becomes easier, we hope that August continues to go well. But 2 days into August, it's all looking good still.
Jeffrey Spector: Great. And then my last question, just to confirm, again, are there any signposted issues? It seems like you're very comfortable continuing to push rate on the customer, the customer is taking it. But any signposts any of any issues and maybe in any markets?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So when we talk about the health of the customer, we get a lot of questions about this. We look at things like bad debt, your accounts receivable, you look at rates where they are today versus where they were.  In terms of accounts receivable, they're pretty consistent with where they were last year with the historical norms. Bad debt is very close to the historical average. Haven't seen those elevated over the past quarter.  In terms of rate, we compared to 2019, our in-place rents are up 26%, 27%. So while year-over-year looks really big, like a really big jump. When you go back a few years, it's more affordable and maybe it doesn't -- not as extreme as people would think on the surface.
Joseph Margolis: Jeff, I would add, we have stronger markets and we have markets that are less strong. And we're always looking where performance isn't as good as elsewhere and seeing what tools we can use to try to help those markets. And it may be submarkets or individual stores where we have to do certain things with marketing spend or different things. And we always trying to maximize performance. So not everything is as strong as the best performing assets in the company. But everything is good. And we have the tools to address individual areas or stores or markets of weakness, and we feel lucky to have a really broadly diversified portfolio.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And next, we have Keegan Carl of Berenberg Capital Markets.
Keegan Carl: I know this is addressed a bit early on in the call, but acquisition guidance is obviously raised again. Just curious if you could give us a little bit more color on how much competition you're truly seeing for these assets, that's over the last quarter? And kind of any sort of color on cap rates is really helpful?
Joseph Margolis: So I think we're seeing less competition. I think there are fewer bidders. Folks who rely on leverage really heavily, have -- many of them have gone through the sidelines, but there's still bidders. And so transactions are getting done. So it's not an open playing field by any means. And cap rates is always a hard thing to tell, right, because it's -- the data lags and each transaction is kind of unique, its own. But I would say we have seen an expansion of cap rates.
Keegan Carl: Got it. And as we think about plus with the year, right, I mean, what percentage of the portfolio do you anticipate spending another rate increase to? And how does that compare to years prior?
Joseph Margolis: So we haven't made any change in what percent of the portfolio we send a rate increase to. Every customer is eligible for a rate increase after a certain amount of time. I'm not sure if I understood your question correctly, but...
Keegan Carl: Yes, just before like the cadence of increases, right? Like you tended to increase that. I'm just kind of curious, like at this point last year, what percentage of your portfolio would do another increase? And how does that compare to this year?
Joseph Margolis: Okay. Yes. So, I misunderstood the question. So I don't think we can make good year-over-year comparisons. Because last year, we were so constricted by government regulations where we couldn't -- even if we wanted to, we couldn't send rate increase notices.  What I would say is that pre-COVID, we had a pretty formulaic approach in terms of cadence and amount of rate increase we sent to customers. And during COVID -- during the period of time we voluntarily didn't send out rate increase notices, and then when the governments of the various states told us we couldn't, we kind of kicked off with that formulaic approach. And we have not gone back to it. We are much more tailored now and designed in terms of both cadence and amount of rate increase that will send.
Scott Stubbs: Keegan, about 63% of our tenants today are below street rate. So obviously, they're eligible. We actually push people above street rates. So it's a large percentage. That 63% is actually higher than it's been in the past.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And next, we have Smedes Rose of Citi.
Smedes Rose: I just wanted to just come back on to the acquisition activity for a moment. You mentioned in your opening remarks a continued focus on nonstabilized assets and also working with joint ventures. Are you working kind of consistently with the same joint venture partners? Or are you finding new capital that wants to come into the space so you can forge new relationships or just kind of interested in how that's going?
Joseph Margolis: Sure, Smedes. Thanks for the question. So we have 2 new joint venture partners this year in 2022. We also are working with some of our older joint venture partners and the phone rings a lot. There's lots and lots of people who would like to be our partners in self-storage.
Smedes Rose: On the nonstabilized assets, I'm just wondering, are more folks coming to market because they're just like where the pricing is now? Or are you seeing deals where they're sort of unable maybe to get permanent financing or kind of their underwater logic, their initial underwriting, kind of what's bringing those assets to market in this environment?
Joseph Margolis: It's certainly asset specific. But I would say before the interest rate increases happen, pricing was so strong -- well, first, let's back up a little bit. 2021, you had strong pricing, you had fear of capital gains, tax increase. You feared 1031 going away. Getting into 2022, you had strong pricing and low interest rates. Now I think you have some people fearing increased interest rates and further cap rate compression in the future so time to get out. And then you always have the asset-specific thing. It's a fund that's coming to the end of the life. It's a family where there's been an issue or a death in the family. But I think those reasons probably wrap up most of the situations.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Samir Khanal of Evercore ISI.
Samir Khanal: Scott, just curious on the New York MSA. I mean the region is holding up quite well. I'm looking at the numbers, I think revenue growth even accelerated meaningfully kind of in the second quarter. Maybe talk around some of the drivers of that? I'm trying to figure out if it's sort of -- because the New York MSA will include New Jersey, maybe there's some restrictions being lifted on the rent side. And maybe if there's a way to even sort of look at New York boroughs, Brooklyn and Bronx kind of what are you seeing in that sort of areas as well?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So when we break it out between the boroughs in New Jersey, our Northern New Jersey stores are performing better than our boroughs. Now we don't have a huge number of stores in the boroughs, so it might not be a great comparable. But both markets are performing below the average of the portfolio, but New Jersey is definitely performing better than New York. We did see rate increases. The state of emergencies lifted late last year. And so that has benefited us throughout this year.  I think November -- December is when most of those went out. So that's when you'll have a tougher comp. But we did implement many rate increases late last year that have benefited us this year in New Jersey.
Samir Khanal: And I guess, at this point, there's no more rent restrictions sort of in the portfolio, it remains to be lifted, correct? Or is there any more sort of opportunities there as well?
Scott Stubbs: Not material -- not material state of emergencies in effect anywhere.
Samir Khanal: Okay. And I guess, Joe, just maybe as a second question, just provide maybe an updated view on kind of the supply picture, kind of what your most recent thoughts are?
Joseph Margolis: Sure. Pretty similar, very similar to what we talked about last quarter. We continue to see and expect a moderation of new supply. There's certainly headwinds in terms of interest rates, cost, entitlements but it's not going to 0. There's still is new supply being delivered, and there's still an awful lot of interest in people wanting to build new self-storage. I'll give you a stats that is interesting.  Our management plus team underwrites about 215 deals a quarter for potential management contracts. 75% of those this year have been development. So there's still a lot of people out there interested in building self-storage. And you can understand why. The results of the asset class have been phenomenal.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question will come from Hong Liang Zhang of Citi.
Hong Liang Zhang: Of JPMorgan, but first just have to say, as a current Bargold consumer, I'm pretty excited for the opportunity presents you all, but I'm also a little apprehensive about what my monthly rent is going to look like going forward? But I guess on the topic of rent increases, would you be able to share what the average magnitude of rent increases you're currently pushing in your portfolio and how that's changed compared to the first quarter?
Joseph Margolis: So as I said, tried to reference earlier, it's all over the board, right? Because we have this weird situation, a unique situation, excuse me, of folks whose rent was artificially suppressed by government regulation at a time when street rate was increasing. So we had some larger the normal gaps between what people are paying a street rates, and we were trying to catch up. So there's a wide variation in the amount of rent increase customers are getting, and I'm not sure an average is meaningful because of that.
Hong Liang Zhang: Got it. But it sounds like there's no significant areas where the MSA -- the rent and the MSA is materially lower than kind of the average?
Joseph Margolis: No.
Scott Stubbs: No. I think you saw some that were larger than the average as rate restrictions were lifted, and we moved them quickly to the current market rates. And that benefit as you move throughout this year, obviously, decreases because you were doing many of those late last year and early this year.
Hong Liang Zhang: Got it. And then on the expense side, how should we think about, I guess, expense growth in personnel and property operating on a sequential basis? Is kind of the level of spend in the second quarter representative of what it's going to look like for us over the year? Or is there a little bit more further to go from here?
Scott Stubbs: So the wage pressure has obviously -- will be consistent throughout the year. So you're probably around 10% wage inflation year-over-year. Hours should get better as we move throughout the year. So towards the end of last year, we were more appropriately staffed and second quarter was -- and into the third quarter was kind of the low point in terms of staffing hours and being understaffed due to turnover.
Hong Liang Zhang: And if I could sneak one last question in. I think in your prepared remarks, you talked a little bit about potentially cross-selling between Bargold users and your current Extra Space units. Is that -- should we take that as a sign that you'd be looking to expand further into Manhattan and the New York MSA?
Joseph Margolis: So the -- we have lots of ideas for Bargold. Well, the first thing we're going to do is absorb the existing business. One of the ideas, you're right, is they have such a long waiting list is could we provide some option for the Bargold tenants on the waiting lists to store their stuff in Extra Space units and then maybe give them a priority to get into a Bargold unit would that -- would not help Extra Space. We have not instituted that yet. That's just one of many ideas that we're excited to get to.  And yes, we -- once we digest Bargold, and we feel we have it rhyme the way we want, absolutely, we're going to try to expand it first in Manhattan and other parts of New York and possibly then afterwards to other major cities in the country.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question will come from Ronald Kamdem of Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: A couple of quick ones for me. Just going back to some of the breadcrumbs on the same-store growth, talking about the exit rate for 2023 or for 2022 and thinking about that as a starting point for 2023. I think the earlier comments you -- was suggested that it could be in sort of the double digits for second half of this year, therefore, 2023 double digits on the table. I just want to make sure I understood that correctly? Or is there anything about the comp that we should be thinking about?
Joseph Margolis: So I apologize if I implied that because we're going to end the year in double digits in revenue growth. That means it's going to be double-digit revenue growth throughout 2023. I think it means we're going to start 2023 with double digits. And then everyone can have their own view of the market and how that will moderate or not operate throughout the balance of the year.
Ronald Kamdem: Got it. That's pretty clear. My second question was just on the marking the -- some of the jurisdictions that have been under state of emergencies like LA and so forth. When you think about sort of the same-store revenue growth year-to-date, is there any way to quantify how much contribution came from marking those jurisdictions to market just from a high level?
Joseph Margolis: So I think last quarter, we said we expected lifting of the California state emergencies to add 50 basis points to the same-store portfolio. We now think that's more like 70 basis points. And the reason for the difference is we were only conservative in our length of stay assumptions. We thought that when we increased rates to street rates, we would push more people out the door. But in fact, we've been conservative in that assumption. So 70 basis points is the answer to your question.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. And then my last one is just on Bargold, if I could sneak it in. Just you talked about a little bit of the business and the potential growth opportunity. Maybe how much more -- when you're thinking of the growth opportunity, how much more capital over time did you provide to the company? Or is the capital commitment pretty much done from the standpoint?
Joseph Margolis: So the capital to grow the business, and I don't want to get in front of ourselves, right? I don't want to promise huge growth. We're taking this one step at a time. And the first thing is to absorb what we have. But we did buy this with the expectation that we will get to a growth phase. The -- because these are leases and the rent is just a percentage of revenue, there's no fixed rent in these leases. It's very capital light. You just have to build out the space. That's your capital.  Now there also may be capital expended in terms of systems. We -- our systems are better than theirs, and I'm not saying anything negative about the company. It's a very successful, well-run family company, it was, but we have more capabilities than them. We have better systems. And so we may also put some capital in there. But it's not a lot. This should be generally capital-light going forward.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And next, we have Joab Dempsey of Truist.
Ki Bin Kim: It's actually Ki Bin. Just a couple of follow-ups here. On the Bargold, can you talk a little bit more about how that business is actually run in terms of like how many units per apartment building is the average? What happens when a tenant doesn't or losing vow. Like do you -- does the building manager handle it? Or do you have to handle it some of more of a kind of practical elements of running the type of business?
Joseph Margolis: Sure. So the average number of units in the building is 25, but there's a pretty wide range of that. I think the largest building is 800 units, which is kind of similar to a store, but there's also buildings that just have a handful of units. The reason kind of boards or call-up boards building owners would do this, and so they don't have to handle it. So Bargold, now Extra Space handles getting the -- through in the unit, dealing with payments, dealing with nonpayments and auctioning the units. Out of their 17,000 -- over 17,000 units, they auctioned about 20 a month last year. So the rate is very, very small. And it's storage. It works just the -- laws are the same, and it works just like storage.
Ki Bin Kim: And what was the cadence of their revenue growth over the past year? I'm just trying to get a sense of, if this is a -- this was a hyper growth type of company or more static that you're trying to improve? Any kind of color you can provide around that?
Joseph Margolis: Yes. I would say it was neither static nor hyper growth that they were a steady growth company growing in the single digits every year.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And just last question on moving rate. I think you mentioned it was flat in July year-over-year. It does get tricky looking at these kind of statistics because you have such a tough comp from last year, and it's not like everyone moves in. You reprice everything off of -- in a single month. So just curious, given your commentary about moving rates, where is it in-place versus move-in today? And as we get past these tough comp period, is your expectation that market rent growth as we get into the second half is still goes back to positive year-over-year?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Let me clarify one thing first, Ki Bin. So the month of July, we were about 5% to 7% negative in our achieved rate growth and that's year-over-year. So if you compare to where tenants were moving in last year versus this year, we were slightly negative. Now we forecast all of that. We expected that. And so we're not surprised.  In terms of the roll down, our in-place leases today -- our achieved rates are about 7% below where they were where our achieved rate is today -- I'm sorry, they're above. Our in-place rents are higher by about 7% than our achieved rents. And normally, at this time of the year, they're flat. Now in terms of cadence of where we expect our rates to go. Last year, they peaked in June and July, and they came down in August. So depending on what happens in August with our current rates, those could be flat again at the end of August.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we have a follow-up question from Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: All right. Just a couple of follow-ups. Just on Ki Bin's question on the in-place -- or sorry, the achieved rates, I apologize. Could you just give us a sense of how that trended throughout the quarter? Quarter, I know you get the July figures. But is the sense of how that trended in -- would be helpful?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So April, May, they were slightly positive. June, down about 6%. Average about negative 3% for the quarter. July, you were down that 5% to 7% range again. So that's year-over-year. And again, last year, you were pushing rates in June and July pretty hard.
Juan Sanabria: Great. And then just a quick follow-up on the relative to your expectations. Any markets you call out as the largest source of upside this quarter versus expectations?
Scott Stubbs: So things have performed pretty close to our expectations. I mean, the list of properties in what markets are outperforming, Atlantic continues to be a standout market for us. Most of the Sunbelt continues to be strong with South Florida, Miami being exceptionally strong in the Sunbelt, Miami and Atlanta.
Joseph Margolis: It's a small market, but Charleston is one that has kind of jumped up and was -- had a bunch of supply and wasn't on our list earlier.
Juan Sanabria: And then one last quick one, an incoming question. Can you estimate the impact to same-store revenue, I guess, year-to-date? Like you did for California, you said the rent restrictions coming off or 70 bps to given the higher length of stay for California, any estimate for what the impact or benefit was from New Jersey restrictions rolling off?
Joseph Margolis: I don't have that number, Scott.
Scott Stubbs: No. We don't have it.
Joseph Margolis: Can we get that back to you once...
Juan Sanabria: Of course.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We also have a follow-up from Smedes Rose of Citi.
Michael Bilerman: It's Michael Bilerman here for Smedes. Joe, so 2 topics. The first was just on length of stay. And you had a really nice slide at NAREIT, which broke out length of stay between those greater than 12 months and those greater than 24 months. And that showed you know the data, but -- so that you're up to 66% greater than 12 months and up to 48% for greater than 24%, up from about 60% and 40%, respectively, pre-COVID.  As you dive into those numbers, is there anything that's changed over the last couple of months with those length of stays? And is there anything on a regional basis from a market perspective that's telling you anything or a customer perspective, just as you sort of disaggregate that aggregate data?
Joseph Margolis: So we've had elevated vacates in response to our increased rent increases to existing customers. And we track that really carefully with every month control group. So we know exactly what percent increase in vacates being caused by our ECRI rent increase program. And that has caused a very slight moderation or dip in those numbers that you referenced in terms of long-term stay, but they're still very high and elevated from any historical period.
Michael Bilerman: Does it reflect, Joe, do you think all those where you had a significant number of new customers that came to storage, I think over COVID, it was like 50% of the customers were new. Is that potential to driving the higher length of stay? And is there anything on a regional basis that would be different?
Joseph Margolis: So I guess in reverse order, we don't see anything on a regional basis. It's pretty consistent across all markets. And our theory, which I think you're referencing here, theory, that the customers who came to us in COVID for lack of space because they were doing a home office or whatever. Those are the longer stay customers and we do lose some percentage of those. They don't all stay forever, but many of them are sticky.
Michael Bilerman: And then are you seeing at all with, obviously, where rents -- apartment rents have gone, but also threats of a recession where typically, you'd see people start to double up or move back home, which would then increase your storage needs, right? The recession is not necessarily totally bad for your business. Have you started to see that in any of the markets where you're starting to see some of that demand at all?
Joseph Margolis: So I don't know if we can say yes or no to that yet. Some of that data is hard to collect and you need a good period of time before you can be confident with it.
Michael Bilerman: Right. I just want know if there was any early reads that your excellent property managers are seeing from those that are walking in the door, the type of uses that they're bringing in, if anything has changed more recently?
Joseph Margolis: I mean there's always anecdotes, but I don't think I would be comfortable saying that we see a trend or a movement or anything like that.
Michael Bilerman: And then just wrapping up on Bargold. You said the average lease length that Bargold has, it was 10 to 15 years. How much remaining lease term on average do they have with those 17,000 units? And I would assume there's some extension options? Or I guess if the co-op or condo, rental Board decides and Bargold just removes all the equipment that they installed just to better understand sort of what happens upon lease end?
Joseph Margolis: So on lease end, there are several options very, very rare does the building owner ask for this deal to be removed. They can purchase it or more frequently lease it. So there's a revenue kind of -- a residual revenue stream at the end of the lease term for the leasing of the steel.  A portion at the end of the lease term, they automatically convert to month-to-month leases. And they have a portion of the -- we have a portion of the leases that are in that month-to-month category. And in looking at the portfolio, we really -- we're looking it hard at what is the churn rate? And how long do those last? And when do they get -- how often do they get terminated and took that into account in our underwriting?
Michael Bilerman: And do you sort of see, Joe, this business as being -- it's hard to probably compare, but do you want to put this into more owned like co-op condo buildings or you sort of see this more as a rental building product? And do you see it cannibalizing if you're able to do exactly what you want to do and grow this business nationally and leverage all the tools and skill sets of Extra Space, does it become a competitive storage product? And I can understand at the same time with the waiting list that this company has. It could also provide you lower customer acquisition costs, too. But what is your sort of mindset about where this product potentially could go?
Joseph Margolis: So I think we have a lot to learn. And one of the things we need to learn is exactly what's the optimal building. And is it -- what are the differences between putting it in an own building or a rental building? They have both. It works well in both. And how many units per apartment unit is optimal? And what's the best unit mix? We will tend to take a very data-oriented approach to that, probably more so than the prior quarter. So a lot of the questions that you have are the questions that we have, and we're going to learn about it.  On the best case where we can grow this thing, gigantic scale and it's lots of apartment buildings, then that does become a competitor for traditional urban self-storage. But if that's the case, I want to be the one to be the first mover in that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we have a follow-up. Next, we have Jeff Spector of Bank of America.
Jeffrey Spector: Promise, just one follow-up. Can you just confirm, in-place for us to achieve difference and how you reconcile that with earlier, I believe you commented 60-plus percent of the leases are below street rate, please?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So our average in-place rent is about 7% above where our achieved rents are today. Now that's on average. That's just comparing your average versus what the move-in is today. So while you could still have slightly negative rents and you push tenants up. . Now the one thing that we always look to is you're churning 5% of your customers every month. So a portion of that may move in at slightly lower rents. We then move our existing customers up fairly quickly. So we're probably one of the more consistent in our rate increases and how we do that more programmatic than others.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we have a follow-up from Todd Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Todd Thomas: I appreciate taking the follow-up, hopefully, quick here also. In terms of street rates, can you talk about those trends during the quarter by month, perhaps and into July, Scott, like you provided on the achieved rates?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Street rates are not that different in terms of year-over-year growth or where they were than our achieved rates. Achieved your difference that is which channel they came from and that type of thing or discounts offered. So fairly similar trend to our achieved rates.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then on that 63% of customers, though, that are currently paying a rate below street rate today. You said that, that is higher than it has been historically. What's more typical for that metric?
Scott Stubbs: We went incrementally higher. I think it was low 60s earlier this year.
Todd Thomas: Okay. If you look back, though, over the last, say, 10 years, where has that been generally?
Scott Stubbs: I actually don't have this right -- we don't have it in front of us, Todd, just more of the recent numbers.
Operator: And this ends the Q&A session for today. I would now like to turn the conference back to the CEO, Joe Margolis for closing remarks.
Joseph Margolis: Great. Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for your time and interest in Extra Space. If I take a big step back and kind of look at how the company is going -- it's really a good time here at Extra Space. Everything is clicking on all cylinders. The growth front, as we talked about, is really strong. We have a number of technological innovations underway that we're excited about. We just got back engagement surveys. Our scores are up very, very much this year. We are in great shape with our employee report. Thank you. [indiscernible] from the operations there. As my kids would say they're stupid good. So it's just a great time for us at Extra Space, and we appreciate everyone's support. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect, and have a pleasant day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-04 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Q1 2022 Extra Space Storage Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Jeff Norman, Senior Vice President, Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Ashley. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's first quarter 2022 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the Company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the Company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, May 4, 2022. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I'd now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joseph Margolis: Thanks, Jeff, and thank you, everyone for joining today's call. We are off to a great start in 2022. Year-over-year same-store revenue growth in the quarter was 21.7%, a new all time high for Extra Space driving same-store NOI growth of 27.6%. This was achieved primarily through year-over-year rental rate growth, partially offset by a modest decrease in year-over-year occupancy. Industry fundamentals continue to be strong, operational performance has been exceptional in all markets and we are well positioned for another strong summer leasing season. A few weeks ago, we met with over 220 of our third-party management and joint venture partners in Austin, Texas for a few days of company updates and industry news. Most importantly, it provided a form to explore opportunities for Extra Space and our great partners to grow together. These partnerships and relationships continue to be an important part of our external growth strategy as shown in our first quarter results. Like last year, most of our acquisition activity consisted of non-stabilized stores acquired from existing relationships. Total first quarter investment by Extra Space was ahead of our expectations at $229 million. We also closed $138 million in bridge loans and we added 37 additional stores gross to our management platform. All of our various internal and external growth channels are working. We continue to find opportunities despite the competitive market, and we have strong pipelines for each of these platforms. Our property NOI plus our external growth efforts resulted in core FFO growth of 34%, which allowed our Board to increase our first quarter dividend to $1.50 a share, 20% over the previous quarters dividend and 50% over the first quarter 2021 dividend. It continues to be a great time for the storage sector and particularly for Extra Space. All aspects of the machine are working really well, and we are looking forward to a very successful 2022. I'll now turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe, and hello, everyone. As Joe mentioned, we had a great first quarter with our same-store performance and FFO, both coming in above our expectations. Our outperformance relative to our guidance was driven by stronger property performance and higher than expected interest income. Our external growth in the quarter was capitalized by draws on our revolving lines of credit and we issued $41 million in common stock as part of an acquisition. During the quarter, we termed out 400 million of revolving balances through our third public bond offering, further laddering our debt maturities and freeing up additional revolver capacity. Our balance sheet has never been stronger. Our unencumbered pool is now approximately $13 billion and our net debt-to-EBITDA is 4.4x. We have access to many types of capital and we have significant debt capacity to support future growth. In addition to our first quarter results, we also updated our 2022 full-year guidance. We have increased our same-store revenue and NOI forecast based on our first quarter outperformance and improved outlook heading into the summer leasing season. Same-store revenue guidance increased to 13% to 15% driven primarily by rental rate growth. Same-store expense increases in the quarter were driven primarily by payroll, credit card fees and snow removal. As a result, we have increased our expense guidance to 6.5% to 8% for the full-year. Our revenue and expense guidance results in a same-store NOI growth range of 15% to 18%. As Joe mentioned, acquisition activity in the sector remains elevated and we are ahead of our original guidance for both year-end closings as well as our full-year pipeline. While still competitive, it appears that a number of bidders pursuing any given deal is lower potentially due to the increasing interest rates. As a result, our capture rate has improved, especially on non-stabilized one-off stores.  We expect to continue to acquire through joint venture partnerships and we have increased our 2022 guidance to $800 million in Extra Space investment. We also expect higher bridge loan activity, and we have increased guidance to $150 million in retain new balances in 2022. We have increased our interest income guidance by approximately $7 million since our preferred investment in NexPoint remains in place and due to higher bridge loan volume and interest rates. Due to the increase in interest rates as well as higher acquisition volume, we have increased our interest expense guidance by $13 million at the midpoint. The sum of these adjustments results in an increase in core FFO, which is now estimated to be between $8.05 and $8.30 per share. We anticipate $0.20 of dilution from value-add acquisitions and C of O stores, down $0.03 from our original guidance due to stronger than expected performance at these properties. We are having a great year and we look forward to another great leasing season. And with that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America.
Jeffrey Spector: Hi. Good afternoon, and congratulations on the quarter. I know, Joe, I consider you to be conservative in your opening remarks. I feel like we're  maybe the most positive opening remarks I've heard in all these years. I guess what's the  if there was a number one or two big surprise versus what you were thinking last year. How would you describe the environment, I guess, what's turned more positive in your view or what's been the upside surprise?
Joseph Margolis: Thanks, Jeff. Appreciate the comment. I think the customer has behaved differently than we've projected when we did our initial guidance, both in terms of elongated lengths of stay and the move out rate in response to ECRI to existing customer rate increase notices, both of those things have been better than expected and helped us both achieve better than predictive results and increase our forecast for the entire year. 
Jeffrey Spector: Great. Thank you. And then just to confirm, I guess if you can characterize the customer. I mean, I think the numbers sum it up, but so I assume at this point, I think the comment was all the regions or markets are performing well sort of confirm you're not seeing push back on the rental increases you are sending out, including, I guess at this point to April?
Joseph Margolis: So I won't say we're not seeing pushback from the rental rates we're sending out. Our vacate activity in response to rate increases is probably double what it normally is, but demand is so strong and our ability to backfill those tenants is consistent across the country, that it hasnt affected us in terms of results, in terms of performance.
Jeffrey Spector: Great. Thank you.
Joseph Margolis: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Goldsmith of UBS.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Sticking with the topic of ECRIs. Relative to your peers, I think your occupancy took a little bit more of a hit, but you saw your rent growth accelerate further. So I guess the question is, did you push harder on ECRIs than you had in the past and then, which is generating the greater revenue growth. And then as you think of kind of as you head into this period with tougher comparisons, does that change how hard you can push on the ECRIs?
Joseph Margolis: So we're in a unusual unprecedented situation where we've had several years where we've been restricted in many, many jurisdictions from how much we can increase rates and how much we can built to existing customers and to new customers. The last two of those restrictions in California were just lifted in February. So we had a greater gap between what many customers were paying and what the market price for our product was. And we've tried to make progress towards closing that gap. In the future, I don't expect that gap to be as large. And consequently, ECRIs won't be as large. So it's fair to say that the  maybe the acceleration is just, is primarily driven by a step-up just based on how you process ECRIs in California rather than a change in  like the overall program. Is that fair? I mean, the increase, the restrictions were lifted in New York and New Jersey in the fourth quarter of 2021. And that takes a while to roll through to the rent roll. So it's not all California, but your general statement is true.
Michael Goldsmith: That's helpful. And as my follow-up, you took your guidance up for acquisitions. I think in the past you had talked about doing more deals within the JV, and it seems like the transactions being or being wholly-owned. So I'd like to kind of dig into kind of what you're seeing in the acquisition markets, the competitive nature of it, and I guess the impact of rising interest rates and how that has impacted other potential buyers of self storage properties and portfolios. Thank you.
Joseph Margolis: Yes. All great questions. So it is true. We have found more properties than we anticipated that met our return requirements for wholly-owned properties. So we have been more active on the wholly-owned side. Those are almost exclusively unstabilized lease up stores where we're looking at a fairly low initial yield, but we think long-term will be very accretive. We are also very busy on the joint venture side. Well, we only close two in the first quarter. We've closed one since the end of the first quarter and have 12 scheduled to close for the rest of the year in joint venture. If you look at what's been approved in our committee for the first quarter, we've approved 2021 deals in joint ventures versus 2018 wholly-owned deals. So we're active on both sides. Turning to your pricing question, it's been a little bit of a surprise for us as interest rates go up, we would have expected cap rates to also go up. We have not seen a lot of evidence of that yet. I think it's because there is so much pent-up demand for self-storage so much capital from many, many different sources trying to get exposure to this property type. What we have seen though is either fewer initial bidders or as the process goes on, the leverage buyers seem to drop out. But there's enough other buyers that there's still a lot of interest in the properties. Prices are pretty consistent with what they've been towards the end of last year. And there's a lot of volume, there's just a lot on the market. We don't see the big mega portfolios, but absent that it's as busy as it's ever been in the first quarter.
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you very much. Good luck in the second quarter.
Joseph Margolis: Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, guys. Thanks for the time. Just hoping you could give an update on any trends you can share on April, whether it be occupancy or move in rates. And if you can comment on move in rates, how that trend compares relative to what you saw through the first quarter?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Juan, so occupancy at the end of April is just over a 100 basis points lower than where it was last year. So down slightly from the end of March, but not anything unexpected. In terms of rate, in the first quarter, we averaged about 15%. Our achieved rate for new customers was 15% ahead of where it was last year. Today in the last 15 to 30 days, it's been  or in the last two weeks, it's been moderating to where it's about mid-single digits today  low-to-mid single digits.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. Great. And then just curious on the rate restrictions coming off, if there's any change to the quantum or the size of impact to same-store revenue guidance, as you've been able to maybe capture some of that sooner, given how strong the market's been. Has that changed at all, given the first quarter and what you've seen to date in the second?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. I think you'll see that change in our increased guidance.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. Is the impact, I guess, just isolating the rent restrictions rolling off the 50 bps you talked about at the fourth quarter, when you set guidance, is that now 100 basis points or is it still kind of
Joseph Margolis: Yes, I'm sorry. I didn't understand your question. So we thought that on a portfolio wide basis, we would get a 200 basis point of boost from ECRI, and that's probably now closer to 400 basis points. In California, we set 50 basis points. And as I said earlier, underestimated both the move out rate in response to that, and then the length of stay of tenants who get it, and  so that's considerably higher also.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you. So just to tie two ends there. The 2x move out rate that you noted on to Jeff's earlier question, is that more tied to California? Because that sounded a little alarming just in a vacuum, but is that just as a result of California and moving people closer to market, and that really a warning sign?
Joseph Margolis: No. It's a function of everywhere where we have moved people to market, there's two factors. One is the rate restriction, which keeps the existing rate down, but the other is the large increase in Street rates. So if someone comes in at an Internet special rate and they're paying 15%, just as an example below Street rate on day one and rates are going up, Scott said 15% in the first quarter achieved rates. You have a pretty big gap there even in a state without rate restriction. So we are also experiencing the type of behavior that I described in those states.
Scott Stubbs: And Juan, maybe to clarify this isn't a new trend. We saw this in the last year. We saw higher move outs as we executed on higher rate  larger rate increases.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks for that, Scott. I appreciate the time guys.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Juan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Todd Thomas: Hi. Thanks. First question, Joe or Scott, I guess, back to investments. Can you comment on whether EXR changed its return hurdles at all going forward as you underwrite new deal? And I realize you increased your guidance for acquisitions by $300 million, but just curious, I guess if your appetite from here has really changed at all, just given the increase in debt and equity costs for the company or perhaps in response to your view around the economic growth outlook?
Joseph Margolis: So we haven't changed our underwriting discipline, our processes in any way. As you point out, our average cost of debt has increased slightly. Our cost of equity has increased slightly. So our weighted average cost of capital, the hurdle we have to jump over has gone up, but we've still been able to find deals either through a wholly-owned basis or structured through a joint venture to enhance those returns. That makes sense for our shareholders.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And it sounds like you talked about utilizing joint venture capital perhaps a little bit more here in the near-term, what's the appetite like from your joint venture partners and are they  is there appetite for new deals pretty steady here? Or are you seeing them sort of pull back a little bit and perhaps change their return hurdles and expectations?
Joseph Margolis: No. We have great joint venture partners who have significant capital resources and appetite for storage exposure. And in the event we ever got to the point where they were full or wanted to take a pause, there's plenty of folks out there who would be really happy to partner with Extra Space Storage. So we're in a great position now where we have plenty of access to joint venture capital. We have plenty of access to all different types of debt capital. We feel the restricting metric on our growth is availability of good deals. It's not finding the appropriate type of capital to capitalize them with.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And just last question, Scott, within the guidance revision, and sorry if I missed this, but can you speak to the increases in interest income and also, JV income? What the drivers, the primary drivers are behind the increases in those assumptions, which totaled about $0.10 or so?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So in the interest income, it's a couple of things. One is the bridge loan program is just really doing well. It's been successful. We're placing lots of bridge loans. We're keeping more on balance and it's taking maybe a little more time to sell the A piece of that. So the assumption is higher from that aspect. It also is higher because of the JCAP assumption. So we are assuming now that we keep that through May and then do a blend and extend after May, and then that  in addition to that you have higher interest rates. And so the bridge loans are more profitable as interest rates go up. So that's kind of what's in the next three quarters. In the first quarter, we did have the benefit of some one-time type transactions where we sold the $103 million note. We unwound an unamortized premium that benefited us. And so we had more  first quarter was higher than the remainder of the year will be.
Todd Thomas: And then the second one about the
Scott Stubbs: Yes. The equity and earnings piece is primarily getting into the [promote] on some of the JVs with the performance of the properties. It is going to move us into the promote or some of those  those JV budgets were done late  earlier than the wholly-owned properties. And as we've gone back through and looked at the performance of those, we feel like they should outperform, where we originally estimated.
Todd Thomas: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI.
Samir Khanal: Hey, Scott, you talked about sort of the length of stay continuing to expand here. Can you remind us where that is today and versus, let's say even a year ago, or even, what's been the trend on that?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So our trend continues to extend. If you look at customers that are in our properties today, length of stay is about 42 months. It's just over 40 months. It depends on the period. That has gone up through COVID. If you look at our customers that have moved in and moved out, the average length to stay there is about 16 months. I think that you're probably up as much as 10% over the last two years.
Samir Khanal: Got it. And then Joe, I just want to get your thoughts on sort of the business customer. I mean, has there been any shift in demand from that segment? I mean, there's clearly been talk about sort of that last mile delivery. I mean, are you seeing sort of that segment or increased demand pickup at all?
Joseph Margolis: The last mile delivery is not a significant part of our business at all. I think that's kind of interesting talk, but realistically that's not meaningful to us.
Samir Khanal: And what about the business customer in general? Have you seen sort of the pickup in demand from that segment generally?
Joseph Margolis: I think the business demand is steady. I wouldn't say we've seen pickup in it. It's an increasingly smaller piece of our business because as we grow the portfolio and add more stores that are current generation storage, that are multi-story, the percentage of units that most business customers seek, right, large outside access units is a much smaller percentage of our portfolio. So therefore that customer becomes a much smaller piece of our business. But in terms of demand and behavior, there's really been no change.
Samir Khanal: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keegan Carl with Berenberg.
Keegan Carl: Hey, guys. Thanks for the time. So just first, in order to needs based business, but how much of an impact from the current inflationary pressures are you factoring into your price increases going out?
Scott Stubbs: So with the ability to adjust rates month-to-month, I mean, I'm guessing some of our rate increases in the overall economy is going to be attributable to inflation, but ours is more demand based and so as demand increases, you have the ability to move up your street rates and move up your existing customer rates. So it's really difficult to attribute what amount is to inflation versus demand.
Joseph Margolis: Yes. We don't do very much forward price predicting because we change the rates on every unit every day based on data that has come in as to what happened. So it really doesn't help us to try to figure out what a 10 by 10 is going to be priced 30 days from now, the machine and the algorithms and the people who work on that are going to adjust prices constantly to try to optimize revenue.
Keegan Carl: I think I asked that [indiscernible]. I guess something more, the economy could become more challenge given what's going on with inflation. So I mean, how sensitive are you in factoring what that's going to do to potential consumer balance sheets when you're sending out these price increases?
Joseph Margolis: So every time we send out price increases, we keep back a control group. So for example, if we send out 100,000 price increases a month, we'll keep back 1500 or 2000 folks who should have gotten a price increase, and then we'll track their move out rate versus the folks who did get the price increase notice. And that's the way we can constantly check to see if we are pushing too hard and actually harming the business. Does that helpful? 
Keegan Carl: Yes. That makes sense. So I guess shifting gears here, I mean, obviously your third party management platforms, strong and growing. So how much of an appetite are you truly seeing for that? What sort of conversion rate are you having on its pipeline versus what you're actually closing on?
Joseph Margolis: So last year was an unusual year, right, because we added 104 properties net. We bought 58 properties off the portfolio too, but we added 104 net, including a large 59 or 60 property portfolio. So if you look at our activities today versus historically without that large portfolio, we're right on track, we did 187 new property projections in the first quarter and approved 52 new contracts. That's right in line with our averages over the last couple years, excluding that large portfolio. In the first quarter, we added 19 stores net. We bought six, and added 19 net. So that's what a run rate of 76 properties. That's a good  if we can grow this business by 75 to 100 properties net a year, that's pretty consistent with what we've done in the past and pretty strong.
Keegan Carl: Got it. Thanks for the time guys.
Joseph Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, there. Maybe just a question on the demand side. I feel like there's a thought out there that just with the amount of life change that's happened over the past two plus years with COVID that there's no way it can kind of stay this elevated. So I was just wondering maybe if you could give your thoughts on why demand is so high maybe why it can or can't stay so elevated and just where we go from here?
Joseph Margolis: So I think demand can stay elevated in a changing economic environment, which is, I think what you're asking is because the drivers of demand, there's some drivers that occur in all economic situations, right. People still get married, they still have babies et cetera. And then there's drivers that occur in bad economic conditions where I can't afford my apartment, I need to move back in with my parents. I have to downsize my business. So because of the diverse demand drivers, I think we can maintain healthy demand through all economic cycles. And that's not just the theory, right. We saw in 2008, 2009 that we didn't really have a demand problem. We had a vacate problem. And there's been consistent demand through that period. There's been consistent demand through 2020 and 2021. So we're bullish on the demand side.
Caitlin Burrows: I guess, just as a follow-up on that vacate issue that was seen in the past. Would you say then that your kind of systems have improved that much since then so you would be better positioned to address it? Or how could that play out differently going forward?
Joseph Margolis: Yes. I couldn't have said it any better. We try to sharpen the tools every day and become a little bit better at optimizing performance in response to what's happening. So I think you're absolutely right.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. And then maybe just one on the higher bridge loan activity. I think you've mentioned a few times it was higher in the quarter than you were expecting and seems like it could remain high. Wondering if there was any specific reasons you could give that might be driving it and how sustainable that is?
Joseph Margolis: I don't think there's a specific reason. I think it's just largely a relationship business and as our relationships grow and as we do repeat business with borrowers, it's like a snowball rolling down a hill. It just tends to increase. And we've seen that. We've really started this business in 2019. We only did nine loans and we did 27 in the next year and 34 last year. And we're on track to continue to just increase this business. So I don't think it's a change in the market. It's just a natural growth in the business and relationships and repeat borrowers.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Joseph Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Good morning. Just going back to the comments about the mid single-digit rate increase in April. I was just curious if it's taking more marketing dollars or promotions to keep that, or is that pretty apples-to-apples, in terms of pricing power indications?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Ki Bin, our demand has been strong enough that our marketing is actually down. So it's encouraging that we're able to increase rates demands so good. And the customer rate increases are sticking, so. 
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And in terms of your balance sheet, your variable rate debt represents about 25% of your debt spec. Now I don't want to miss the big picture. That's been a winning formula for the past. I'll say forever, and this may be the first year that may not be a winning formula. So I was just curious if you have any kind of larger picture thoughts on what you intend to do with that variable rate debt?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Our variable rate debt has been something that we've had for a long time. We've typically managed that 20% to 30%. It gives us the flexibility to buy things. Typically what we'll do is we'll draw on the line of credit is, we have acquisition opportunities, and then we'll look to term that out. You saw us do that earlier this year. Clearly, like variable rate debt more when interest rates are falling than when they're rising, but, we'll continue to manage that. We do have a bit of a natural hedge with our bridge loan program, where those are also variable rate, loans go in the other direction.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Ki Bi.
Operator: Your next question comes from Spenser Allaway with Green Street.
Spenser Allaway: Thank you. Apologies, if I missed this, but can you comment on how your expectations for supply pressure have changed or not since last quarter? It seems as though the increasing pressure on construction financing coupled with permitting backlogs, et cetera, continue to push deliveries out, but just want to get your updated thoughts on what you guys are seeing on the ground?
Joseph Margolis: Yes. We have seen a moderation in our expectations of new deliveries. When we look at our same-store pool and what's going to be delivered this year, our estimate now is below 20% of our new  of our same-store pool is going to have new deliveries. And that's down somewhat from last quarter is we see some of the things you mentioned is delays and project's not going forward. So supply is certainly moderating. It's not a non-issue, there are still things being delivered. We have a very diverse portfolio, so we'll be able to manage through it as we'll have some properties having to deal with new supply, which we know how to do and in other markets not. But I still believe even with cost increases and more difficulty in entitlements that we are going to see more development in the future. The performance of the product is very strong. It's just too good. The amount of capital is unprecedented and people are going to find ways to build, and it may take longer, but I think it's going to happen. And we know this because, I mentioned we did 187 new property projections in the first quarter on the management side, 74 of those were for new development. So people are trying to get it done and hopefully the industry as a whole will be smart about it. 
Spenser Allaway: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Joseph Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Smedes Rose of Citi.
Smedes Rose: Hi. Thanks. I just wanted to ask you on the joint venture opportunities, you talked about increasing your activity there. Are you generally working with the same partners and pools of capital? Are you bringing in new folks, you mentioned a lot of pent-up demand and a lot of capital up there?
Joseph Margolis: We do have two new joint venture partners that we have, or will close ventures with this year. I guess one is closed, one is about to close. It's a juggling act, right because we want to be a good partner and be able to satisfy everyone's needs, but we never want to run out of joint venture capital. So we're always trying to have sufficient capital, but not have too many mouths to feed.
Smedes Rose: Okay. And then, I mean, just on that, do you  I mean, when you go into the joint ventures, is it your view that you just sort of stay joint venture partners kind of toward some very long timeline or do you set up agreements where each can have the opportunity to potentially exit or just, I'm just trying to think about, I guess, the timeline for the joint ventures, or maybe there's not one?
Joseph Margolis: It's a great question. And it's something we focus on a lot. It's one of the most important things. The table stakes to form a joint venture partner is that we have similar investment criteria. So our joint venture partners are general accounts of insurance companies, odyssey, core odyssey funds that have kind of unlimited lives and unlimited holding periods. We don't want IRR driven partners that are going to want to pull the sale button in three years. We're looking for people who are looking at these assets, just like we are as quasi-permanent holds for cash flow that we can grow year after year after year. Now that being said, no one can promise they're going too hold forever. At some point, our partners do want to sell, we have rights in all of our joint venture partners upon exit to have an opportunity to purchase, but much more important than what's in the legal document is that we partner with people who are like-minded with us and have similar investment goals.
Smedes Rose: Got it. Thank you.
Joseph Margolis: Sure, Smedes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller: Yes. Hi. Two quick ones and I apologize if I missed these before. But did you comment on what move in versus move out rates were in the first quarter. And then for the operating properties that were acquired in the first quarter, what was the average occupancy? 
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So move-in rates versus move-out rates, we're about 10% below. Our move-in rates were 10% below our existing customers, which is very typical for this kind of year. So no concerns there. And then our average occupancy we're pulling.
Joseph Margolis: I got it. The average occupancy on the wholly-owned stores was 76% with the projected 13 months to stabilization. And that's economic stabilization not physical occupancy stabilization. The joint ventures were higher on in occupancy. 
Michael Mueller: Okay. That was it. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: Two, quick ones. First on expenses, just looking at property taxes were up 1%. And payroll, I see 8%. Just can you comment on both of those line items on the property taxes front and how payrolls are trending?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Property taxes were maybe a little lower than maybe some people expected, that has more to do with timing of appeals than you'd like to think you're doing some type of Jedi mind trick or something to keep those rates low, but I don't think that it's, anything other than those appeals coming through when they did. In terms of payroll, we did increase rates for our employees by about 8% at the end of last year, when you take their annual rate increase as well as a one-time adjustment. And then our staffing has largely returned to normal. So those are  that's a little bit more clarity on those two items. 
Ronald Kamdem: Great. And then my second question was just trying to understand, how to think about looking at the entire portfolio? And what the mark-to-market is today. You made some comments earlier that people are moving in maybe 10% below portfolio rents, which is helpful. But if I take a step back and try to get it that calculation where rents are in the portfolio today, where versus the market, how should we think about that?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So that 10% number obviously a time of year type of thing. So you have a customer that moves in last summer at a higher rate. Typically you do see street rates go down in the fall and through the winter and then they go back up in the summer. Those existing customers that moved in last summer, last fall are going to be getting rate increases. So that's going to contribute to your growth going forward. So not uncommon, all part of the kind of the rate cycle.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Thanks so much.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Ron.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to Joe Margolis, CEO.
Joseph Margolis: Great. Thank you, everyone for taking the time to listen. Thank you for your interest in Extra Space. We're really happy to be able to deliver these types of results for our shareholders. But it happens because there's over 4,000 people at Extra Space, who are working really hard every day in the stores to the data science folks, to the accountants, to all the investment people, but the entire team just works hard and works well together, and they need a lot of credit and shout out for the results they're delivering. Thanks, everyone. I hope you have a good day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-24 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2021 Extra Space Storage Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jeff Norman, Senior Vice President, Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Victor. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, February 24, 2022. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call.  I'd now like to turn the time over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joseph Margolis: Thanks, Jeff, and thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. It is incredibly sad to wake up this morning to news of war in Europe. Without ignoring the human loss and suffering this will entail, we are also thinking of how this tragic event will affect economic growth, oil prices, inflation, interest rates and ultimately our business and our company. Events like this certainly give us some perspective on our business and our lives, and in some ways, makes discussing the performance and outlook of our company [less important]. While we don't know how all of this will play out, we do know that historically self-storage has been a needed product in good and bad economic times, that the cash flow we produce is very stable, much more so than many other types of real estate, and that our company and balance sheet are structured and prepared to prosper in all economic conditions. Now turning to results. We had a remarkable, remarkable fourth quarter to cap off another strong year at Extra Space Storage. Property level performance was exceptional across the board. Same-store revenue growth in the quarter was 18.3%. Revenue growth was primarily driven by 2 factors: first, our same-store occupancy of 95.3%, which was a year-end high for Extra Space for the second year in a row. Secondly, strong new and existing customer rate growth. Expense growth remained in check at 2.5%, resulting in same-store NOI growth of 24.2%. We also had significant external growth in the quarter. We acquired 66 stores on a wholly owned basis or in joint ventures for a total investment from Extra Space of approximately $850 million. Total acquisition investment for the full year was $1.3 billion, primarily in relatively small transactions. We also closed $187 million in bridge loans in the quarter, bringing the annual total to $333 million. We continue to execute on our strategy to sell a significant portion of our lower-yielding first mortgage balances to our debt partners. We also continue to acquire properties originally sourced through our lending platform. To date, we have acquired 15 properties sourced through loans for $181 million. We added 69 stores to our management platform in the quarter for a total of 265 stores for the full year. To give context, including acquisitions, we onboarded 1.3 properties per business day in 2021. We experienced higher dispositions with more stores leaving our platform due to third-party owners selling properties, but we were able to buy 58 of these either wholly owned or with one of our joint venture partners. Our property NOI plus our external growth efforts resulted in core FFO growth of 29.1% in the quarter. I am proud of the Extra Space team. There are many contributions to our growth in 2021, and for how they have positioned us for another strong year in 2022. We are also proud to have been recognized not only for our performance, but the sustainable nature of the company we have built. For the second year in a row, we were named one of NAREIT's leaders in the light for our sustainability efforts, and we are proud to be the only storage company to have received this award. Looking forward, industry fundamentals remain very strong. Occupancy levels remained at historically high levels, resulting in elevated pricing power to new and existing customers. Despite very difficult comparables, the strong market fundamentals and our team's ability to execute give us the confidence to guide to double-digit same-store revenue growth again in 2022, and FFO growth of over 13% at the midpoint. In light of this strength, we raised our dividend to $1.50 per share, a 50% increase year-over-year. We are off to a great start in 2022, and we expect another exceptional year for Extra Space Storage. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott to walk through some of the details of performance in the fourth quarter as well as our 2022 guidance.
Scott Stubbs : Thanks, Joe, and hello, everyone. As Joe mentioned, we had a great fourth quarter and year with our 2021 core FFO coming in $0.06 above the high end of our guidance. Our outperformance relative to our guidance was driven by the property -- by property performance and higher-than-expected interest income partially offset by higher-than-expected interest expense. Our external growth in the quarter was capitalized by $210 million in sales proceeds from the disposition of 17 stores. We also issued $276 million in OP units, and we drew on our revolving lines of credit. Our balance sheet has never been stronger, and we will term out our revolving balances through future unsecured debt issuances. Currently, only 8% of our debt maturities over the next -- mature over the next 2 years. And our focus will be to lengthen our average debt maturity and to further ladder our maturing balances. Our unencumbered pool is now over $12 billion, and our net debt to trailing 12 EBITDA is at 5x. We continue to have access to many types of capital, giving us significant capacity for future growth. Last night, we provided guidance and annual assumptions for 2022. Our new same-store pool includes a total of 870 stores, a relatively small net increase from last year with new additions partially offset by sites removed due to disposition or redevelopment. Same-store revenue is expected to increase 10.5% to 12.5% driven primarily by rate growth. Same-store expense growth is expected to be 6% to 7.5%, primarily driven by higher payroll, marketing expense and property tax expense. Our revenue and expense guidance results in a same-store net NOI range of 11.5% to 14.5%. The acquisition market continues to be competitive, and we will remain disciplined but opportunistic. We plan to continue our strategy of looking for off-market opportunities and plan to capitalize a portion of our acquisition volume with joint venture partners. Our guidance assumes $500 million in Extra Space investment, approximately half of which is already closed or under contract. We also expect to close $400 million of bridge loans and plan to retain $120 million in new balances in 2022. We have plenty of capital to invest if we find additional opportunities that create long-term value for our shareholders, and we will continue to be creative as we deploy capital in the sector. To support our 2021 and 2022 property growth, we made significant investments in our people, our infrastructure and our technology. This resulted in higher G&A expense in the fourth quarter, and we anticipate a higher run rate in 2022. This is primarily driven by payroll and technology R&D, which will advance initiatives that will support our growth for years to come. The return of historical G&A expenses temporarily paused during the pandemic, also contributes to this increase. Our core FFO is estimated to be between $7.70 and $7.95 per share. We anticipate $0.23 of dilution from value-add acquisitions and C of O stores up $0.12 from 2021 due to the significant acquisition volume of non-stabilized properties in the fourth quarter. Interest income will be somewhat weighted to the first quarter due to the timing of note sales and potential modification of our NexPoint investment. 2021 was a great year for Extra Space, and we are already on our way to another strong year in 2022. With that, let's turn it over to Victor to start our Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question on the line of Elvis Rodriguez from Bank of America.
Elvis Rodriguez: Good morning out there and congrats on the quarter and year. Joe, a quick question on strategy from an acquisitions perspective. I think your -- if I recall correctly, you had about $700 million at the -- in your guidance at the end of 3Q, but did $1.3 billion. What type of opportunities are you seeing -- and have already closed on, call it, $250 million year-to-date. What type of opportunities are you seeing and what gives you sort of some comfort or pause on the $500 million that you shared and maybe being able to do more as the year progresses?
Joseph Margolis : Great. Thank you, Elvis. So we saw a good number of kind of year-end tax motivated transactions come in the fourth quarter, and we were able to execute on those. Most of them -- almost all of them were single properties or groupings of a very small number of properties. We also were able to do 1 larger portfolio where we were not the high bidder on the portfolio. But through OP units and shares, we were able to offer the seller some tax deferment, which allowed us to capture that transaction as well. Looking forward, our target of 5 -- or guidance of $500 million is an assumption. We're pretty far along the way to getting there. If there are opportunities to do more deals. We certainly have lots and lots of different capital sources and debt capacity to do it, and we'll do it. But what's in our guidance is $500 million.
Elvis Rodriguez : Then just as a follow-up, are you able to share a cap rate on your 4Q acquisitions?
Joseph Margolis : So almost all of our fourth quarter acquisitions were unstabilized lease-up deals. And on a wholly owned basis, first year yield -- and this is fully loaded. This includes cost to manage, CapEx, tax reassessment, our expense structure was in the was in the low to mid-3s first year. And we stabilized in the mid-5s and a little over little over a year, maybe 15 to 17 months with average stabilization for those deals. When you do those same deals in a joint venture structure, you can add 200 basis points to 225 basis points to those numbers. So first year in the mid-5s and stabilizing in the high 7s.
Elvis Rodriguez : Great. And then for my second question, maybe for Scott, can you talk about the floating rate debt in your portfolio? I know you mentioned potentially doing an unsecured deal sometime this year to term out some of the line of credit debt. But can you talk about the overall variable debt as a part of your structure, and how comfortable you are given the rise in rates?
Scott Stubbs : Yes. I mean obviously, you prefer rates to be falling, but they're rising today. So part of our strategy has always been to have some component of variable rate debt. We typically have operated 20% to 30% variable rate debt. It gets a little higher when we have more drawn on our lines of credit, and we are terming some things out. This year, we have about $535 million drawn at the end of the year. So that caused us to be about 25% variable rate debt. As we look forward in ways that we hedge, one of the natural hedges that we do have is we do loan money. We have these bridge loans and different types of investments that are variable rate instruments. So there is somewhat of a natural hedge on a portion of that, but we also will look to term out our draws on our line of credit this year through the bond market.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Juan Sanabria from BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Just wanted to ask what benefit, if any, is assumed or expected from the lifting of rent [restrictions]? Maybe if you can give us any color on where that represents the most upside?
Joseph Margolis : Sure, Juan. So the short answer is we believe that the lifting of the state of emergencies in California will give us about 50 basis points across the portfolio in lift. And obviously, there's a lot of assumptions to go into this, primarily what's the length of stay, the future length of stay of the tenants that have gotten these increases. So our guidance assumes 50 basis points.
Juan Sanabria: And that 50 is revenues, I'm assuming?
Joseph Margolis : Yes.
Juan Sanabria : Okay. And then just talking on the expense side, you could flush out a little bit about how much ballpark you're expecting kind of the major line items to move for '22 that's embedded into your guidance?
Scott Stubbs : Juan, our guidance assumes close to 7% on the payroll number, and that is not only wage inflation, but that is operating more closer to fully staffed. Last year, you actually had negative payroll and so it's a really tough comp. And then property taxes, we're assuming about 5.5% growth. And then marketing, about 10% growth.
Juan Sanabria : Great.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Michael Goldsmith from UBS.
Michael Goldsmith : You had a very strong 2021, nearly 20% same-store NOI growth, 14% same-store revenue growth -- but wondering how much of the gains from last year is influencing how you guide for the upcoming year? It's been clear from those like you and your peers that have guided, or report at this point that the strength of the performance in 2021 is influencing expectations in 2022. And within that, given your same-store revenue guidance of 10.5% to 12.5%, and the comparisons are considerably harder in the back half, how should we think about the performance in the upcoming year from the first half versus second half?
Joseph Margolis : Yes. So clearly, a strong 2021 influences performance in 2022 for a number of reasons. One is we have very high occupancy, which gives us pricing power, particularly when we still see a strong demand with no diminution in demand. Secondly, as rates go up and we put new tenants in, that takes a while to flow into -- that rent roll takes a while to flow into performance. So as we put tenants in the later half of 2021, that helps gives us a rise throughout 2022. And then we already mentioned ECRI. But you're right that even with the strong performance that we expect throughout the year, our comps are tougher at the back half of the year. So the rate of growth will moderate even though we should have strong performance throughout the year. Are you able to help kind of frame it? Like do we start the year at kind of the high end of the guidance and at the low end of the guidance or the kind of the difference line in? Or will the difference be greater than that?
Scott Stubbs : Yes. So we obviously finished the fourth quarter really strong. So we would expect the first quarter to be our strongest quarter. We would expect our first quarter to be really good. I mean we don't see it moving down significantly, partly because you had easier comps from last year. And then that rate of growth declines throughout the year as we get tougher comps. We don't expect rates necessarily to go backwards, and we expect to have pricing power but the comp to be more difficult, therefore, the rate of growth to decline as we move through the year.
Michael Goldsmith : Understood. And as a follow-up, we touched on a little bit on existing customer rent increases. For 2022, is there any change in your approach to them given the environment given the environment, are you looking to push the magnitude of rent increases harder or more frequently or maybe pull some rent increases up prior to the peak leasing season? Just trying to get better understand like the level of confidence surrounding the same-store revenue growth that's driven by the rate piece.
Joseph Margolis : So with respect to ECRI, we're coming off a period where it was really unusual, where we voluntarily stopped where we were restricted by the government for a long time, where we had outsized rent growth, which increased the gap between what people were paying in current street rate. I would imagine in '22, we would get back to a more normalized protocol for ECRI. What was the second half of the question? Do you remember, Scott? Can you repeat the second half of the question? I'm sorry.
Michael Goldsmith : Just it was related to the magnitude of rent increases more frequently. Or would you pull some rent increases prior to the peak leasing season to create vacancy to create vacancy when you have like the most -- potential for the most captive audience?
Joseph Margolis : Yes. So -- and I'm sorry, I made you repeat that question. I think we're always trying to maximize revenue and not bread on the shelf. So I don't think we are planning to create vacancy. So we'll have more vacancy in peak leasing season. We have natural churn every month and the ability to raise existing customers rate increase. So we're trying to continuously maximize revenue, and not look at particular months of the year.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Ki Bin Kim from Truist.
Ki Bin Kim : So going back to your capital deployment, obviously, you guys had a pretty robust quarter in 4Q. Also just curious, high level, did you just end up seeing more deals fitting your bull's eye? Or did the size of your fully change? And similar question for your C of O deals, I noticed that your C of O pipeline really expanded noticeably, similar question there.
Joseph Margolis : So I think if you look at the pattern of acquisitions in any year, it's back-end loaded. I think there is a season -- normal seasonality. And it was probably more -- it was more pronounced this year. And we just saw more deals that made sense. We didn't change our underwriting or our discipline. We just happen to be able to capture more opportunities. And we do have more C of Os now. We did see more of those opportunities that made sense for us. But again, nowhere near where we were in '16, '17, '18.
Ki Bin Kim : Got it. And implicit in your 2022 same-store revenue guidance, what are you thinking for street rate growth compared to what it was in 4Q?
Scott Stubbs : So we'll see in terms of street rate growth for the year. I can tell you a little bit about our assumptions, and what we're seeing in the first quarter. So our achieved rates in the first quarter so far have been very similar to the fourth quarter. Our achieved rates were up 20% in the fourth quarter. We're seeing that into this year. We haven't seen significant degradation in occupancy. Our occupancy is slightly below where we were before. Our rate of growth will slow in terms of street rates. And what I mean by that is we pushed rates as much as 20% to 40% depending on the month, depending on the comp from the prior year. We don't expect that in 2022. So we don't necessarily look -- think that we will decrease rates, but we do not expect that kind of growth in 2022.
Ki Bin Kim : If I could pick a little bit more -- try to get a little more out of the answer. Any kind of range you can provide?
Scott Stubbs : They're going to be better in the first quarter than in the back half of the year. I think that's really all we can provide. And part of that has to do with the comp in the front half versus the back half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Stein from Stifel.
Kevin Stein : I was just wondering, so you sold like $200 million of properties. I was just wondering if the reason for selling them was it just really good pricing. Or was there any strategic reason for that?
Joseph Margolis : I would say both. I mean we always look to optimize our portfolio and either select markets or individual assets where we prefer to have less exposure. And to do so in a period of time where cap rates are at historic lows is very advantageous. We sold about half of our -- the sales we did last year into a venture where we were able to keep management, and some exposure to those assets. And the other rough half we sold out right, but we're able to keep management of 12 of the 14 properties. So I think it's both strategic play and also happen to be good market timing.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Todd Thomas from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Todd Thomas : I was wondering if you could talk about the contribution to FFO that's embedded in the guidance from non-same-store growth in '22? And can you share how much of an NOI yield, the increase that you're anticipating on the non-same-store?
Scott Stubbs : So make sure I understand the question. You're trying to understand where in addition to the property NOI, where the growth is coming from. Is that -- for the contribution outside of non same-store or the property?
Todd Thomas : Yes. Outside of the -- so outside of the same-store, I think in the prepared remarks, you mentioned sort of a mid-3 initial yield stabilizing in the mid-5s on what was acquired during the full year, plus some other non-same-store assets, C of O deals, et cetera. What's sort of embedded in the guidance for NOI -- for the NOI yield uptick that you're anticipating on the non-same-store in 22?
Scott Stubbs : Yes. Maybe the best way to think of it, Todd, is if you take the same-store performance, which we've given and look at your NOI there, you're at the midpoint, your 13 -- and then you look at the FFO growth and our FFO growth is slightly higher than that. So effectively, all of the non-same-store properties are contributing to the level that the G&A is going up, that your interest expense is going up. So it's effectively a wash. So the non-same store is awash in terms of offsetting the other increases. So you have several other increases happening here. You have G&A going up. You have interest expense going up, and then you have an additional amount of dilution from some of the lease-up stores that we bought at the end of last year. We have $0.23 this year versus our dilution from last year.
Todd Thomas : Okay. And on -- for the management fee and tenant reinsurance income growth, the guidance there. What's that based on in terms of net growth to the third-party management platform? I mean how many ads are you anticipating throughout the year?
Scott Stubbs : So management fees and tenant insurance both increased by the increase in joint ventures from last year as well as an additional 100 stores net is what our guidance assumes for next year.
Todd Thomas : Okay. So up 100 stores net in '22. Got it. Okay. And then just lastly, I think, Scott, you mentioned when you were talking about where achieved rates were year-to-date and similar to the fourth quarter, I think you mentioned that occupancy slipped just a little bit here to start the year. Can you just tell us where occupancy is today and what that year-over-year spread looks like?
Scott Stubbs : Your spread, it's slightly negative. I'm trying to -- the best way to explain it, we have 2 different numbers. You have a -- you're about negative 40 bps year-over-year, but you're also comparing a new same-store pool. So just want to make sure we're not solving for the exact amount. And again, we're not solving for occupancy. And so we view this as still being in a really good spot. But when we're at 94.6% today, and we're pushing rates as hard as we are -- occupancy is 1 component of this.
Todd Thomas : Okay. Okay. So 94.6% is for the new same-store that's occupancy as of today?
Scott Stubbs : That's correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Samir Khanal from Evercore.
Samir Khanal: Scott, just on the occupancy question. I mean, what are you baking in sort of in the second half of the year, sort of that summer peak to end of the year decline?
Scott Stubbs : Yes. So without giving exact occupancy, I can maybe just give you a little bit of input. We're not assuming that we get a benefit from occupancy in 2022. Last year, in 2021, I think we got 250 basis points of benefit from occupancy. And then I believe we're ending the year slightly negative to where we're starting -- where we ended the year this year. But again, no benefit that we experienced in 2021. And so we do see occupancy is still being strong in 2022.
Samir Khanal : Okay. And then I guess on the guidance for G&A, I mean it did go up. I think it was about $20 million. Just trying to see if there's anything sort of onetime in nature there? I know you talked about payroll and kind of return to normal. But -- and I know you talked about investments in technology as well. So is there anything kind of onetime in nature that we need to think about as we think about sort of '23?
Joseph Margolis : I'm not sure if they're onetime in nature, but we're certainly making longer-term investments that don't have an immediate payoff. So our company is growing very fast. And we're making investments in infrastructure that will facilitate continued growth at the pace that we want. And we're also making certain technology and R&D investments that won't add anything in 2022. It will be long-term beneficial and accretive. The flip side, which I don't think is temporary or -- is the increasing payroll. I think we're just in a new payroll environment, and that's going to be ongoing in my opinion.
Operator: Our next question is come from the line of Smedes Rose from Citi.
Smedes Rose : I just wanted to ask a little more on the acquisitions outlook, and you and others are seeing a pretty -- market slowdown from last year's elevated activity. I'm wondering, is it -- anything you're seeing on the sort of the quality of the assets are there for sale? Is there just less stuff for sale? Is it a purposeful sort of pullback on your part? Or maybe you could just talk just a little bit more about what you're seeing, maybe what's changed since last year?
Joseph Margolis : Smedes, as I said earlier, I think there's a seasonality to this, and there's a natural slowdown early in the year. We are still the market for sale. I don't think quality is very different than it was last year and prior years. There's some stuff of good quality and some stuff of less quality. But I think your overall thesis is right. It's hard to imagine that the volume in 2022 will match 2021. That was just an enormous year in number of transactions. I'm talking about the industry, not necessarily for us.
Smedes Rose : Right. Right. And then could you just update us on what's been happening with the length of stay? Where is it now? And maybe where was it pre-pandemic as a reminder?
Joseph Margolis : Sure. So length of stay has steadily increased from the beginning of the pandemic to now -- we're now at about 2/3 of our customers have been with than 1 year, and maybe 42% or 43% of our have been with us longer than 2 years, and those are absolute all-time highs. We've never had that level of long-term customers in the portfolio. .
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows : Maybe just a question on supply. Wondering if you guys could go through your current expectation for supply in '22 and maybe even '23? And how much visibility you think you have at this point? And what's shaping those views?
Joseph Margolis : So we continue to see a moderation in supply. We look at store -- new deliveries that affect our stores. So we're not national statistics or markets that we're not in. And if you look over the last 3 years and into 2022, it's kind of been a steady moderation. 28% of our stores were affected by new supply in 2019; 23% in 2020; 20% in 2021. And our best projection is about 18% in 2022. So new supply hasn't gone away. Stores are still being delivered. We get the opportunity to manage an awful lot of those, which is a good thing for us. But it is moderating.  2023, I don't have any predictions for, yet. I am concerned that given the tremendous performance in the asset class and the amount of capital seeking exposure to storage that we'll see an uptick in new development. And we know how to manage through that. We've done that before, and will provide opportunities for us, either to manage stores or participate like our C of O deals or make bridge loans. But I would not at all be surprised to see this pattern of moderation of deliveries reverse itself in 2023.
Caitlin Burrows : Got it. Okay. And then maybe just following up on some prior points. I know you mentioned you don't expect the same amount of rent growth in '22 as '21. But with such high occupancy and rents, what are you currently seeing in terms of price sensitivity of customers? And maybe how that ends up impacting whether they decide to stay or go?
Joseph Margolis : Well, we certainly track folks who vacate after they get rent increase notices from us, and that has increased over time. So as we have sent out these notices, we see more tenants vacating because of that. But that's not problematic for us because it's not to a number yet that it doesn't make sense to hand out the rate increases. And demand is so strong. We're very easily able to backfill those tenants.
Caitlin Burrows : At those higher rates? Or I guess, what ends up being that spread then between the new person and that proposed rent increase?
Joseph Margolis : Yes. At those higher rates.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Balaguer from Green Street.
David Balaguer: Just wanted to touch on interest rates and cap rates. The market is certainly expecting a number of rate hikes this year. I imagine you haven't seen that bleed in the transaction market just yet. But how quickly would you expect cap rates to rise in a rising rate environment, just given as you mentioned before, there is a lot of new capital that's seeking storage exposure. .
Joseph Margolis : Well, it's the right question, right? And traditionally, as interest rates go up, cap rates go up. But the fact that you mentioned that there's so much capital line to invest in self-storage may cause that to lag, may cause rates to go up and cap rates not to react immediately. But it's an unknown, and a very important question.
David Balaguer: And to that extent, if we were to see cap rates rise and perhaps your cost of equity capital mostly unchanged, would that entice you to be a little bit more aggressive on the acquisition front?
Joseph Margolis : Sure. If our cost of capital was the same and cap rates went up, that would spur us to be more active.
David Balaguer: Got it. And one last question real quick on migratory patterns and just national mobility is sort of a number of market participants cite that as a demand driver in the last several quarters. There also seems to be some data out there from the residential side that seems to suggest that moving activity really hasn't materially changed since pre-COVID levels. Is there something specifically sensitive was brought on about moving activity that has led to customers being a little bit stickier than they have in the past?
Joseph Margolis : So I would pause it, the stickier customers are not the moving customers. The customers where we've seen length of stay increase the most are the customers that cite lack of space as a reason for storing, not those who cite moving. So kind of a simple example is the individual who turned the extra bedroom into a home office or room for kids to go to school, and tend to be slower to turn that back to what it was. If they do it at all, then someone who's moving and at some point, move and don't need the storage anymore.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Ronald Kamdem from Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem : Most of my questions have been asked, but I just wanted to go back to the comment on sort of the expiration and the contribution to same-store revenue. I think you talked about 50 basis points. Hoping we can get a little bit more color. Is that mostly L.A.? And maybe what do you think is sort of the mark-to-market on that part of the business with these expirations?
Joseph Margolis : Yes. That was -- I'm sorry if I wasn't clear that, that was -- the 50 basis points was as a result of California, which is mostly L.A. for us, lifting their state of emergencies.
Ronald Kamdem : Got it. And then so any sense of what -- that seems a little -- trying to get a sense of the conservatism baked into that. Any idea of what the mark-to-market could be on that portfolio, and how that compares to the rest?
Joseph Margolis : The mark-to-market being the gap between in-place and what we're raising people to?
Ronald Kamdem : Exactly.
Joseph Margolis : So we sent out rate increase notices for those tenants. And we obviously know what that all adds up but it's not a number we're revealing this year.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mike Mueller from JPMorgan.
Mike Mueller : Yes. Just a couple of quick ones here. First of all, I know you talked about yields on fourth quarter acquisitions, but what was the average occupancy for what you acquired in the fourth quarter? And then is the focus in '22 to buy assets with a lot of lease-up potential as well?
Joseph Margolis : So I'll answer those in reverse questions. Yes. I think most of our opportunities in 2022 will continue to be stores that have some lease-up, some value-add. Average occupancy -- I'll try to look up real quickly. But I don't think it's going to be a very meaningful number. Because many times, you have stores that are at high occupancies that look like they're close to stabilize, but they're not an economic stabilization, right? You've gotten to that high occupancy by leasing it up below market. So the uplift is in moving rates to market, not necessarily in gaining a lot of occupancy.
Mike Mueller : Got it. That makes sense. And then, I guess, just one other question. In terms of returns, when you're sitting there and looking at a C of O deal, how different is that target of return versus what may be a typical -- if there is a typical operating property that you would come across that has a decent amount of lease-up potential?
Joseph Margolis : So it kind of depends on time, right? So if you are looking at a C of O property that you think is going to stabilize 3 years out, just to be simplistic, and you compare that to a lease-up property that stabilizes 24 months out or lease-up properties that stabilizes 12 months out. Obviously, for each of those, you want to be compensated a little bit more for the additional time that it takes you to get there. So your yield will be highest on the CO and lowest on the property that stabilizes in 9 months or 6 months. And then the other factor is our view of the risk of achieving those numbers and other maybe strategic factors to buy in the store or not by this.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Keegan Carl from Berenberg.
Keegan Carl : Just wondering if we could dive in a little bit more of the R&D expense side of things for tech. Can you some more color on the investment, how it's being allocated and maybe how it compares to your historical average?
Joseph Margolis : Could you ask that question again, please?
Keegan Carl : Yes. So with regards to your tech spending on R&D, just kind of curious if you can give us any color on how it's being allocated and how it relates to your historical average.
Scott Stubbs : So I would say it is higher than it has been historically. And in terms of getting into the details of what we're investing in things like that, we feel like it's probably not something we'd talk about on a public call because we feel like it's something that gives us a potentially competitive advantage.
Keegan Carl : Got it. I guess just from our seat then, I mean is it fair to assume that maybe some of these investments over the longer term can sort of mitigate and offset some of your future payroll expenses that you're expecting to be permanent?
Joseph Margolis : So I would say that's a part of it. We certainly are looking to become more efficient and have the right amount of staffing at various stores. But in no way are we giving up on store managers or don't value our store managers or understand the importance they have on the revenue line item, and what they add in terms of increased revenue at the store and taking care of the store, et cetera. I would also say that's probably a minority of what we're focused on in terms of kind of innovative ways to participate in this business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Elvis Rodriguez from Bank of America.
Elvis Rodriguez : Scott, just a quick follow-up on the marketing spend. You said plus 10% year-over-year. Can you share how the impact of the privacy changes that are happening with cookies, et cetera, are impacting sort of your online word search spend?
Scott Stubbs : Yes. It's not impacting us as of now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And I'm not showing any further questions in the queue at this moment. I'd like to turn the call back over to speakers for any closing remarks.
Joseph Margolis : Great. I want to thank everyone for your interest in Extra Space, and for your good questions today. Clearly, we are in a very healthy business. We're set up very well for 2022. And we're excited to talk to you about our performance throughout the year. Thank you very much, and have a great day.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to and welcome to the Extra Space Storage Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder this conference call may be recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your host, Mr. Jeff Norman, Senior Vice President, Capital Markets. Sir the floor is yours.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Juana. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's third quarter 2021 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, October 28, 2021. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Jeff, and thanks, everyone, for joining the call. Well, we had an exciting quarter. I'm not sure how else to describe it. Among other accomplishments we celebrated the addition of store number 2,000 to our portfolio. We were recognized by Inside Self Storage as the Best Third-Party Management Company in the industry. And we achieved some of the strongest operating results in our company's history. Same-store occupancy once again, reached a new all-time high during the quarter at over 97%, with vacates continuing at lower than historic levels. Our strong occupancy resulted in exceptional pricing power. Achieved rates to new customers in the quarter were 43% higher than 2020 levels and 41% greater than 2019 levels. In addition to the benefit from new customer rates, we have continued to bring existing customers closer to current street rates as state of emergency rate restrictions continue to be lifted throughout the country. Other income improved significantly year-over-year, primarily due to increased late fees contributing 30 basis points to revenue growth in the quarter. We had modestly higher discounts due to higher street rates, but their impact was offset by lower bad debt. These drivers produced same-store revenue growth of 18.4% up 480 basis point acceleration from Q2. And same-store NOI growth of 27.8% an acceleration of 760 basis points. In addition, our external growth initiatives produced steady returns outside of the same-store pool resulting in FFO growth of 41.2%. Turning to external growth, the acquisition market remains very active but expensive in our view. Our investment team has never been busier and we have found the most success acquiring lease-up properties and/or acquiring stores with the joint venture partner. While most of our transactions have been in relatively small bites the total is adding up, allowing us to increase our investment guidance to $700 million for the year. Also, our approach has resulted in better than market average yields. But we are much more focused on FFO per share accretion than total acquisition volume. And we plan to continue to be selective in the current environment. We continue to look at all material transactions in the market, and we have plenty of capital to invest when we find opportunities that create long-term value for our shareholders. We had an incredibly strong quarter on the third-party management front, adding 96 stores. Our growth was partially offset by dispositions where owners sold their properties. It is worth mentioning that oftentimes we are the buyer of these properties and they are simply moving from one ownership category to another. In the quarter we purchased 11 of our managed stores in the REIT or in a joint venture for a total of 30 stores purchased from our third-party platform through September. Fundamentals have remained even stronger than our already positive outlook, allowing us to raise our annual FFO guidance by $0.28 at the midpoint. While we still assume a seasonal occupancy moderation, it has been less than our initial estimate of 300 basis points from this summer's peak. Our revised guidance now assumes 200 basis point moderation, which would result in 2021 year-end occupancy generally similar to that of 2020. We expect continued strong growth in the fourth quarter to cap off what has been an incredible year for Extra Space Storage. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe. And hello everyone. As Joe mentioned, we had an excellent quarter with accelerating same-store revenue growth driven by all-time high occupancy and strong rental rate growth to new and existing customers. Core FFO for the quarter was a $1.85 per share a year-over-year increase of 41.2%. Property performance was the primary driver of the beat with additional contribution from growth in tenant insurance income and management fees. As a result of our strong FFO growth, our Board of Directors raised our third quarter dividend an additional 25% after already raising it 11% earlier this year, a total increase of 38.9% over the third quarter 2020 dividend. We delivered a reduction in same-store expenses in the quarter, including a 3% savings in payroll, 42% savings in marketing and a 4% decrease in property taxes due to some successful appeals. Despite the payroll savings we've enjoyed this year, like most companies, we have felt material wage pressure across all markets, including our corporate office. Some of the payroll reduction has been the result of higher turnover and longer time required to fill vacant positions. We will experience continued payroll pressure in 2022, as we have raised wages to retain and recruit the best team in the storage industry. This will also impact our G&A expense. In the second quarter, we completed our inaugural investment grade public bond offering, and we completed a successful second offering in the third quarter, issuing another $600 million, 10-year bond at a rate of 2.35%. We also refiled our ATM in the quarter and we have $800 million in availability. Our access to capital has never been stronger. And between net operating income and disposition proceeds, our leverage continues to be reduced. Our quarter-end net debt-to-EBITDA was 4.5 times giving us significant dry powder for investment opportunities while maintaining our credit ratings. Last night, we revised our 2021 guidance and annual assumptions. We raised our same-store revenue range to 12.5% to 13.5%. Same-store expense growth was reduced to negative 1% to zero, resulting in same-store NOI growth range of 18% to 19.5%. These improvements in our same-store expectations are due to better than expected rates, higher occupancy and lower payroll and marketing expense. We raised our full year core FFO range to be $6.75 to $6.85 per share, due to stronger lease-up performance we dropped our anticipated dilution from value-add acquisitions and C of O stores from $0.12 to $0.11. Even after adding a number of additional lease-up properties to our acquisition pipeline, we're excited by our strong performance year-to-date and the success of our team driving our growth strategies across our highly diversified portfolio. As we often say, it's a great time to be in storage. With that, let's turn it over to Joanna to start our Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good morning. Given the strength in the  that you've had year-to-date and exceeding expectations. Just curious if you could speak to the earn-in as we start to think about 2022 if you assume kind of occupancy hold steady versus what you've achieved year-to-date and/or how did you guys think about that?
Joe Margolis: So it's always important to remember and we've talked about this before that occupancy is just one metric. So if occupancy does better than what we've assumed for our guidance, I assume we'd also have good rate pressure or rate power and we would be set up to have a strong 2022.
Juan Sanabria: But is there any way to estimate given the results you've had to-date and how much of the portfolio has had the rate increases in given average length of stay? What's kind of locked in to start the year next year, given results to-date?
Joe Margolis: So, I mean, we'll certainly make all of those estimates and come up with guidance for 2022. And talk about that early in the first quarter next year.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. And then just a more strategic big picture question. You guys talked about the acquisitions environment being very heady at this point and prefer to do kind of singles and doubles and working with joint venture partners, but given the scale, you're now 2000 stores, any interest in pursuing development on balance sheet and building out the capabilities in-house?
Joe Margolis: So yes, to the first part of that question, we're not adverse to pursuing development on balance sheet. We have a very small number of developments underway or that we're committed. Two, we believe for us. And I know other companies executed a different way, which makes sense for them. The best way for us to do development is with joint venture partners, where we can be the partner with the best local or regional developer who brings their particular local skills and something that we don't have across the country. And the other advantage that gives us is through structure. We can allocate the specific risks of development entitlement risk, cost risk, delay risk, completion risk, fairly between the development partner, not in ours. So we don't take all of those risks when those are frankly, more in the development partners control. So we believe development is a great way to make money in any real estate business. We believe if it's structured, right, you can control the risk and we believe it's very important to make sure you're in the right time in the market cycle to be heavy in the development business.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks Joe.
Joe Margolis: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Goldsmith of UBS. Your line is open. Michael, if you are on mute, please unmute. Your line is open.
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning. Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Same-store revenue growth for the year is now expecting to be 12.5%, 13.5%. That implies something in the fourth quarter. That's above what you saw in the first half of the year, but maybe you slower than the third quarter. So the comparison from last year and the fourth quarter may be 400 basis points for difficult. So how much of the implied slowdown in same-store revenue growth is a reflection of starting to lap more difficult comparisons compared to underlying trends and how much of an impact should this more difficult comparison to have going forward?
Joe Margolis: Yes. So you hit it right on the head in that the fourth quarter is a much more difficult comp. If you look at where  if you're looking back to 2020, I mean second quarter, we had negative rates. Third quarter, we moved to low to mid single-digit, achieved rate growth. In the third quarter, we had close to double-digit rate growth. And in the fourth quarter, we really started moving rates significantly, so much more difficult comp in the fourth quarter. In addition, some of the occupancy goes away, the occupancy benefit we're expecting occupancy at the end of the year to be flat, but to still have a positive occupancy benefit, but not as strong and  as what we had in the second and third quarter. But most of it is from rate and to comp.
Michael Goldsmith: Got it. And how much of your portfolio now is up near these kind of new market rates of set another way, like how much upside is last from passing along ECRI is when marking your existing customer portfolio up to these market rates?
Joe Margolis: Okay. So I think weve made up most of the room. Theres still some states where were limited. And as rates go up, the gap continues, but I would say most of its in the rear view mirror.
Michael Goldsmith: Got it. And if we could just touch on costs for a second, the costs were well contained in the quarter, same-store expenses were down 4%. Those of the decline was driven primarily by lower marketing like as we look forward, are there any expense items that could pressure the business? You mentioned payroll insurance was a big, can you kind of walk through kind of where you see expense fresher and kind of to the extent that you can talk about the magnitude of that, thatd be extremely helpful.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Let me maybe start with property taxes. I mean, we had a negative quarterly comp and thats not going to continue. Property taxes we would expect to grow in the 5% to 6% range. As we continue to see pressure and I think thats partly with lower cap rates, higher valuations. We would expect municipalities to continue to assess. We would expect that to continue into next year. We  obviously, were not ready to give guidance on property taxes, but that will continue. The second one I would point to is marketing. We wouldnt expect it to be down 40% again this year. We would expect next year to maybe be a little bit more normal and its a lever we will use as we see opportunities to grow our revenues by using marketing. The third one, I would point to just because of the size of the expenses payroll. So this year weve had a negative payroll comp and its been by us being proactive, partly so weve done things to decrease hours to optimize our payroll, but weve also had some what I would call a negative benefit. And what I mean by that is weve seen our payroll go down, because weve had higher turnover and weve had longer time to fill. So not necessarily a good thing. Weve had lower payroll as a result of that. We continue to see pressure on wages. So thats at the stores, thats in our corporate office and we would expect that to be  we would expect that to continue into next year. I think every company in America is experiencing that. The other thing I would point to on the expense side is its a good thing to be in storage. And what I mean by that is were in a high margin business. So payroll, for instance, even if we see significant payroll and payroll pressure, youre still sub 6% as a percentage of revenues. And so if youre an inflationary market, we do have the ability to push our rates as their month-to-month leases.
Michael Goldsmith: Very helpful. Thank you very much.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Your next question is from Todd Thomas of KeyBanc Capital. Your line is open.
Todd Thomas: Hi, thanks. Just the first question following-up on rates, in place versus street. Joe, you said your efforts in the quarter on rate increases helped to bring in place customer ends closer to street. Whats the spread look like today? And can you remind us what that spread between in place and street rates looked like sort of back in 2019, maybe before the pandemic or maybe on average over the shorter the tenure period perhaps heading into the pandemic?
Joe Margolis: Sure. So its seasonal as you know, and its our spread is the highest in the summer. I think it was the high teens when we had our last call. Its closer to flat to slightly positive 1% now. And if you look historically, we would be negative now.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And right, so youve  historically, youve increased in place customer rents above street rates. And so where did that sort of peak in the prior cycle?
Joe Margolis: Todd, would you just repeat that please? Youre saying
Todd Thomas: So youve increased in place customer rent above street historically, right and which resulted in the negative spread that youve historically had. What was that spread like in sort of when  where did that spread peak in the prior cycle? I guess Im trying to understand how much room you might have on the in place customer rent increase program to take contractual rents higher, even if asking rents are sort of flattish from here on a seasonally adjusted basis.
Joe Margolis: Yes. So I think the other factor you may not be picking up is street rates can go down. So its not on the increasing existing customers that causes the gap. Its street rates are the highest in the summer and they have a seasonal decline. And that, that causes some of the gaps. Scott, do you know off the top of your head, the percentage that hes looking for in prior years?
Scott Stubbs: Dont know that its a number weve ever given, Todd. Weve always referred to in place versus street. Weve talked how theyre  they go in a cycle where you peak in the summer in terms of that gap. Its typically high-single digits in the summer that gap, and then it goes maybe high-single digits in the winter. So you peak in July, you bought them out in February. This year we peaked 19%, as Joe mentioned, were typically starting to go negative now. We have as our street rates are as strong as theyve ever been.
Todd Thomas: Okay. All right. And then just with regards to the in place customer rent increases that youre passing through, can you talk about the magnitude or rate growth that youre pushing through to customers and whether youve changed the frequency of those rent increases that eligible customers are receiving? I think it historically has been sort of month five, and then maybe every nine months thereafter or something to that extent. Is that still the schedule or has that changed at all?
Joe Margolis: Yes, so were very unusual times, right. We had significantly discounted rates during the height of COVID and brought in people at some really low rates. And then we had government restrictions that prevented us from moving those folks through, where we thought they should be. And the third factor is we had really impressive street rate growth. So that caused us to have some customers that had very, very large gaps between where they were at what street rate was. And weve been trying to move those customers more towards street rate. And as I said, in the earlier question, weve done a lot of that. Most of that is in the rear view mirror. But thats kind of led us to have experience and numbers that are very different than our historical practice, because were not in normal times.
Todd Thomas: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Tood.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Caitlin Burrows of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning team. I guess, first with rent per square foot continuing to rise. How price sensitive are you finding customers? And do you have an idea, what portion of move-outs today are due to price and how that compares versus history? Just wondering if its gone up at all as rates have also increased.
Joe Margolis: Yes. Very, very, very modestly. We track move out of customers who didnt  did not receive rate increase notices. And as you can tell by our occupancy, the customers are not very price sensitive and those are  who are, were able to backfill very, very quickly.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Okay. And then on the cash flow growth side, its obviously been very strong, which has reduced your leverage. And you guys mentioned earlier that its now 4.5 times. So whats your view on being able to kind of redeploy capital in an attractive way, of course, to get leverage above five times? Is that something that you want to do?
Joe Margolis: Yes. I would love to be able to invest more and increase our leverage back towards our targeted rate, but  our targeted range, but not at the expense of doing deals that we dont think are good on long-term deals for our investors. So were going to remain discipline. We look at everything out there. Our investment teams, as I said, are really busy. We have a lot of exciting things, where were playing with. But were not going to invest just to get our leverage up. Were only going to invest, when we think the risk reward is attracted to us.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. I guess, thats a good position to be in. Thanks.
Joe Margolis: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Smedes Rose of Citi. Your line is open.
Smedes Rose: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to ask you a little bit about the acquisition volumes, and obviously, theyve come up a lot as weve  from what your expectations were coming into the year. And weve seen that across the industry in general. And I mean, besides favorable pricing for sellers, what do you think are a few things that are kind of driving more folks to come to market? Is there any sort of theme that youre seeing when we talk to the sellers?
Joe Margolis: Well, clearly the first and most important is what you mentioned is, very favorable pricing, very low cap rates that brings people out of the woodwork wanting to sell. I think theres also some concern that the tax regime is going to change. And that maybe its better to pay your taxes now than in the future.
Smedes Rose: Okay. So just those, I mean, okay, nothing else in particular. I was just wondering, if you felt like independence or losing their  the competitive advantages of these larger portfolios that they get bigger and bigger as maybe impacting, but you think its probably more sort of tax and pricing thats driving that.
Joe Margolis: I do, Smedes.
Smedes Rose: Okay. And I wanted to ask you as well, just in terms of given that fundamentals are so strong. Has it changed at all, sort of level of inbound inquiries into bringing you on as a third party manager? I mean, there are other folks that are not part of these larger systems doing sort of similarly as well and are maybe not as inclined to come to you for management or how  are there any changes there, I guess?
Joe Margolis: Yes. I mean, Smedes, doing it right on the head. If you look at the consolidation in the industry, four or five years ago versus now, its up almost 50%, maybe from the low-20s to the low-30s percent of stores in the country are owned or managed by the big public companies. And weve seen that significantly and we brought on 96 stores in our third-party management platform in the third quarter, 196 through the year. Theres been a lot of sales of which we bought a bunch, but were still over 100 net growth in our third-party management platform. And thats a mix of the single one-off owner, who wants professional management or more quasi institutional partners, who we have good relations with and keep growing their portfolio. So its the growth in that business across all types of owners has been really, really strong and I expect it to continue to be so.
Smedes Rose: Okay. And then just final question from us. You mentioned your guidance underwrites about 200 basis points of occupancy declines through the fall, I think, or the winter. Have you started to see that moderation in October, so far to-date?
Joe Margolis: So today were sitting at 96.7% occupancy. So weve had pretty modest vacates or decline in occupancy since June 30, but  or September 30th. So thats where we are today.
Smedes Rose: Okay. Thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Samir Khanal of Evercore. Your line is open.
Samir Khanal: Hey, good afternoon. So when I look at your occupancy for some of the major gateway markets, it has not been impacted at the end of September. What sort of the return to work factor in place. Im just wondering how youre thinking about that dynamic of return to office and the impact it can have in your portfolio in some of the major markets, whether its New York or Boston or even kind of the LA area, maybe in 4Q and into next year.
Joe Margolis: So I think its a little early to really call that. I mean, the first thing I think its important for everyone to remember is all our markets are doing phenomenally well. If you look at our bottom five markets for revenue growth, theyre all above 13%. So theres no market thats really struggling. But our bottom markets do include New York and Boston and L.A. and San Francisco. And theres a lot of variables I think, between the stronger markets and the weaker markets. A couple of things that we think are consistent is markets that had state of emergencies in place longer, and theyre just coming out are performing a less well than other markets.
Samir Khanal: Okay. And then I guess, my second question is, Joe, given the  given where you are from an occupancy standpoint. I mean, its sort of that 96%, 97%, how are you thinking about your strategy in terms of pricing, lets say going into the next six months, right? Or how are you managing the business differently, given the level of occupancy today versus sort of pre-COVID here?
Joe Margolis: Yes. So we dont really look six months out, our models, our pricing units in stores every day and well react on a daily basis to not only whats going on, but what is projected to go on. So clearly in an environment where were 96.7%, were going to reduce marketing expenses and were going to keep the gas pressed on rates.
Samir Khanal: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Ki Bin Kim of Truist. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Congrats on a great quarter. So when you look at where your rates are versus your micro sub-market, your first your competitors, where are you today versus your competitors and how has that changed a whole lot over the past year or so?
Scott Stubbs: I think everybody has higher rates today. Were on the higher end. When we look at them compared to 2019, as Joe mentioned, our rates are up 40%, our achieved rates in the third quarter were 40% above where they were in 2019. So, I think everybodys pushing rates, we are pushing rates as our occupancy stays strong and as that demand stays strong.
Ki Bin Kim: Got it. And going back to the topic about submarket performance. I know you mentioned some locations that had to stay at  the kind of governmental orders that restrict the rent growth having a different impact on these markets. But how much of the performance difference between submarket is being driven by simply population migration? And do those markets  I saw an influx in population, do they just have a longer tail than the New York Times or Ciscos?
Joe Margolis: Yes, its really hard for us to divide performance to disaggregate performance between population movement and stay-at-home orders and new  effective new supply. Its really hard to figure out how much each of those variables and many, many other variables contribute to the performance of different markets.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Got it. And I got to squeeze on a quick third one. Youre talking about the payroll increases that we should expect going forward. Like what kind of magnitude were you thinking?
Joe Margolis: So I would say greater than inflation.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Ki Bin Kim: I wont give you a specific number because thats the Ray Scott will then ask for.
Operator: Your next question is from Elvis Rodriguez of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Elvis Rodriguez: Hi, and thank you for taking the questions. Congratulations on the quarter. Whats your update on the supply outlook in your markets through 2022 now that were an extra quarter from your last update?
Joe Margolis: So our projections for 2021 from our last update is actually slightly higher. I think the last quarter we said three-year rolling 2019 to 2021 was about 70% of our same-store pool is going to be effected or our stores. And thats up to about 73%. So a little bit of an increase. 2022 we see a larger decline three-year roll in 2021 and 2022, we think about 64.5% of our stores are going to be affected. And well continue to gather that data and get better. But we do see moderation in 2022. My concern is given the great, great performance of the sector, the amount of capital that wants exposure to storage, low interest rates, that we are going to get ourselves back into a development cycle. And the line will start to go in the other direction maybe in 2023 and beyond. Now thats not all bad, right? Development creates bridge loan and management and acquisition and development participation opportunities for us. But its also a challenge for the stores that have new supply coming in their trade area. And well manage through that just like we manage through the last cycle.
Elvis Rodriguez: Great. And then just a follow-up question on the bond deals. So youve got better pricing and longer-term this time around, your leverage is also lower quarter-over-quarter. How are you thinking about funding your business going forward? You didnt issue any equity in the quarter. So just curious on how you think about using those levers specifically since you started using the bond market this year. Thanks.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Were kind of in a unique market where we have a lot of good options. You have cheap debt, you have a stock price thats holding up and weve always said wed use equity if we have a place to put it in the near-term. So far this year, we havent had a great place to put equity and weve been de-levering as our NOI has grown and as we had some sales into joint ventures or outright sales. So, I think, equity is always an option, but I think well look to the debt markets first.
Elvis Rodriguez: Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Spenser Allaway of Green Street. Your line is open.
Spenser Allaway: Thank you. In terms of the occupancy losses that youre assuming for the full year, can you just talk about which consumer segments you expect could drive this? For instance, I know that college students have recently contributed to occupancy moves. So, Im just curious if you have a view on what might cause some of deterioration moving forward?
Joe Margolis: So, clearly as was mentioned earlier, if a return to work, picks up people come back to the major cities that could cause some loss in occupancy. I dont think that everyone who established a home office or an extra room is going to automatically reverse that. So, I think it will be gradual. Other than that, I think its kind of a normal churn of storage, right? The most of our customers are somewhere in the moving process. And when, at some point after theyre done moving, they dont need storage anymore. They eventually get around tempting their stuff up. So other than that kind of returned to office, returned to the big city. I dont think therell be anything unusual.
Jeff Norman: Spencer, the other thing I would maybe add is, we have a 200 basis point assumption in there, thats based somewhat off historical trends. Were kind of in an odd year this year. It seems like everything thats happened in the past hasnt necessarily happened this year. So its a number, its our assumption, I think that well see how it plays out.
Spenser Allaway: Okay. Thank you. And then just given residential space is the closest substitute to storage from a consumer standpoint, do you think that rising residential prices have contributed to your pricing power? Im just curious if this is something that you guys pay attention to or have absorbed over the years?
Joe Margolis: So, I think the theory is sound right. If it gets more expensive to rent a larger apartment, people may rent a smaller apartment, and use storage, it makes sense and we see anecdotal evidence of it. We dont have a whole lot of data where we can correlate, rising real estate pricing and demand for storage. And I think we need more time and more data before we be real specific about that.
Spenser Allaway: Okay, thank you.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Mueller of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Mike Mueller: Yes. Hi, thanks. Im curious, whats the pace of lease up that youre seeing in your C of O properties and when youre underwriting new transactions today, for those types of deals, what sort of yields are you underwriting to?
Joe Margolis: So the pace of lease up is faster. I mean, one of the things we pointed to in my comments was that we have less dilution this year than we originally forecasted. Thats largely to do with the pace lease up. It also has to do with rates being higher. We continue to look at C of O. I think that those very wildly by market and by how far out they are. Yes, some of the recent things that weve approved this year have been 7.5 range, but I think that we are also looking at where we are in a cycle and trying to make sure that we risk adjust for that too.
Mike Mueller: Got it. So back to the pace, so for thinking about underwriting to a stabilization, is it around a four-year timeframe youre thinking about, and youre seeing?
Joe Margolis: We havent changed our assumptions in terms of lease up. So even though weve benefited from shorter lease up, we recognize that that can change. It can also change depending on new supply in the market. We try to look at whats coming in the specific market were looking at, but the markets are dynamic and so we assume historical norms in terms of lease up of those properties.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay. That was it. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Rob Simone of Hedgeye Risk Management. Your line is open.
Rob Simone: Hey guys, thanks for taking the question. Hope all as well. I had a question about the management platform to the degree, youre able to answer it. So, you guys are over 800, I have some place close to 830 strictly third-party managed stores now and close to 1,100 in total, I guess, what is the long-term target if there is one and whats kind of the path to get there. And the reason why I asked that if I look at your property management fees, as a percentage of your G&A, its starting to trend back up over a longer timeframe towards like the 70% range, meaning youre getting closer to effectively paying for your corporate layer with fees. And I guess, from like a structural premium standpoint, even though you guys had already had one, Im curious, like how you guys think about like getting to that number or eclipsing it. I think its like $63 million on a $100 million now. And kind of how could that gap narrow over time?
Joe Margolis: Yes. So good question. Thank you. So, we dont target a number of stores. Were not trying to get to a 1000 or 2000 or whatever number you want to think of. Whats important for us is, we maintain our profitability by we can get a lot more stores if we reduced our fees, but we want to maintain our profitability. And we also want to have the right stores, right. A store with an owner that plans to hold for 10 years is of much more value to us than a store where its a developer and theyre going to build it and flip it. A store in a $40 market is much more valuable to us than a store in a $9 market. So, were really focused on the economics and the relationships that this business brings to us, as opposed to the outright number of stores. And if keeping within that discipline of maintaining our margins, we can grow the management fee revenue that it covers our G&A, or more than covers our G&A. Were going to grow it as big as we can.
Rob Simone: Yes. So its kind of like a lifetime value of the customer concept as opposed to just straight growing the top line. That's I think that's what you're saying. 
Joe Margolis: That's it.
Rob Simone: Got it. Okay. Yes, it makes sense. And I don't know, is there a time to ask one more? I don't want to take too much of your guys' time.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Rob Simone: Okay. Sure. Yeah. So I guess as it relates to an earlier question, so with, I mean your rental rates are flying off the page here, right? It's obvious to everybody, I guess, how do you guys internally think about your customers, like propensity or where with all to pay? I mean, I know it's spread over thousands of leases or, tens of thousands of leases even, but do you guys look at like, how income to rent eight ratios change, or I'm just curious how you guys think about that. Like, in terms of what's like the upside and longer customers where with all to like continue paying higher rates.
Joe Margolis: So a couple of things, one is we have over 1.2 million customers, so we're highly, highly granular on this topic. Secondly, when storage gets more expensive and our tenants complain, they can't afford our store managers are really good about talking to them about, do you really need a 10/10? Or can we get you into a 10/5 or maybe a unit that's upstairs further away. So we can have other tools to solve their problems. Third is if it does get more expensive and they move out, that's not a problem for us today. We have plenty of demand to backfill their space. And then lastly, most of our customers don't think they're staying very long. Now they end up staying about 50% longer than they think they're staying. But most of them that added cost they believe is temporary and they can swallow hard. It's only those real long, long-term tenants that you have that more of that problem.
Rob Simone: Got it. Okay. Thanks, I appreciate it. Thanks for taking the questions.
Joe Margolis: Sure. Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin Stein of Stifel. Your line is open.
Kevin Stein: Hey, good morning guys. So revenue accelerated in the same store quite a bit since 2Q and I was just wondering if there's any maybe like new demand drivers, or if it's just, the existing demand drivers that are increasing, or if it's just more of your confidence in being able to increase rental rates more. Thanks.
Joe Margolis: So I would tell you, it's steady demand combined with low vacate. So people are staying longer today. The people that have rented with us have been sticky. So I think we did see an increase in demand last year. We saw, if we look, ask our customers why they said they were out of space, if you ask them today, that's moved back more towards I'm moving. So, those are kind of the reasons they give for moving or for storing with us and vacate throughout this entire period have been very, very low. So we have less units that need to be rented each month because people are staying longer and vacating less today.
Kevin Stein: Okay. Do you have a sense of, so I guess like I'm not sure what your average wanting to stay, but for the industry is maybe like 15, 16 months. So I guess that imply like roughly 7% of customers will be moving out on average. Do you know, like how many, or do you give a number on how many or what percentage of your portfolio turns over in a month?
Joe Margolis: We haven't, and that's going to vary by property type. So what I mean by that is a new property is going to have a much shorter length of stay than a property that's 30 years old. You have more and more long-term customers of that, a much lower churn. What we have seen is churn has gone down through COVID so that, if you're referring to 7%, it's lower than that. And it continues to go lower as the vacates are lower.
Kevin Stein: Okay, thanks.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Your next question is from Ronald Kamdem of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey, just a quick question on just E-rentals. Can you just remind us what percentage is coming through that channel and maybe have you seen anything different from that customer relative to the rest of the portfolio? Thanks.
Joe Margolis: So we're at about 25% today. We were, I think, 20 or 21 at our last cost. So we've seen a slight increase in customer's use of that channel customers report very high satisfaction rates with it. So that's good for us. And there's really not a very meaningful difference in the customer that I could describe to you.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. That's all my questions. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks.
Jeff Norman: Thanks, Ron.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Goldsmith of UBS. Your line is open.
Michael Goldsmith: Hey, one more for me, you're going to get a $100 million back of your preferred investment from JCAP, maybe as early as next week, how you go about replacing the investments 4% return. And what do you plan on doing with the funds?
Scott Stubbs: Yeah, so we are going to continue doing what we've been doing, which we'll continue to look for are a Bridge loan opportunities, will continue to invest both on a wholly owned and a joint venture basis. And when unique opportunities come up like that, a preferred investment we'll consider those as well.
Michael Goldsmith: Great. Thank you guys
Operator: Speakers, I am showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Great. Thank you everyone for participating today, we appreciate your interest in Extra Space Storage. We're really happy to report the results that we've been able to report this quarter. And the only reason we can do it is because of the hard work of all the folks at Extra Space, starting with the folks in the store who deal with the customers every day, but also all the people in the call center and here in the corporate office, I'm extraordinarily proud of them and their dedication and hard work. So thank you. I hope you and all your families are well, take care.
Operator: Thank you, Speakers. Ladies and gentlemen this concludes todays conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-28 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q2 2021 Extra Space Storage Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Capital Markets, Jeff Norman. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Norman: Thank you, Latif. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unSed supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, July 28, 2021. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joseph Margolis: Thanks, Jeff, and thanks, everyone, for joining the call. Before I turn to the results, I want to take a moment and congratulate the entire Extra Space team. One of our goals for this year was to get to 2021 stores in the year 2021. And we've achieved that, which is a great thing. When I first started with Extra Space, we had 12 stores and it's incredible to see the exceptional growth of this company, the value we've created for our shareholders. So, I want to thank all the folks at Extra Space who contributed to our achieving that goal. I'm also happy to announce that we recently published our 2020 sustainability report with disclosures and information related to the company's environmental, social, and governance initiatives. I invite our listeners to review the report on the Sustainability page of our Investor Relations website. Heading into this quarter -- I'm sorry, heading into the second quarter, our management team had high expectations due to our record high occupancy levels, significant pricing power, and a relatively easy 2020 comparable and actual performance far exceeded these elevated expectations. Same-store occupancy set another new high watermark at the end of June at 97%, which is incredible, as you consider the diversification of our national portfolio. The elevated occupancy led to exceptional pricing power with achieved rates to new customers in the quarter over 60% higher than 2020 levels. While this is inflated by an artificially low prior year comp, achieve rates were over 30% greater than 2019 levels and accelerated through the quarter. In addition to the benefit from new customer rates, we have continued to bring existing customers closer to current street rates as more of the state of emergency rate restrictions are lifted throughout the country. Other income is no longer a drag on revenue due to late fees improving year-over-year and actually contributed 20 basis points to revenue growth in the quarter. And finally, higher discounts, primarily due to higher rates were offset by lower bad debt. These drivers produced same-store revenue growth of 13.6%, a 900 basis point acceleration from Q1, and same-store NOI growth of 20.2%, an acceleration of over 1,300 basis points. In addition, our external growth initiatives produced steady returns outside of the same-store pool, resulting in FFO growth of 33.3%. Turning to external growth. The acquisition market continues to be, in our view, expensive. Given the pricing we are seeing in the market, we have listed an additional 17 stores for outright disposition, which we expect to close during the back half of 2021. We continue to be actively engaged in acquisitions, but we remain disciplined. Year-to-date, we have been able to close or put under contract acquisitions totaling $400 million of Extra Space investment. These are primarily lease-up properties and several of the properties came from our Bridge Loan Program. We have increased our 2021 acquisition guidance to $500 million in Extra Space investments. Looking forward, many of our acquisitions will be completed in joint ventures, and we have plenty of capital to invest if we find additional opportunities that create long-term value for our shareholders. We were active on the third-party management front, adding 39 stores in the quarter and a total of 100 stores through the first six months. Our growth was partially offset by dispositions where owners sold their properties. In the quarter, we purchased 11 of these stores in the REIT or in one of our joint ventures. Our first half outperformance coupled with steady external growth and the improved outlook for the second half of 2021 allowed us to increase our annual FFO guidance by $0.50 or 8.3% at the midpoint. While we still assume a seasonal occupancy moderation of approximately 300 basis points from this summer's peak to the winter trough, the moderation will begin from a higher starting point than we previously expected. As a result, we assume minimal impact on revenue growth from the negative occupancy delta in the back half of the year. Our guidance assumes moderating but still strong rate growth for the duration of 2021, which should result in another great year for Extra Space Storage. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe, and hello everyone. As Joe mentioned, we had an excellent quarter with accelerating same-store revenue growth driven by all-time high occupancy and strong rental rate growth to new and existing customers. Core FFO for the quarter was $1.64 per share, a year-over-year increase of 33.3%. Property performance was the primary driver of the beat with additional contribution coming from growth in tenant insurance income and management fees. Despite property tax increases of 6%, we delivered a reduction in same-store expenses in the quarter. These increases were offset primarily by 13% savings in payroll and 31% savings in marketing. Our guidance assumes payroll savings will continue throughout the year, however, at lower levels due to wage pressure across the U.S. Marketing spend will depend on our use of this lever to drive top line revenue, but it should also remain down for the year. In May, we completed our inaugural investment-grade public bond offering issuing $450 million in 10-year bonds at 2.55%. Access to the investment-grade bond market provides another deep capital source at low rates and will allow us to further extend our average maturities. Our year-to-date dispositions, equity issuances, and NOI have resulted in a reduction in our leverage. Our quarter-end net debt-to-EBITDA was 4.8x, giving us significant dry powder for investment opportunities since we generally target a range of 5.5x to 6x on this metric. Last night, we revised our 2021 guidance and annual assumptions. We raised our same-store revenue range to 10% to 11%. Same-store expense growth was reduced to 0% to 1%, resulting in same-store NOI growth of 13.5% to 15.5%, a 750-basis-point increase at the midpoint. These improvements in our same-store expectations are due to better-than-expected achieved rates, higher occupancy, and lower payroll and marketing expense. We raised our full-year core FFO range to be $6.45 to $6.60 per share, a $0.50 or 8.3% increase at the midpoint. Due to stronger lease-up performance, we dropped our anticipated dilution from value-add acquisitions and C of O stores from $0.14 to $0.12. We're excited by our strong performance year-to-date and the success of our customer acquisition, revenue management, operational and growth strategies across our highly diversified portfolio. With that, let's turn it over to Latif to start our Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Spector of Bank of America.
Jeffrey Spector: Congratulations on the quarter. Joe, my first question is on the point you discussed on seasonal occupancy and the moderation. You're still building into guidance of 300 basis points. Are there any signposts right now pointing to that or to be fair, would you say that there's still some conservatism here?
Joseph Margolis: Thanks, Jeff. Thanks for the question and for your kind words. So far, we don't see any signs of it, and we are actually over 97% occupied in July. So, we're still waiting for that moderation to begin, but we do believe that slowly over time, customer behavior will revert to normal.
Jeffrey Spector: Okay. I guess let's flip the question then on the other side in customer acquisition. I mean where are the surprises coming from because we've been talking about the moderation. And of course, this past year has been much stronger than expected. I guess let's talk about customer acquisitions. Is it particular regions? Where are they coming from? Any changes? What are the nice surprises you've seen just even in, let's say, the last quarter or last month?
Joseph Margolis: Yes. It's really on the vacate side, I would say. Our Q2 vacates were 10% below 2019 vacates, right? They used -- 2020 as a comp doesn't really help. So, we still see people staying in the units and gives us fewer units to rent up and more pricing power, and it's all good.
Operator: Our next question comes from Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital.
Juan Sanabria: Just hoping we could touch on rate growth. How are you guys thinking about that growth going forward? The year-over-year comps have been clearly impacted by COVID discounting, but your in-place rents are at record levels, near $18 a square foot. If we look back to 2015, 2016, you had kind of 2 years of rate growth of about 6.5%. Do you think we could see something similar in terms of the quantum and duration of the year-over-year growth in in-place rates?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Juan, I can maybe walk you through some of our assumptions, and I'm not sure I can tell you exactly what's going to happen. I think that's the big question here. We've seen very good rate growth. If you look at our rates year-over-year, we mentioned that we're 60% ahead of where we were last year. Last year was an odd comp. If you look at it compared to 2019, you're 30% ahead. So, we continue to push our street rates, and the expectation is that we will continue to push them through the year. We do come up against a more difficult comp at the end of this year as we started pushing rates at the end of last year. So, that is one thing that we're looking at as we move into the fall. A couple of other maybe data points, discounts are up slightly in the quarter, mainly due to rates being higher. Our discounting strategy hasn't changed significantly. We'll continue to use them as a tool, but we'll continue to monitor those also. Our existing customer rate increases are running above where they've historically been, and part of that is an odd comp again from last year where last year you had many state of emergencies where we paused rate increases. And so, from a year-over-year perspective, those existing customer rate increases are contributing more than they were last year.
Juan Sanabria: And if you guys just look at the net street rates for new customers, have you seen any sequential deceleration in the pace of that growth through July?
Scott Stubbs: No significant change in July from what we've seen in June.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Todd Thomas: In terms of the revised guidance, and Joe I appreciate the comments around revenue growth in the back half of the year, but I'm just curious and maybe Scott can chime in here, but what are you anticipating for same-store revenue and same-store NOI growth as you exit the year? If you can maybe provide some detail around the trajectory throughout the balance of the year based on what's implied by the revised guidance that would be helpful.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Without providing exact kind of monthly sequential here, I'll just give you a few data points. We are seeing rate contributing more in terms of the overall percentage as the occupancy delta wears off. By the end of the year, occupancy won't be benefiting us, and it's all coming from rate, but we do not expect it to accelerate significantly through the rest of the year, but we also contribute through the remainder of the year as we come up against these tougher comps.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And what's the spread right now between rates for customers moving out and the achieved rates on customers moving in?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, the disclosure we've given may be a little bit different than that. What we've typically disclosed is our in-place rents compared to our new move-ins, and that right now is high teens, which I would tell you right now is exceptional. And typically in the summer months, it's flat to slightly positive, meaning customers moving in pay slightly more than our in-place rents. And this year, it's high teens which is as good as we've seen.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And just last question for Joe. Your comments on investments. I think you mentioned -- you characterized the market as expensive and said that you would look to do more investments through joint ventures. And the joint venture platform used to be a bit bigger, and you've been acquiring assets from within the JV platform. With all the capital looking to invest in storage, would you look to do something of size and maybe generate premium returns and backfill the pipeline a bit at the same time?
Joseph Margolis: So, we are kind of governor of what we're willing to do, isn't how big or small it is. Its what we view the risk-adjusted returns to be. So we'll do as big a deal, and we have capital to do as big a deal as necessary or is available, provided the risk-adjusted returns are good or we'll buy one-off storage, and historically we've done both, and we're not focused on what's too big or what's too small, were just fully focused on what we believe the risk-adjusted returns to our shareholders are.
Todd Thomas: Okay. Should we expect investments going forward to be primarily weighted towards joint ventures versus on-balance sheet investments?
Joseph Margolis: I think that's a fair assumption given where pricing is today. We can significantly improve the price -- the returns to our shareholders by investing in the joint venture structure, which makes deals that we would look at as dilutive on a wholly-owned basis being accretive to us in a joint venture structure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Smedes Rose of Citi.
Smedes Rose: I was just wondering you mentioned existing customers are coming closer to kind of overall market levels, assuming so what sort of percent, I guess, of the portfolio maybe -- will still be subject to more rent increases, I guess, maybe as restrictions come off? Or is that pretty much behind you now?
Scott Stubbs: So we only have a few markets that have restrictions in place. So they're very limited to a few specific California markets that have restrictions that go back to buyers from several years ago. You have a few others across the U.S. that are between 10% and 20%. So the majority of the portfolio is open to rate increases. There are a few that still have some limit.
Smedes Rose: Okay. And then [indiscernible], could you talk just a little bit more about what you're seeing on the labor side? You mentioned some of the savings -- sort of updated what you're seeing there. But I mean are you having to pay people more? Are you having trouble staffing? Or how are you -- just a little more color around how that's working out.
Joseph Margolis: Yes, it's a significant issue that we're working with. We have fewer applicants for open spots. It takes longer to fill and it's more expensive. So we're working real hard to try to be appropriately staffed with quality people. We do see that as supplemental unemployment insurance burns off in certain states, the problem gets better. So -- I'm sorry, the problem ameliorates. So we're hoping that, that pattern continues, but we absolutely are aware that there's wage pressure, we're feeling it, and it's going to be an issue we're going to have to deal with.
Smedes Rose: Okay. Okay. And then just last question, I was just interested to see that you did not re-up your ATM in the second quarter, and you mentioned that you would do it in the third quarter. Was there a reason for not doing it during the second quarter?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, we were focused on getting our inaugural bond offering done. We then turned to recasting our credit facility. Both projects were done during the quarter. We feel like we had a great quarter of getting those done, and then we'll refile the ATM as we finish the quarter and file the Q.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Goldsmith of UBS.
Michael Goldsmith: How are you thinking about managing the interplay between occupancy and rate? I understand the goal is to maximize revenue. But like how are your models thinking about pushing rate maybe at the expense of occupancy in this environment?
Joseph Margolis: Yes. So it's a great question, and you're right to focus on the different levers that lead to maximizing revenue. But I would suggest there's many others. It's not just occupancy and rate, it's marketing spend, it's discounting, it's days you allow customers to reserve a unit. There's many other tools we can use to maximize revenue. And the data scientists and the algorithms take all of these factors into play in setting daily pricing and occupancy targets to try to maximize revenue.
Michael Goldsmith: That's helpful. And what are you seeing on the supply front. Given the strength of trends and they've remained strong, does supply pressure inevitably come back? And if so, how far away are we from that?
Joseph Margolis: Really good question. So based on what we see on the ground that affects our same-store pool, so not national statistics, things we care about. We continue to believe that there is going to be some moderation of deliveries in 2021 from 2020, just like there was from 2019 to 2020. But that being said, I think we're going to see more development in the future. Just this week, I talked to 2 developers who had projects that did not hit underwriting, they were making no money and they're selling them and they're getting bailed out by current pricing. And I asked both of them what they're going to do with the proceeds, and they said, we're going to go stick shovels in the ground. So between great fundamentals, low interest rates, lots of capital floating into the space, albeit I get that costs are higher. I think we're going to continue to see development, and it's going to be something we're going to have to deal with just like we've been dealing with for the past 4 or 5 years, no difference. And that being said, I'd point out that one of the advantages of having a broadly diversified portfolio like Extra Space is we have exposures to many, many different markets, some of which are heading into a development cycle, some of which are coming out of a development cycle, some of which have never been affected by development. And all those markets are in some different stage. And because of that diversification, our returns are smoothed out.
Michael Goldsmith: Very helpful. And just if I can squeeze one last in. On the acquisition front, has there been any change in market conditions from the first to the second quarter? And are you seeing any new bidders?
Joseph Margolis: I'm not sure there's new bidders from the first to the second quarter. I mean there's certainly a lot of new entrants in the market. It's hard for me on the top of my head to think about one that appeared in the second quarter. I don't see any material change. I think there's a lot of capital, interest rates are low, and self-storage has proven itself to be a great investment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Samir Khanal of Evercore.
Samir Khanal: I guess just sticking on supply, I mean, are there any -- just to elaborate a little bit more on maybe the markets that are a bit -- any indication or initial kind of concerns that you're seeing in any markets to call out?
Joseph Margolis: I think our list of markets is pretty similar to the list of markets we've had in the past. The boroughs of New York, we continue to be concerned about. And we continue because of that new development have results there that are below our portfolio average. Northern New Jersey, Atlanta, Vegas maybe a new market on the list we're starting to watch. Philadelphia also maybe a new market. Those are, I would say, the markets that where we have significant exposure that we're focused on right now.
Samir Khanal: And I guess my second question is really around -- on the disposition side. I mean could you see yourself bring more assets to market considering how strong pricing has been here?
Joseph Margolis: So we closed the disposition of 16 assets into a joint venture. And we expect to close the second half of that transaction shortly to reduce our interest in the venture further. We have another 17 assets on the market now for outright sale. We have a couple ordinance that we're working on to get in a position to sell, but nothing major. And we're constantly looking at the portfolio and trying to decide what moves would be optimal to rebalance to have the right amount of exposure in different markets. So we'll always consider it, but that's what we have on the plate now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows of Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows: Maybe just a question on the Bridge Loan Program. The guidance now assumes that you retain $100 million of Bridge loans this year, but it seems like you're running below that pace considering what you've closed and sold so far this year. So wondering if you can go through the outlook there and what visibility you have to activity in the second half?
Joseph Margolis: Yes. That's a great question. So yes, we are behind initial projections in terms of timing. We are confident we're going to achieve our guidance. It is going to be more back-end loaded. We currently have $200 million worth of loans with signed term sheets and deposits to close in the back half of this year and the beginning of next year. So nothing is guaranteed, but I'm pretty comfortable we will get to our guidance.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Okay. And then just in terms of the customers, I know you mentioned that you're finding that there's lower vacates than you've had in the past. But just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the new interest that you're seeing for space that's helping that occupancy too. Do you have any insight into what's driving customer storage needs this year and how that compares to the past?
Joseph Margolis: So this is more of a longer-term answer, not just this year. But we saw during the pandemic the reasons people gave us for storage. Traditionally, the #1 reason has been they're somewhere in the moving process. And then that declined and what increased during the pandemic was lack of space, and that became the #1 reason for a while. Those lines have since crossed again. But we interpret lack of space as I'm at home and I need a bedroom to -- for in-home school or in-home office or a workout room or I'm going to find a cleaner garage or whatever. And those customers tend to stay longer than customers who give the reason of staying is moving. So I would point to that as why we're seeing currently declining vacates. And I don't think all of those customers eventually take their stuff out of storage and convert the home office back to a bedroom or whatever. I think some of -- not all of them, but I think some portion of them will be longer-term customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Spenser Allaway of Green Street.
Spenser Allaway: Just going back to the transaction market once more. Have you guys observed any shift in pricing spreads just in terms of quality or any notable outliers in terms of geography?
Joseph Margolis: So we're not very, very active in tertiary markets. So it's hard for me to comment about that. I would tell you that for good stores in primary and secondary markets, there's very, very little spread in pricing.
Spenser Allaway: Okay. And then just in terms of your inaugural public bond offering, what role should we anticipate the unsecured market playing for you guys in terms of its source of funds moving forward?
Scott Stubbs: So I think that you'll see us be a repeat issuer going forward. There's 2 or 3 things driving that. I mean, obviously, you're always looking at the rate, and you're trying to get the lowest rate possible. I think that we're looking to extend the tenure of our debt. And then we want to have as many capital sources as possible. So we are going to access the capital source that we feel like is the most advantageous to us at this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mueller of JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller: You talked about buying lease-up assets. So I was curious for the $500 million that's baked into acquisition guidance. Can you give us a sense as to what an average going-in cap rate or average occupancy would be?
Joseph Margolis: So I'll talk about our recent deals because I think to talk about deals that we signed up last year that closed this year is probably not indicative of current pricing. So our -- for the wholly owned lease-up deals, we have recently approved, our first year yield is 3.1%, low 3s with an average 17 months to stabilization at an average stabilized cap of 6%. So we're happy to accept or willing to accept that initial dilution because we have confidence in our ability to underwrite lease-up and get to those accretive returns. For the deals we've done in ventures, the first year yield to Extra Space, not at the deal level, is 7.2%, 13 months average to stabilization and a stabilized yield of almost 11%. So you can see how the venture structure significantly helps our returns.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Got it. And is that -- what's the typical occupancy on the wholly owned where you're getting that 3% initial versus the 7% for the JV? Is it comparable -- it's not a comparable -- going-in occupancy, would it be?
Joseph Margolis: So the occupancies were higher than you would imagine. A lot of them were in the 60s or 80s. But that's physical occupancy, and we look at stabilization when you get to both physical occupancy and rate stabilization, right? We have one that's -- or a couple there in the 90s physical occupancies, but have significant rate growth before they get to economic stabilization. Does that make sense, did I explain that correctly?
Michael Mueller: I think so, I think so.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ronald Kamdem of Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: Just going back to the ECRI questions that was asked earlier. Maybe thinking about the entire portfolio, number one, just what percentage does still have some sort of restrictions on it? Is it sort of 5%? Is it 10%? And the second question is, are you able to sort of charge even higher ECRI than you have historically given the rate environment?
Scott Stubbs: I don't have the exact percent in front of me, but it's a small percent, a very low percent. So even in California, it's not a majority.
Ronald Kamdem: Got it. And then on the ability to push the rate increases, are you seeing sort of an ability to do it at a higher and faster level than historical, given sort of the record rate environment?
Scott Stubbs: That is what we are currently doing. We're pushing things more towards street rate today, and part of that has to do with the fact that sometimes you've had rate caps in place or state of emergencies that have been in place that have hindered our ability to raise rates for the past 12 to 18 months depending on the location. And so we have brought them up more significantly as well as the fact that many of these customers moved in very steep discounts that were unprecedented also.
Ronald Kamdem: Got it. Makes sense. And then my last question was just on the preferred investments. Is there anything that changed? Or is there any call risk with sort of the pricing environment that you're seeing today on those preferreds? Or are they sort of [indiscernible] maturity?
Joseph Margolis: So one of the things we've changed in our guidance this year is there is a $100 million piece of the preferred to JCAP that opens in the end of October, I believe. And our initial guidance had assumed that was outstanding for the entire year. And given how well the properties are doing, the company is doing, we have changed our assumption that, that gets paid off prior to year-end, reducing our dividend income from that. So I think it's a safe assumption that, that company will want to retire 12% money as soon as it can.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We have a follow-up question from Smedes Rose of Citi.
Smedes Rose: Just two more quick ones. The first one, I wanted to ask you, it looked like the third-party managed platform, the number of assets under management declined sequentially on a net basis. And I was just wondering, is that just -- you just see that as a normal ebb and flow of business? Or is there anything in particular that went on during the quarter? And then the second question was, could you just talk about length of stay? I think last -- on your last call, you mentioned that length of stay had shortened a little bit. And I was just wondering, is it returning back to maybe what you've seen historically?
Joseph Margolis: So Smedes, I think you're right to observe that we have a lot of churn in our management platform. A lot of people are taking advantage of pricing in the market and selling. But even given that churn, we continue to grow that platform. We ended the year at 724 properties. We ended the first quarter at 763. We ended the second quarter at 768. And that includes 19 properties that left the platform that we bought. So we continue to grow that. We have a very, very healthy pipeline. We project to add net 100 to 130 properties this year. It's not guaranteed. We don't know what else is going to sell. But we continue to grow that quarter after quarter and expect to continue to do that.
Scott Stubbs: Smedes, I think that also might be a little confusing when you look at the buckets. We're moving sometimes between buckets. And so when you take the total of JV and third party, it actually did move slightly as we had some JV partners sell some of the assets in the quarter. But the third-party management business, just the third-party management actually saw a net increase. And then the second question, Smedes, on the length of stay. Our length of stay is now back up. We saw a tick down slightly and then it's back up today.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital.
Juan Sanabria: Just a follow-up on the balance sheet, which you noted is in a very strong position, 4.8x at the end of June. How should we expect that to trend? And where do you see capital going? And as a kind of a side question, how much in proceeds should we expect from the 17 assets that are now being marketed for disposition?
Scott Stubbs: So the 17 assets that are being marketed for disposition are over $200 million. In terms of where we expect to spend our next dollar or where we expect to borrow, I think it will depend on the opportunities to invest. I think that we'll look at the cheapest cost of capital, whether that's debt. I think that we typically want to operate in that 5.5 to 6x. Today, we're sub-5. So we do have a lot of capacity there. And I think depending on the size of the deal, you would also consider equity at times. But right now, we do have a leverage capacity.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. But the focus for incremental spend sounds like it's on acquisitions via the joint ventures, there's not necessarily new investments that could be used as you think about kind of taking the balance sheet to where you want to from a target leverage perspective?
Joseph Margolis: So with the exception of the second half of the joint venture sale, that recapitalization, if you will, that I mentioned earlier, we believe future joint venture acquisitions will not be out of our portfolio, they'll be from the market. So it won't produce additional investable dollars for us. We'll invest a portion of the acquisition price.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Stein of Stifel.
Kevin Stein: I was just wondering on the expense side. I know marketing and payroll expenses were down. I was just wondering if you could give us some color on what's driving that and how sustainable that is going forward?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. On the expense side, we mentioned we had an increase of property taxes. Our property taxes are running about 6% year-over-year. On the payroll side, we have seen a decrease. That's driven by a couple of things. One is a year-over-year comparable that is quite easy from last year. Last year, first half of the year, you were essentially fully staffed, and we were providing some -- we were generous in the COVID benefits, making sure that our employees were taken care of. In terms of going forward and the -- how sustainable that decline in payroll is, I think it's to be seen. We expect some benefit, but not necessarily to the degree we saw in the first and second quarter as we are expecting some wage pressure, and we have more difficult comps in the back half of the year. In terms of the marketing, we are expecting a benefit. But again, if that's always the wildcard to some degree in that -- if we do see an opportunity to spend on marketing, we will use that if we feel like we can get higher rate and higher occupancy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows of Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows: I had a follow-up question again on the acquisitions. You guys gave some detail earlier about how in the, I think, wholly owned properties you were looking at the initial yield was 3.1%, stabilized was 6%, and then in the JV properties, it was 7.2% initial and stabilized almost 11%. I was just wondering if there was any real detail you could give us into what's driving that difference? Is it just fees that you earn in the joint venture or something else?
Joseph Margolis: So the primary driver is we collect the management fee from the joint venture, and we retain 100% of that tenant insurance income. So we're retaining all of that income against a much smaller capital investment versus 100% capital investment. In some of our ventures, we do get acquisition fees or other fees. We also have the opportunity to earn promotes, and in some of our older ventures, we are earning promoted -- cash flow promotes, but that's not assumed in any of these numbers.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Okay. And then just maybe obvious, but in raising the acquisition guidance to the $500 million, then that just means that this year volume of transaction will be that much higher, just your portion is going to be $500 million. Is that it?
Joseph Margolis: Correct. That's correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Todd Thomas: Two quick follow-ups here. First, I think the comments from earlier were that rate growth does not accelerate in the second half of the year, but the revenue growth for guidance for the second half of the year implies an increase versus the first half. And you talked about the contribution from occupancy gains diminishing as we move further into the back half of the year. So it would seem that rate growth is expected to accelerate. Can you just clarify those comments, or perhaps I misheard?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So I think really what you're -- what I'm saying is Q3 is better than Q1. So Q1 is dragging it down, Q3 will bring it up. Q4 will also be better than Q1. But I'm saying they're not accelerating from where they are today in June and into July.
Todd Thomas: Okay. Okay. And then seasonally, what's typically the beginning of the off-peak season for you where move-outs are higher than move-ins? And are you expecting anything different from a seasonality standpoint this year with schools and return to schools relative to last year?
Scott Stubbs: Peak occupancy from a month-end perspective is July. From an actual -- when it peaks, it's mid-August, but then you do see some decline as students move out, and we are expecting some of those students to move out and typical student volatility.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And that begins -- that coincides with that mid-August timing?
Scott Stubbs: Correct.
Operator: At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to CEO, Joe Margolis for closing remarks. Sir?
Joseph Margolis: Thank you. Thanks, everyone, for participating in the call and your interest and support of Extra Space. I mean, obviously, we're having a fantastic year. We have all-time high occupancy, exceptional new customer rate growth. We're continuing our innovative external growth strategies as well as innovating at the store level, and we expect to have a very strong same-store and core FFO growth this year. Thank you again, and have a good day.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to Extra Space Storage's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your host, Vice President, Capital Markets, Jeff Norman. Please go ahead.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Latif. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's first quarter 2021 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the Company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the Company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, April 29, 2021. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Jeff, and thank you everyone for joining todays call. We are off to a great start in 2021. The strong fundamentals we discussed on our fourth quarter call not only continued, but actually accelerated as we move through the first 3 months of the year. Same-store occupancy remained at all time highs for Extra Space with sequential growth in January and February at a time of the year when occupancy normally declines. Occupancy increased further in March, ending the quarter with a year-over-year positive delta of 480 basis points. Our elevated occupancy has given us significant pricing power, which has also accelerated during the quarter with achieved rates increasing from 10% in January to well into the teens by the end of March. These trends fueled same-store revenue growth of 4.6% despite 110 basis point drag on revenue growth from lower year-over-year late fees. We had excellent expense control with a 0.2% decrease in same-store expenses. The result was same-store NOI growth of 6.5%, a sequential acceleration of 310 basis points from Q4 and year-over-year core FFO growth of 21%. With fundamentals holding and performance comps becoming much easier in the upcoming months, we expect continued acceleration in revenue growth through the second quarter. Our concern of a dramatic increase in vacates have not materialized and now we are into our busy leasing season when demand is typically strongest. We believe that vacate risk to our elevated occupancy has likely been postponed until the end of the summer, or even into the fall. Turning to external growth. The acquisition market continues to be expensive, and we remain disciplined, but opportunistic. Year-to-date, we've been able to close or put under contract a little over $300 million in acquisitions. These are primarily lease up properties, and several of the properties came from our bridge lending program. Looking forward, we anticipate the majority of additional acquisitions to be completed in joint ventures. And we have plenty of capital to invest if we find additional opportunities that create long-term value for our shareholders. We were very active in Q1 on the third-party management front adding 61 stores in the quarter, which include the previously announced JCAP stores. Our growth was partially offset by dispositions were only sold to other operators at prices we viewed as unattractive to the REIT. While this trend presents a headwind, we still expect solid growth in our third-party management platform for the year. As I said on our last call, we are mindful of the risks we face. These include difficult fourth quarter operational comps, a tight labor market and new supply and state of emergency orders in certain markets. That said, current fundamentals are the strongest we have seen in some time, and our team is prepared to use all our available tools to optimize performance. Our first quarter outperformance coupled with steady external growth, the improving 2021 outlook allow us to increase our industry leading annual guidance $0.075 at the midpoint. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe, and hello, everyone. As Joe mentioned, we had a good first quarter with accelerating same-store revenue growth driven by all-time high occupancy and strong rental rate growth to new customers. Late fees and other income continue to be down and partially offset rental income. But we will lap this comp in the second quarter, which one has same-store revenue growth. Existing customer rent increases will also provide a tailwind in the second quarter since they were paused during much of Q2 2020. We delivered a reduction in same-store expenses despite property tax increases of 6.9% and repairs and maintenance increases of 20% due to higher year-over-year snow removal costs. These increases were offset primarily by savings in payroll and marketing. We believe payroll savings will continue throughout the year, albeit perhaps at lower levels due to wage pressure in certain markets. Marketing spend will depend on our use of this lever to drive top line revenue growth, but it should also remain down for the year. Core FFO for the quarter was $1.50 per share, a year-over-year increase of 21%. Same-store property performance was the primary driver of the outperformance with additional contribution from growth and tenant insurance income and management fees. As we announced during the quarter, Moody's issued Extra Space a Baa2 credit rating, our second investment grade credit rating, now providing us access to the public bond market. We continued to strengthen our balance sheet during the quarter through ATM activity and an overnight offering which combined for net proceeds of $274 million. We sold 16 stores into a joint venture and obtained debt for that venture resulting in cash proceeds to Extra Space of $132 million and an ownership interest of 55%. We plan to add a third partner to this venture in the second quarter, which will reduce our ownership interest to 16%. Our equity and disposition proceeds reduced revolving balances, and we ended the quarter with net debt to EBITDA of 5.1x lower than our long-term debt target of 5.5x to 6x. Last night, we revised our 2021 guidance and annual assumptions. We raised our same-store revenue range to 5% to 6%. Same-store expense growth was reduced to 2% to 3%, resulting in same-store NOI growth range of 6% to 8%, a 175 basis point increase at the midpoint. These improvements in our same-store expectations are due to better-than-expected first quarter performance, relaxed legislative restrictions in certain markets, and better-than-expected resilience and storage fundamentals as the vaccine rolls out. We raised our full year core FFO range to be $5.95 to $6.10 per share, a $0.075 increase at the midpoint. We anticipate $0.14 of dilution from value add acquisitions and C of O stores, $0.02 less than previously reported due to improved property performance. We are excited by the strong performance year-to-date as well as the acceleration we see heading into the second quarter. With that, let's turn it over to Latif to start our Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from the line of Jeff Spector of Bank of America. Your question please.
Jeff Spector: Great, thank you. Good afternoon. My first question was just a follow-up on Joe's initial comments on accelerating trends that succeeded I think everyone's expectations. Can you comment a little bit more, Joe, on that, like what are you seeing into the quarter? And is this something we should expect going forward?
Joe Margolis: So, I think the most exciting, accelerating trend we see is in rental rate growth, which has increased every month this year. Certainly, in the second quarter, we're going to have very easy comps and we're going to see some numbers that are eye popping. But with very high occupancy, muted vacates, we've been a lot -- we're allowed to -- we've been allowed to be aggressive on rate.
Jeff Spector: Thank you. And then can you comment a little bit more on the third-party management business and the opportunities that you're seeing?
Joe Margolis: Sure. We have a very full pipeline in that area of our business and we're onboarding an awful lot of stores. We are very confident that it will achieve our original projections for growth in that business. What we're seeing that challenges where pricing is in the market, a certain number of our owners want to start -- want to take advantage of where pricing is. And we can't always -- as we look at the pricing, it's achieved, we choose not to match it and not to acquire the store. We always get that opportunity. But at some pricing levels, we just don't feel it's appropriate for the REIT to buy those stores. So I think you're going to see in 2021 a lot more on boards, also a lot more dispositions, but a very positive net increase in stores in our management platform.
Jeff Spector: Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Just hoping you could help us get a sense of what it means to be able to turn on the ECRI lever here in '21 relative to the easy comp you mentioned in '20, like any contextualization for what that could mean to same-store revenue having that back on versus not last year?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, so well one last year we paused the existing customer rate increases for the months of April. Part of March, April, May we turn some of them back on in May, which meant the rent increase became effective in June and most of them were on by September. So between June and September, we basically started our existing customer rate increases. So easy comp for the months of April, May, June gets a little harder. And by the time you get to August, it becomes much more difficult in terms of a comp because you -- some of those were catching up for multiple months. So you had multiple waves of rate -- existing customer rate increases happening in August.
Joe Margolis: I would add one is our guidance anticipates that the restrictions that are in place currently remain in place for the remainder of the year. So to the extent any of those are lifted earlier, that could provide some uplift to us.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. And just maybe a bit of an unusual question, but just with the tenant reinsurance business, we've had a lot of REITs comments about insurance premiums going up pretty dramatically given higher casualty events and other issues. Is the profitability at all changing for that business, given weather events seem to becoming more common to some extent, or how are you guys thinking about that that risk in underwriting?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, so we've not seen significant increases in claims. Now that's partly due to how we've handled certain things. Obviously, you can't control the weather, but some of our claims come from things like broken pipes, that various things in tenant reinsurance. So we have tried to be proactive in terms of more video monitoring at our stores, more proactive in terms of pest control, more proactive in terms of doing things so that our pipes don't freeze. So while claims may be higher due to natural disasters, we're able to offset some of that by being proactive on managing our claims.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Juan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Todd Thomas of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Todd Thomas: Hi. Thank you. First question in terms of the updated guidance, Joe, Scott, you both commented that the quarter outperformed relative to expectations. Does the revised guidance include any changes to the outlook and your assumptions for the balance of the year? Was it predominantly related to the first quarter outperformance? Any color there would be appreciated.
Joe Margolis: So it's a little bit of both. So occupancy was better in the first quarter, rate played out similar to what we expected. And then moving forward, we're assuming some of that occupancy benefit moves forward. And then that we have a little bit more rate power. So it's a little bit of both.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And what are you anticipating in terms of occupancy in the back half of the year? Can you share sort of your forecast for sort of third quarter, fourth quarter, year-over-year comps? What's embedded in the guidance?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, so we're assuming that occupancy peaks in the summer at levels higher than they've been in the past, higher than historical norms. And then we're assuming that occupancy starts to move down in a more seasonal way in September, so you peak higher and then you end higher than a normal historical year.
Todd Thomas: Okay. So your year-over-year occupancy spread would still be higher, it still be positive towards the end of the year. Is that the right way to [multiple speakers] that?
Scott Stubbs: Higher than -- yes, higher than a normal year, but lower than last year. So last year was exceptionally high.
Todd Thomas: Okay, got it. And then I just had a question with regards to the new joint venture that you formed with the asset sales this quarter. Is there a growth mandate at all for that venture? Or will this be it?
Joe Margolis: So there's not a growth mandate for that venture. These are partners that we've formed previous ventures for, they have a growth mandate. So to the extent there's another portfolio, we would form a third venture with these partners and grow that way. We don't grow, we typically do it that way with the number of our partners, because we want to segregate the promotes and the performance of the stores and where you add additional stores to a venture, I guess you could account for them separately, but it's [technical difficulty] separate ventures.
Todd Thomas: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Does that answer the question? Okay, great. Thank you.
Todd Thomas: Yes.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Todd.
Todd Thomas: Yes, it did. All right. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Smedes Rose of Citi. Your line is open.
Smedes Rose: [Technical difficulty] if you could just maybe give some updated commentary around what you're seeing on the supply front. It seems, I mean, obviously, just operating metrics are really strong. But then we keep hearing that construction costs are going up and not sure what you're seeing on the bank lending side. So just kind of any sort of thoughts you have there would be of interest?
Joe Margolis: Sure, Smedes. So, this supply environment doesn't change that much quarter-to-quarter. So we can give you some observations, but I caution that was just one quarter. I do see some indications of increased supply. So last quarter on the call, I related that in our management plus pipeline, we had switched to a majority existing stores and a minority of the pipeline was developing, which has been -- that has been the first time in a long time. Well, we've now switched back this quarter. So more development. It's one quarter, but it is a data point. Also, as we update stores that new developments that compete with our stores, we saw a slight tick up of a couple of percentage points this quarter. Now it may be that stuff that was delayed or postponed from last year because there was a bunch of that now being into the pipeline. But overall, I think we're going to see continued development, right? Self-storage is performing very well. If you're a developer and you're trying to calculate your development yield, you can probably use a 3.6 exit cap and see if someone's going to accept that. So there's a lot of reasons people would want to get into this business. As you point out costs are going up, lending is still challenging, but I think we're going to see development. I don't think the process [ph] is going to get shut off all the way.
Smedes Rose: Okay, thank you. And I just wanted to ask you with your -- as you form these joint ventures and you mentioned probably doing more going forward, are you changing the structure of them at all in terms of your ability to exit or to buy off? Or is that kind of the same terms that you typically had in the past?
Joe Margolis: No, I think we've had very sophisticated terms in the past in terms of our ability to exit, our ability to crystallize promote periodically on these ventures that are forever, which is very important. I think we had really state-of-the-art terms. So we don't need a lot of improvement. To the extent the market changes and the level of fees you can get differs or other things will certainly be at the front end of the market, but there's no significant change in terms of our ventures.
Smedes Rose: Okay, thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Smedes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of Truist. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Good morning out there. So when you look at your move-in activity and move-out activity, I mean, the move-outs are down 10%, but there's still a decent level of move-out. Is there any discernible trends and types of customers using self-storage or types of customers designed to move-out, albeit at a lower rate?
Joe Margolis: I don't think there's any very meaningful trends in that area. We really -- we don't see a lot of differences in move-outs in customers in different markets, which might be an indication to us, open versus closed markets. So we really don't see significant changes in that regard.
Ki Bin Kim: Got it. And in terms of your new joint venture, I'm curious what's the higher level thought process there because EXR [ph] joint ventures 10 years ago had a smaller company base and trying to optimize return on equity, like I get that math EXR today and much bigger cost of debt, cost of equity is all there for you [indiscernible], it just feels like maybe there's something more thinking behind it, or more rationale behind it?
Joe Margolis: So our use of joint ventures serves a number of purposes. A primary one is it enhances our returns. So in an environment where we think our view is if the market is expensive, it allows us to continue to grow and make good returns to our investors. So let me give you an example. We've approved so far this year 12 wholly-owned acquisitions, and they are all lease up stores. The first year yield is in the mid 3s and the stabilized yield is about 6, 16-month average stabilization. We've also approved 5 joint venture deals also lease up 12 months to stabilization, but the first year yield is 6.9 and stabilized yield is 9.9. So there's a meaningful difference to our returns when you transact in a joint venture. Now you get less money out the door, so there's constantly the discussion about do we invest more money at a lower return or less money at a higher return, but the impact to the returns to our investors is meaningful. We also on top of that get the opportunity [indiscernible] promote. None of those numbers include the promote and right now we're in the cash flow promote on a number of our ventures. And we've also realized back end promotes a number of times. The other thing it helps us do is derisk transactions, right? These debt that we invest less money in a transaction, we are balancing our portfolio in an interesting way. And then lastly, I'll say we have really good smart partners and they -- having another set of eyes on a deal or a market or an opportunity is never a bad thing.
Ki Bin Kim: Got it. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Ki Bin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Mueller of JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Mike Mueller: Yes, hi. I guess when you're thinking about rate increases that you see heading out to customers over the next couple of quarters, how do you think those increases will compare prior to pre-pandemic increases?
Joe Margolis: So we're going to have a period of time where we have customers who came in during kind of the height of the pandemic at very, very discounted rates. And I would expect to see their rate increases be substantially higher than kind of our normal pre-pandemic rates. Once you get to a more normalized operating environment, we're going to do what we always do, which is we're going to optimize revenue by giving different customers different rate increases, depending on where they compare to market rate, or how the property is performing, various other factors. So I don't think we're going to change our approach in all in trying to balance not raising them so high that you pushing customers out the door, but also optimizing revenue.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay. And in terms of thinking about customer length this day, I know it's only been a year or so ago, but how has the average length of stay changed even in that short period of time?
Scott Stubbs: So early on we actually saw decreased length of stay, and throughout the pandemic it continued to increase. And it is still slightly below our historical average of where it was, call it a year-ago, but it is continuing to increase.
Mike Mueller: Okay. That was it. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Todd Stender of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Todd Stender: Thanks. Just on the bridge loan looks like you sold some or one. We don't usually see that it's usually the borrower refi that of it at a lower rate, but maybe just some context around the sale.
Joe Margolis: So when we started the bridge loan program, we would simultaneously close the loans in where we would keep the mezz position and the first mortgage would add closing go to a debt partner. We found that a better execution was for us to close the loan, close both pieces of the loans on our balance sheet, package up a bunch of the firsts and then sell them to one of our debt partners. We now have two debt partners who buy firsts from us. So in the first quarter, we sold $82 million of first loans that we had previously closed and kept the mezz position.
Todd Stender: Okay, got it. Thank you, Joe.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Todd Stender: Just switching gears, maybe could we hear some comments on the state as a third-party management platform. Certainly developers and new owners would need you guys on the front end to lease the properties. Should we expect that pace to slow at all as new supply maybe comes in a little bit, maybe just kind of comment on the competitive environment.
Joe Margolis: I think this is a business that has a lot of runway to grow through all market environments, through periods where things are going very well when periods are going down, development cycles. I think that the advantage professional management brings to the store is so compelling that there will be continued consolidation and we should continue to grow this business year-after-year.
Todd Stender: Great, thank you.
Joe Margolis: Youre welcome.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ronald Kamdem: [Technical difficulty] to the joint, the JV, the 16 assets any color on where those assets are located? Did they come to you? How'd you select the assets that were picked and any cap rate color would also be helpful.
Joe Margolis: Sure. So we are constantly looking at our portfolio and trying to optimize it. And that would include outright sales of assets that we feel will not contribute to the portfolio one term and where we can reinvest the money in better performing assets, and then also reducing our exposure to certain assets or markets by selling to a JV. So these were assets that we selected where we wanted to reduce our exposure, and we felt we could reinvest the money and produce a better overall portfolio. I can't really -- given our agreements with our partners, I can't give you specifics on cap rate, [indiscernible] to say, no, it's a market deal.
Ronald Kamdem: Got it. Just switching gears, just on the expenses really nice controls this quarter. Just trying to get a sense of how much of the expense savings are a function of just the COVID, the post-COVID operating environment and opportunity to save, and how much of the cost savings are sort of things that would have happened anyway. I don't know if that makes sense, but asked another way, and when you're thinking about sort of this post-COVID operating environment, how much more sort of expense saving opportunities are there, above and beyond just what normally you would have done.
Scott Stubbs: So if you look at our COVID savings, I would tell you, it's more G&A related. So for instance, travels way down, you do have some benefit in the store. If you look at our savings at the property, we did have an easier comp in the first quarter of last year when payroll would maybe a little higher as we started going into the COVID lockdown. Second quarter, same thing, it'll be an easier comp, but we're also being proactive on ours. And so we are looking to make sure that we have the right number of hours at our stores where our store managers are one of our biggest assets. And so we want to make sure we maximize their time in front of the customers. But with that easy comp, we're expecting it to be a savings. And then we're also adjusting up slightly for the fact that we are having a bit of a -- it's a tough -- it's a tight labor market right now. So we want to make sure that we recognize the fact that it might cost us a little more for new people coming in the door, or we may have to be more -- a little more competitive on our labor there. The third area is really marketing. And marketing we view as one of the levers we use as we have opportunities to use it to maximize rate. We will spend marketing dollars, we have had an opportunity so far this year to spend that -- we've actually decreased our marketing spend year-over-year. And we hope that trend continues, but it's something that we'll look at on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Ronald Kamdem: Helpful color. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Ronald.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to CEO, Joe Margolis for close -- closing remarks. Sir?
Joe Margolis: Great. Thanks everyone for spending your time and your interest in Extra Space. We're obviously off to a great start this year. Occupancy is at an all-time high. We have exceptional new customer rate growth. We continue smart, careful external growth. And all of this leads to exceptional both same-store and double-digit core FFO growth. And all of this is due to the extraordinarily hard work, dedication and focus of over 4,000 employees at Extra Space. And I want to acknowledge their work and thank them for what they've produced for our shareholders. I hope everyone has a great day. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Extra Space Storage Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jeff Norman, Vice President of Capital Markets. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Norman: Thank you Cindy. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's fourth quarter 2020 Earnings Call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the Company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the Company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, February 23rd, 2021. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer. And Joe, you may be on mute. Operator, do we have Joe's line connected.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Jeff. Can you hear me now?
Jeff Norman: Yes, we hear you now. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Sorry everyone. Thanks Jeff, and thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. I hope everyone and their families remain healthy and that your 2021 is off to a good start. In my 35 years in real estate, I can't remember another year with as many positive and negative twist and turns in such a short period of time as we saw in 2020. The range of emotions I felt from March, when I was worried about the daily safety of our employees and customers; to April, when I wondered when rental demand in our sector would return; to September, when we saw some of the strongest occupancy and rental rate fundamentals in our Company's history are hard to describe. I am proud of our team's resilience in how well they responded to 2020's unprecedented challenges. Our team's efforts together with our balanced portfolio, sophisticated platform and innovative external growth efforts yielded a great result in the fourth quarter. We ended the year with same-store occupancy of 94.8%, an all-time year-end high for Extra Space. Our elevated occupancy has given us significant pricing power, which we have experienced since August and a return to positive same-store revenue growth in the fourth quarter of 2.3%, a 380 basis point acceleration from the third quarter. We also had excellent expense control with a 0.6% decrease in same-store expenses, resulting in 3.4% NOI growth in the quarter. Our return to positive NOI gains coupled with strong external investment activity yielded core FFO growth of 16.5% in the quarter. Despite the challenges of the year, the fourth quarter was full of accomplishments, including completion of two preferred equity investments totaling $350 million, $147 million in acquisitions, $168 million in bridge loan closings, the addition of 44 stores to our management platform, and receipt of NAREIT's Leader in the Light award, recognizing Extra Space for its sustainability efforts. This is the first time a storage company has received this award. While we are excited about the accomplishments of 2020, we are even more optimistic about how our efforts have positioned us for 2021. Rentals continue to be steady and vacates continue to be muted. We are heading into 2021 with the highest occupancy we have ever experienced at this time of year and expect rental rates to remain strong. We have already added 51 third-party management stores in 2021 and our acquisition, management and bridge loan pipelines are robust. But we are also mindful of the risks we face. We recognize that current or potential government regulations could impede same-store revenue and expense performance. We believe that vacates may eventually return to more normal levels and we recognize that the challenges related to new supply have not subsided completely and will continue to suppress rate growth in many markets. As in the past, our team is prepared to use all our available tools to optimize performance in the face of any risks which materialize. In short, despite significant turbulence, we had a very successful 2020 and look forward to an even better 2021. We continue to execute on our strategy to maximize shareholders' long-term value and to deliver the results our shareholders have come to expect from Extra Space Storage. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Joe, and hello, everyone. As Joe mentioned, we had a great fourth quarter with reaccelerating same-store revenue growth driven by all-time high occupancy and strong rental rate growth to new customers. Late fees and other income continue to be lower year-over-year and partially offset rental income, but we saw improvement in both line items from levels experienced in the third quarter. We lowered expenses in all controllable expense categories in the quarter and despite property tax increases of 6.4%, we still delivered a reduction in same-store expenses overall. This resulted in same-store NOI growth of 3.4%. Core FFO for the quarter was $1.48, a year-over-year increase of 16.5% and well above consensus estimates. Our same-store performance was the primary driver of the outperformance with additional contribution from growth in tenant reinsurance income, management fees, and interest and investment income. We continue to evolve our balance sheet to reduce secured debt and increase the size of our unencumbered pool. Our efforts resulted in Moody's issuing Extra Space a BAA2 credit rating on January 28th, our second investment grade credit rating now providing us access to the public bond market. We are excited to add another capital option to finance future growth, reduced total cost of debt, and further ladder our maturities. At year-end, we had higher than normal revolver balances and variable rate debt due to the elevated capital activity that took place in the fourth quarter, including settling our convertible notes, completing preferred equity investments, and closing substantial bridge loan and acquisition volume. A significant portion of these transactions were temporarily funded by draws on our revolving lines. We are comfortable doing so -- we were comfortable doing so knowing we were actively issuing on our ATM, had pending bridge loan sales and are recapitalizing stores into a JV, which bring our revolver balances down to historical levels. Last night, we provided guidance and annual assumptions for 2021 with ranges that are wider than previous -- than in previous years to address some of the uncertainty related to COVID-19 and its impact on customer behavior and government regulation. Our new same-store pool includes a total of 860 stores, which is essentially flat with last year. The number of new stores added to the pool was generally offset by sites removed due to disposition or redevelopment. We anticipate the changes in the same-store pool will benefit our 2021 same-store revenue growth by approximately 20 basis points. Same-store revenue is expected to increase 4.25% to 5.5%, driven by higher occupancy in the first half of the year and elevated rates in new and existing -- to new and existing customers. Same-store expense growth is expected to be 3.5% to 4.5%, primarily driven by higher property tax expense. Our revenue and expense guidance results in same-store NOI growth range of 4.25% to 6.25%. The acquisition market continues to be expensive and we will remain disciplined but opportunistic. We expect to do significant acquisition volume and plan to close a number of transactions with joint venture partners. Our guidance assumes $350 million in Extra Space investment, approximately $180 million of which is closed or under contract. We also expect to close approximately $400 million of bridge loans and plan to retain 20% to 25% of those balances or approximately $100 million in 2021. We have plenty of capital to invest if we find additional opportunities that create long-term value for shareholders and we will be creative as we deploy capital in the sector. Our full year core FFO is estimated to be between $5.85 and $6.05 per share. We anticipate $0.16 of dilution from value-add acquisitions or C of O stores, down $0.04 from 2020. We also added additional guidance related to our expected interest income for 2021 as well as notes clarifying the recognition of our preferred investments in SmartStop and NexPoint, which can be found in the outlook tables of our earnings release. As Joe mentioned, 2020 has been a memorable year for Extra Space. We are excited to turn the page and are already on our way to a very strong 2021. And with that, let's turn it over to Cindy to start our Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Alua Askarbek with Bank of America.
Alua Askarbek: Hi, everyone. Thank you for taking the questions today and congrats on a great quarter. And it looks like 2021 is going to be great for you guys as well. So, I just wanted to start off and ask a little bit more on what you guys are expecting for revenues this year? So, how are you thinking about occupancy for the first half versus the second half and a little bit more on the rental rate assumptions?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Alua this is Scott. I can give you a little bit more detail in terms of what our guidance assumes. We are assuming that our occupancy stays strong. So, in January and into February, our gap has actually expanded to be just over 300 basis points. So what's happened is January and February typically have lower occupancy, declining occupancy. We haven't seen that. So we moved from 240 basis point delta in occupancy to over 300 basis points where we are today. So we are assuming that occupancy holds at this high level through the end of the summer, at which point we expect occupancy to fall more to historical levels. So last year in the fourth quarter, third and fourth quarter we saw occupancy 200 basis points to 300 basis points higher than normal. This year, we expect that to be a 100 basis points to 200 basis points headwind for us. So we expect it to be lower and to fall back more to historical levels. We expect the first quarter to be strong in terms of revenue growth continuing to accelerate from the fourth quarter. The second quarter should be the peak and that is mainly due to some easy comps from last year and then continued good into the third quarter with the end of the third quarter and fourth quarter being challenging.
Alua Askarbek: Okay, makes sense. And then I guess just a little bit more on the third-party management for 2021. You mentioned that you already added 51 new stores. Can we expect a large acceleration in third-party management compared to 2020 and 2019?
Joe Margolis: So, this is Joe. The -- and thank you for your kind words about our performance. It's not Scott and me, it's over 4,000 employees who every day bring their best work and have really done an outstanding job. With respect to third-party management, our activity in January and February with 51 stores added is a little elevated because we took 37 stores on in connection with the JCAP transaction. So I would expect our 2021 activity to be similar to our 2020 activity in terms of gains.
Alua Askarbek: Okay, got it. Thank you so much.
Joe Margolis: Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Alua.
Operator: Your next question comes from Spenser Allaway with Green Street.
Spenser Allaway: Hi, thank you. Can you guys just provide a little bit of color on how existing customer rate increases have been trending just relative to your historical norms? And do you suspect that you're going to be able to continue pushing these pretty aggressively in '21?
Joe Margolis: So we're still subject to restrictions on existing customer rate increase in many markets across the country and that -- we abide by all those regulations and that of course is the limit to us. Absent that, our ECRI increases average high-single-digits, 10%, about the same as always. And interestingly, we continue to move out rates in response to ECRI and we have seen no increase in move-out rates. So, hopefully, at some point those regulations -- restrictions are lifted and we can get back to fully normal behavior. But we are limited now. We understood that and took that into account in our guidance, and hopefully, we can get back to normal sooner rather than later.
Spenser Allaway: Okay, thank you. And then just to make sure, on growth front, are you guys currently seeing more opportunity with stabilized assets or with assets in some sort of lease-up right now?
Joe Margolis: I'm sorry, more opportunities with what type of assets? I couldn't understand you.
Spenser Allaway: Stabilized versus assets in some form of lease-up.
Joe Margolis: Yes, thank you very much. So -- and sorry about that. So, what we bought is more lease-up assets. Stabilized -- pricing on stabilized assets is very hard for us to make sense of. We will probably be more active on that front in 2021 with joint venture partners, just to make the pricing makes sense to us. But everything we bought in 2020 was lease-up. If you kind of average, we were in the mid-3s first year and stabilized on average in 17 months in the mid-6s. So I think that's the best use of our acquisition dollars today.
Spenser Allaway: Okay, thank you.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rick Skidmore with Goldman Sachs.
Rick Skidmore: Good morning, Joe and Scott. Question on Joe for the -- on the supply growth, how are you seeing supply across your markets? You mentioned kind of flattish. But are there any particular markets where you're seeing outsized supply growth? Or how are you thinking about supply in 2021 and into 2022? Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Sure. Thanks. Good question. So supply is still an issue, that's the short answer. We did see substantial pull back in 2020 due to COVID. We -- I'm going to speak to our same-store pool, not national statistics, I'll speak to what matters to us. We had projected in 2020 that about 30% of our same-store pool would be impacted by new supply and when you look at the actual numbers, it was only around 21%. So almost a third got pushed or canceled because of COVID. In 2022, we project 22% of our same-store pool will be impacted by new stores and I think there will be, like there is every year, some number of those stores get delayed or maybe even canceled. So we are seeing an incremental decrease in new supply and that's good news. But I would caution you on two fronts; one is, we still have significant supply delivered in many markets over the last several years and we're working through that and that affects our ability to push rate. And secondly, with the performance of storage, particularly in comparison to other asset classes, I would not be surprised if that attracts more capital, more developers to the market. So new supply isn't going away. It's not in many -- every market, but in the markets where it is, it's something we need to deal with.
Rick Skidmore: Thank you. And then, Joe, just maybe one other follow-up on the bridge loan program. You mentioned, I think $400 million targeted for 2021. Is that sort of in the pipeline or is that an aspirational goal? Maybe help us frame that and then how you think about the path forward from some of these bridge loan and other investments that you're making to help with the FFO growth?
Joe Margolis: So, we have about $196 million in the pipeline. So we believe $400 million is an achievable goal and the bridge loan program is very accretive for us because the whole note reach maybe in the 5% to 6% but by the time we sell the A and keep the B, the rate we're getting is 9%, 10%, 11% plus we're getting management of the stores and the economics there. We also hope to buy a bunch of these and I think we bought one and have two that we're targeting to buy. And it's an immature program. But as we get deeper into it, I hope it turns into an acquisition pipeline as well.
Rick Skidmore: Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Smedes Rose with Citi.
Smedes Rose: Hi, thanks. I wanted to ask you -- so migration has been a big topic over this period or this pandemic and I was just wondering, are you starting to see that at all across your portfolio and does it make you sort of change, wherein you're thinking about where you might want to invest in the future as you look at acquisitions?
Joe Margolis: Thanks Smedes. So, we haven't seen differential in performance between the markets that have been called out as people are fleeing San Francisco or people are fleeing New York and the markets that people are supposedly fleeing to. And I don't know if that's because people are storing their stuff in Manhattan before they go out to Borough, New Jersey and at some point, that will unwind. But as of now, we don't see performance differential based on that reported phenomenon. What we do see is performance difference based on new supply, to go back to the previous question. That's where we have the weakest power. I'll also tell you, there's been a number of articles coming out recently that question whether the urban flight is as widespread as been reported in COVID. I just read an article that most of the people leaving San Francisco are settling in the counties around San Francisco, they're not going to Utah or Florida or Texas. And then lastly, and this is just one man's opinion, I don't believe COVID is the death of New York City. I believe young people like to live in cities. Cities have a lot of advantages. And I don't believe that this is the death of the big cities. So to answer your question, we're much more focused on micro markets as we look to buy things, and we're not -- we have not yet adjusted our investment strategy based on urban flight.
Smedes Rose: Okay, thank you for that. I just wanted to ask you too, your net-adds in the fourth quarter for third-party management were quite a bit lower than the gross additions. And I just was wondering what sort of caused that churn and is that something that you would expect to see going forward, perhaps, seeing it like from the first quarter.
Joe Margolis: Yes, great question. So, we had 38 stores leave our platform in the fourth quarter and 87 leave our platform in 2020, almost all of them were because of sales. Very, very few were a change in managers. We bought 15 of those 87 stores, not a huge percentage and the issue is pricing. We try to remain disciplined and not overpay, in our view, for things. There is also some subset of these stores that are not of a quality we want to own. We have to manage but not own. So given where prices is, I would expect that we continue to have sales. I hope we can do a better job through structures that we buy more of them, but our number one goal is not to do something that's dilutive to our shareholder's value. So if pricing gets beyond what we think is reasonable, we're going to do our best to transition the store to the new buyer.
Smedes Rose: Okay. Thank you appreciate it.
Joe Margolis:  Sure. Thanks, Smedes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Todd Thomas: Hi, good afternoon. First question, Scott, apologies if I missed this, but what were move-in rates or move in rate growth, I guess, in the quarter and in January and what are you seeing early in February?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So, our achieved rates in the fourth quarter and really for the back half of the year, we're about 10% year -- ahead of where they were the prior year. And in the first quarter of this year, January and February, we're seeing rates be at very similar levels, about 10% ahead of where they were last year.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then, just following up on rental rate trends and just given how the industry has tightened up here over the last couple of quarters. And you've seen a lot of rent growth during the off peak season which Joe, I think, you noted began in August. As we think about the peak leasing season ramping up now, is it possible that we see rate increases similar to what Extra Space and the industry has experienced historically during the peak periods from where rates are today and is that factored into guidance?
Scott Stubbs: So, we are assuming that the first quarter we continue these rate that we've been -- we've been experiencing. Second quarter, our achieved rates, we would expect to be very strong, because if you remember, in the second quarter when things really dropped, we dropped rates 20% to 30%. And so when you're looking at a rate that was 20% to 30% lower and then it's already 10% above, you're going to see some significant rate growth for customers that move in at April, May even into early June and those are all factored into our guidance.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And how far above -- where are rates today relative to sort of that March, April, May timeframe?
Scott Stubbs: So if you -- I'll just give you one point of reference and that's our achieved -- I mean our achieved rate compared to our in-place rents and this isn't necessarily the move-out rate versus the move-in rate. Our in-place rents are actually above our achieved rates today. Now remember, this is the time of year when this is usually the most negative, meaning your achieved rates in January and February it's the highest -- your existing customer rates are compared to your achieved rates on an annual basis. So the fact that our rates are up 10% year-over-year in February is good. So our in-place rents are about high single-digits above where the achieved rates are today.
Todd Thomas: Okay, that's helpful. And then just one question, the taxes in the TRS that are forecast to be up to about $19 million to $20 million. I know in the past you've executed on sort of a variety of different strategies to minimize that tax expenses. Are there any opportunities that you see today as you look ahead?
Joe Margolis: So we are continuing to take advantage of some solar opportunities where you -- where you continue to use that from an ESG perspective and a sustainability perspective as well as some tax benefits. That's the big one that we have today.
Todd Thomas: Okay. Do you see any potential downside to that -- the tax expense in the TRS going forward?
Scott Stubbs: So, I think it will depend a little bit on where rates -- tax rates go, and then also what happens with solar credits. I think that you've seen them burning off. I would expect with the change in President, they could initiate additional credits but those are -- we'll continue to monitor those.
Todd Thomas: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Todd.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Great quarter and great guidance. So, I'm curious, are the kind of rent increase ceilings like California and other cities might have put in place, what is implicit in your guidance in terms of those policies loosening up? Are you assuming that you can push rates further in the back half in California or is that just going to be upside -- potential upside to guidance?
Joe Margolis: So, we don't assumes that we gets relief from those in the first half of 2021. The back half of 2021, I believe, we still are moderating some of those rates. So there is some upside to that. But there's also a downside if something turns in the wrong direction and additional restrictions are put into place.
Ki Bin Kim: Got it. And just going back to the supply topic, you talked about the percent impact to your same-store pool. But I'm curious about the decimal impact, so not just 30% being impacted or 21% being impacted but the decimal impact is -- at the end of the day, when all is said and done, if it decimal impact, is that even better?
Joe Margolis: I'm not sure I understood the question. So we've tried to be clear on this call and others that supply is the biggest factor that's impeding our performance in that, in markets like the Boroughs in Northern New Jersey and Texas markets, Florida markets etc. our ability to raise rents. We can fill the stores up. We can keep them in -- at very high occupancy rates. It's -- our ability to raise rent is impacted by the new supply. Ki Bin, I don't know if that answered your question and if not let me know and I'll try better.
Ki Bin Kim: Well, you said I think about 21% we're seeing are so called impacted by supply, but that could mean 10% more supply coming to those markets or it could be 2% more spike in those markets. So that's how I was trying to gauge if it's leaning one way or another.
Joe Margolis: Yes there, it -- listen, this is a micro-market business and that's an astute comment, it varies widely. We've had situations where we've had properties come in very close to an existing property, brand new development and because of traffic patterns or barriers like bridges or rivers or whatever specific reason, we've had absolutely no impact on our property. We also see that it's better for a store to -- new store to come into a market where it's 10 square feet per person than two square feet per person, because the percentage increase on a market that's full and has 10 square feet per person, you'd only have to capture a marginal part of everyone's demand to fill your store up, where if it's only two square foot per person and you're increasing supply by 50%, that's a more difficult -- at least in the short term, a more difficult problem. So it is absolutely a -- we get these numbers 21%, 30% whatever, it is a market-by-market, store-by-store analysis and that's how we do it for our guidance. We create individual budgets based on what we know could happen in the markets for each store. We do our best to project performance and we roll that all up and that becomes our guidance.
Ki Bin Kim: Got it. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo.
Todd Stender: Hi, thanks. Just listening to your posture calling for some moderation in occupancy. Certainly, these are historic highs and it's probably prudent to do so. But what drives that move lower? Are you assuming some housing transaction slowing? Is it frozen consumer behavior that begins to thaw and people naturally start to move out after a 13 or 14 months. Maybe where do you kind of point to?
Scott Stubbs: So Todd, I would tell you -- go ahead, Joe.
Joe Margolis: Sorry Scott. So, our elevated occupancy, one of the very important factors is moderation in vacates. And at some point, COIVD is going to be in the rear view mirror and we believe customer behavior will return to normal. Now, I don't think that means there is going to be an end of COVID day and someone is going to flip the switch and everyone runs to move out of their storages, right. We know that our customers are -- have a great deal of inertia and it's not high in their list and it may take them some time. We know that the largest increase in reason for storage we've seen over COVID is de cluttering of the house. And I don't think just because COVID is over, people are going to want to reclutter their house, right, that this may be a more permanent change. But with all that being said, we do believe vacates will eventually get back to more normal levels, and that will cause a reduction in occupancy.
Todd Stender: Understood. Thanks, Joe. One more, just in the terms of maybe just sticking with bridge loans, you did sell some of your bridge loans, looks like you have a little bit more sold already this year. So it gives you a seat at the table when you want to go acquire a property, but now you've sold some, does that now limit your ability to acquire on that deal and -- that's one. And then two, how liquid is that market if you guys are trying to lighten up on loans or maybe it's a risk mitigation effort, maybe just some context there?
Joe Margolis: So there, once we have sold an A-piece and we have sold $76 million of additional A-pieces in 2021. It does complicate the purchase, because we can wave our portion of the prepayment penalty. But the A-piece solid is not going to do that because they not getting any benefit from our purchase. So that is a challenge. Obviously as you get closer to maturity and those burn off, it's less of the challenge. We -- the second part of the question, when we started this program, we had a co-lending partner that we would co-originate the loans and at closing, close them with -- where we only help the B-piece. And we found that better execution over time was for us to close in all both pieces, package up the As into more meaningful chunks and then sell them. So that means we hold the As on our balance sheet for some period of time and you saw in the fourth quarter, how having those sold elevated our debt somewhat. But it gives us better execution particularly because now we have two buyers of the A-note. So there is some competition and redundancy for that and that seems to be working really well for us.
Todd Stender: Great, thank you.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Mueller with JP Morgan.
Mike Mueller: Yes, hi. Scott, want to go back to, when you were talking about occupancy being strong up to 300 basis points through the summer and then you made a comment about a headwind down to a 100 basis points. Were you implying that by year-end, the occupancy comp was going to be a negative 100 basis points or your 300 basis points positive was going to shrink to 100 basis points positive?
Scott Stubbs: So in the back half of 2020, it was 200 basis point to 300 basis point benefit, and we are assuming that in the back half of 2021, it is a 100 basis point to 200 basis point headwind. So it's a negative comp year-over-year in the back half of 2021.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then, when you were talking about the portion or the markets where you still run into rental increase restrictions, how significant is that as a percentage of the whole portfolio.
Joe Margolis: Sort of thinking how to measure that. Some of the rental rate restrictions are at a level that it's not that meaningful, right. In Alabama, you can't increase your rates more than 25% or Kansas to 25%. Now those are biggest states. But that gives you the idea. And other like California where it's 10% and it's a meaningful state for us, that is much more of a restriction. So we think the opportunity cost if you will, in 2021 because we were not able to raise the rates, is meaningful. It's likely over $10 million, but it's all included in our guidance.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay, that was it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey, congrats in the quarter. Just two quick ones from me. One is just on the same-store expense guidance, you could just -- if you haven't already talked about, how should we think about sort of the property taxes and the payroll, which is sort of the largest items in terms of their contribution? Thanks.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So I can give you our assumptions in our guidance. The over -- about 55% of the increase actually relates to payroll -- to property tax increases and we are assuming that they're about 5.5% higher than they were in 2020. Our payroll increase is about 2%, increased year-over-year and that makes up another 10%. And then, we are assuming R&M is going up. We've had a couple of years with the down and we've had some benefit from lower comps with snow removal. So we think that's going to be a tough comp. We've seen some of that in the Northeast already to-date. So that's some of the larger assumptions in the 2021 guidance.
Ronald Kamdem: Got it. My second question was just on the four assets that were sold. Just any color around there, maybe cap rates or why was it sold? Was it just a great offer? Just curious what the situations where there. Thanks.
Joe Margolis: I would tell you, we thought the pricing was very good otherwise we wouldn't have sold. We retain management of the stores. We retain certain right of first refusals to buy them if they ever want to sell. I would tell you it was a tax motivated buyer and we were able to drive what I thought was very attractive terms because they have that motivation.
Ronald Kamdem: Helpful. Many thanks?
Joe Margolis: I'm sorry?
Ronald Kamdem: So I said, thank you.
Joe Margolis: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lehman with Evercore ISI.
Michael Lehman: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick follow-up on supply, how much of your outlook includes the possibility of conversions from retail to storage with the amount of -- of kind of reliance on e-commerce that's been happening?
Joe Margolis: So, when we know about it, it's absolutely included in our projections. Our folks in the field are charged with knowing what's going on in their micro-market and what can be converted. That being said, I think that is -- and we've done a bunch of that. We have a number of stores that are old retail centres. There is challenges to that. I don't think that's going to be a giant source of new self-storage. Some of the dark retail is dark retail for a reason and you don't -- we wouldn't want to put a storage site there. Some is dark retail but not zoned probably for a storage. And there is a lot of other physical issues with doing that. So there certainly will be some of that, but I don't see a wave -- a giant wave of new supply from retail conversions.
Michael Lehman: Got it. Okay, that's it for me.
Joe Margolis: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist.
Ki Bin Kim: Oh, didn't realize I'll be back so quick. Just wanted to talk big picture about your bridge loan program, not just like what's in 2021 -- plain '21 guidance, but just longer term. Should we view this program as going to be in place for the indefinite future or is this more, there is a market opportunity that you're taking advantage of. So maybe in three years it really winds down. I'm just trying to understand the scope of the program long-term.
Joe Margolis: So, we don't have a perfect crystal ball. Our belief is that there will be a demand for what we're doing now into the future. I also believe that it's incumbent on us to always understand where the capital voids are in the market and how we can make good risk-adjusted returns based on those capital voids. So if our current program gets smaller in the future because that capital need is not as great, I hope that our team and I expect that our team to find the next opportunity. One thing I think Extra Space has done well over the years is being innovative with the external growth and that means not executing the same strategy regardless of where you are in the market cycle. It's trying to understand that market cycle and see where you can make outsized returns at acceptable levels of risk. Right now that's bridge loans and I hope it continues forever, but if it doesn't, we'll find something else.
Ki Bin Kim: Right. And I would say I'm assuming there is a pretty wide funnel and what you end up closing is pretty select -- selective. But just curious, can you just describe like the deals that you've actually turned down and how big that funnel is at the top?
Joe Margolis: Sure. So the -- I think the two biggest limitations on the funnel at top is, we won't make construction loans. We could -- we could make lots and lots of loans if we're willing to make construction loans. But the great thing about the bridge loan program is if it goes bad and we have to take the property over that's 75% or 80% of underwritten value. We already operate it. We're happy to own it. That's not a bad result as opposed to taking over a half built defaulted construction project, we have no interest in that. So that's one limitation on the top of the funnel. The second is we have to manage the store and that some people are self-manage and want to continue that and they don't want us to manage the store, and then we won't do it. After that, we get to property quality, location, underwriting, we can get to the proceeds that the borrower wants, but there is -- we have a substantial pipeline and we feel confident we can hit our guidance for this year.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thanks again.
Joe Margolis: Sure. Thanks Ki Bin.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back to Mr. Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Great. Thanks everyone for your interest in Extra Space and your support over the years. We're really looking forward to a strong 2021 strong double-digit core FFO growth. And appreciate your interest. I hope everyone in your families are well. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference calls. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-05 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the 2020 Extra Space Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Ill now turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norman. Please begin, sir.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Jenny, and welcome to Extra Space Storages third quarter 2020 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, November 5, 2020. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. Id now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Jeff. And thank you everyone for joining us on todays call. I trust everyone in their families remain healthy and are managing through this difficult time. 2020 has been a challenging and eventful year. And unprecedented conditions related to the pandemic have made it difficult to forecast performance. On our last call, we discussed the tailwinds we are experiencing in terms of rental activity, muted vacates, positive achieved rate trends and the resumption of normal operations. We also discussed the potential headwinds if we believed we could face, including economic and political risk, as well as changing customer behavior and new supply. During the third quarter, and to-date, the tailwinds improved stronger than we expected while the headwinds have not been as significant or have not materialized. Rental volume remains healthy, our vacate volume remains muted, resulting in an all-time high occupancy of approximately 96%. Through July, occupancy was inflated with non-paying customers due to the inability to auction delinquent units. However, as the quarter continued and auctions resume, we have been able to maintain our high occupancy and collections have returned to historically normal levels. Our elevated occupancy resulted in return of pricing power during the third quarter. In short, our stores are performing significantly better than we expected earlier in the pandemic. On the last call, we stated that we expected to have negative same-store revenue growth in the third and fourth quarters. Due to the continuation of the tailwinds we are experiencing, we have achieved positive revenue growth in October and are confident we will produce positive revenue growth in the fourth quarter. We remain mindful of the potential macro and industry-specific uncertainties that we have referenced during the third quarter. However, at present the risks do not appear to be negatively impacting the demand for storage or consumers ability and willingness to pay for our product. The primary headwind impacting performance is new supply in certain markets. While the pandemic has delayed new deliveries and may reduce new projects and planning, properties are still being delivered and excess inventory is still leasing up, which will continue to suppress rate growth in high supply markets. Despite the improving trends, our same-store NOI remain negative in the third quarter. However, even with the disruption COVID-19 caused to our operations, we continue to grow core FFO per share, which is our ultimate goal. In the third quarter, FFO per share increased 5.6% and FFO growth for the first three quarters was 5%, both sizable beats over consensus. Our flexible organizational structure and focused on innovative capital-light strategies have enhanced FFO through new external growth channels and non-same-store income streams. These contributions paired with improving same-store trends lead us to believe that our 2020 FFO will comfortably exceed the high end of our pre-COVID expectations. Turning to external growth, acquisition volume has picked up in the sector as markets have started to settle, but pricing for widely brokered deals, particularly for stabilized properties remains very competitive. During the quarter, we have closed to put under contract an additional $140 million of acquisitions, bringing our total expected investment in 2020 to $287 million. In addition to acquisitions, we continue to find ways to creatively invest capital in the storage sector. Our bridge loan program continues to grow with approximately $315 million in bridge loans scheduled to close in 2020, with the expectation to sell 70% to 80% of the balances. Weve also approved $167 million of loans to close in 2021. We also purchased $103 million senior mezzanine note at a small discount. And subsequent to quarter-end, we invested in additional $50 million in SmartStop through our previously negotiated preferred equity investment. And through three quarters, we have added 72 stores net to our third-party management platform. In short, we continue to execute on our strategy to maximize shareholders long-term value, to optimizing property level operations and efficiently and creatively investing capital in the storage sector at acceptable risk levels. Ill now turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Joe, and hello, everyone. As Joe mentioned, weve seen a number of positive trends during the quarter that are continuing into the fourth quarter. During September and October, we typically see occupancy and achieved rates start to moderate due to seasonality. This year, this has not been the case. Rentals remain steady, while vacates are still down and October occupancy remained relatively similar to this summers highs at just under 96%, a positive year-over-year delta of approximately 260 basis points with less than 20 basis points of inflated occupancy related to non-paying tenants. New customer rates also remained strong. Achieved rates to new customer were flat year-over-year in July and improved to approximately 11% in August, September and October. We have completed the rollout of our online leasing platform, Rapid Rental, and have seen approximately 20% of rentals come through this channel. We have also reinstated existing customer rent increases in most markets with a focus on bringing customers with below market rates closer to current levels. To-date, such increases have not caused outsized vacate activity. Despite these strong trends, same-store revenue remained negative in the quarter, primarily driven by lower other income due to fewer assessed late fees and auction fees. Weve tried to work with our customers and have been lenient where appropriate given challenges related to the pandemic. We have been proactively controlling expenses to offset lower revenue, while ensuring we arent hurting the long-term value of our properties or our business. Expense growth from property taxes was generally offset by savings in utilities and repairs and maintenance, and we managed to keep payroll generally flat without furloughs, layoffs or pay cuts. We continue to view marketing spend as an investment in top line revenue growth, and well continue to use this lever to drive revenue when the return wants it. Weve been tracking the results of Californias Proposition 15 vote carefully, and it appears that it  that it will not pass and have an impact on property tax expense. We continue to strengthen our balance sheet and have access to many types of capital at attractive pricing. We received $425 million from our previously completed private placement transaction, and subsequent to quarter-end, we used these funds, revolver capacity and shares to settle our $500 million convertible notes. All in all, 2020 has been an eventful year and we have certainly seen the landscape shift rapidly over the last two quarters. While we cant predict all of the future  we cant predict all of the future challenges we may face, we believe our flexible organizational structure are focused on innovation, and ultimately our people position us to react quickly to change and to capitalize on various opportunities to follow. We operate in a fantastic sector and our diversified portfolio, advanced platform and talented team will continue to maximize shareholder value, regardless of the economic climate. With that, lets turn it back over to Jenny to start our Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Jeff Norman: Operator, were ready for the first question.
Operator: Yes. Your first question is from Jeff Spector with Bank of America.
Jeff Spector: Yes. I hopped on a little bit late, but I think, Joe, you said 2020 will exceed pre-COVID expectations. Is that correct?
Joe Margolis: For FFO, yes, thats correct, Jeff.
Jeff Spector: Okay. Thats a powerful statement. And so I just want to  we thought the results were very strong, stock under performing today a bit, Im just trying to think about market concerns, again, maybe your comfort visibility on the business. I know thats tough, but how are you thinking about 2021 guidance? I guess you typically provide next quarter. Like what gives you comfort to make the  to provide that guidance at that time versus not? Is it vaccine? Is it just watching cases and potential risk of shutdowns?
Joe Margolis: So Jeff, Im not sure I understood your question. What gives us comfort to provide 2021 guidance or not? Is that the question?
Jeff Spector: Just trying to think ahead to correct to the next quarter and given business was more resilient than expected. A lot of the issues that you and your peers were concerned over starting back in March didnt transpire. Again, FFO better than pre-COVID expectations, like, are you planning to provide 2021 guidance? And if not, what would  help determine that?
Joe Margolis: So our current plan is to provide 2021 guidance. If the political or medical situation gets to the level of uncertainty that we dont feel we could provide a range comfortably, then well have to rethink that position.
Jeff Spector: Okay. Thats fair. And then on a couple of the drivers that were discussed on the previous call. And I know weve talked to you about the work-from-home benefits, EXR sector has been seeing or movement in the economy. I mean, from your standpoint, whats the most important thing to watch from here? Is it the housing market? The work-from-home or work from anywhere, it seems to continue at least for now. I know, theres always different levers at different times different cycles, but whats most important as we head into 202?
Joe Margolis: So well watch our customers behavior. We dont have perfect visibility as to how some of the things youre talking about, work-from-home, housing market, the direct correlation or translation to customer behavior. So we track literally every day customer behavior across a whole lot of metrics and optimize operations based on what we see.
Jeff Spector: Great. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Sure. Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Your next question is from Rose Smedes with Citi.
Rose Smedes: Hi there. I guess, Im going to ask you about move out activities. And if youve seen that relatively low relative to where you normally would have, which seems to be kind of like an industry issue. And Im just trying to think about it as that returns to maybe more normal levels in a post pandemic world. How do you think about more normalized occupancies? And how might you encourage customers to stay? Would you try to entice them with rents or you to occupancy levels where you could stand to maybe have that decline a little bit?
Joe Margolis: So occupancy  Im sorry, vacate levels are still muted. Theyre still below historical norms. Theyre not as needed as they were earlier in the pandemic. But one of the factors, a strong factor in our very high occupancy is that vacates are muted. And I agree with you, risk of the future is that customer behavior returns to normal, vacates return to normal, and that puts pressure on occupancy. However, we dont think theres any way to encourage people to stay in storage. Storage is a need based product. And at some point people wont need the storage anymore. And at that point, theyll leave. They may not leave immediately because of inertia, but sooner or later, theyre going to realize I dont need this anymore. And even if we cut their rent to $1, they dont need it and theyre going to go and move on and do whatever they need. So we cant encourage people to stay. What we can do is make sure that we can replace those tenants in the most efficient manner at the lowest cost at the best rate that we can.
Rose Smedes: Okay. Fair enough. And then, maybe you could just touch on the debt maturities that you have coming up through the balance of this year, I think, and into next year and kind of how youre thinking about handling those?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Smedes this is Scott, the major maturities that we had coming due at the end of this year were really two items. One was a $70 million loan that came due in September that we actually extended for a year. So thatll come due in the year. And the second piece is a $575 million convert. And that was actually paid off in two troches part of the $71 million getting paid off the 1 of October and the other $504 million getting paid off the second day of November. So we have paid  weve either extended or paid those off and we paid that off with the proceeds from our private placement, which was a $425 million private placement, and then proceeds from our lines of credit.
Rose Smedes: Great. Okay. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Smedes.
Operator: The next question is from Rick Skidmore with Goldman Sachs.
Rick Skidmore: Good morning, Joe and Scott. Joe, could you just talk a little bit more about the bridge loan program, and how you assess the credit risk and then how you think about the pacing of that capital and the rates on those loans? Thanks. 
Joe Margolis: Sure. Happy to. So we started this program in 2019. We lend only on existing product or not development loans. The product has to be completed and operating. We manage each of these loans. So in addition to the economics of the loan, we get the economics of the management, contract. We look somewhat at the borrowers financial capacity, particularly, because they have obligations  personal obligations to replenish operating an interest reserves. But our primary collateral is the real estate. We underwrite this real estate as if were going to buy it to the same team that underwrites our acquisitions. And we are  we make loans where were comfortable. If we have to own the property at our loan balance, that well be happy that we did that. The second question with regard to pacing, this program has grown frankly faster this year than we thought. And we did a $100 million in our first year. We will fund or approve for funding, probably close to over $500 million this year. And I think the acceleration is because what people are just looking for a way to get to a better tomorrow. Were in this weird position. They just want to get some financing that will let them get their store to a more stabilized number, and then they can put permanent financing or sell or do whatever. Its important to remember that we sell 70% to 80% of the balances of the loan. So theyre structured is first to mezz or A&B. Well sell the first position and retain the second position that both leverages our return and allows us to control the amount of capital thats allocated to this program. Sorry for the long answer.
Rick Skidmore: And as you looked at 2021 expectations, thinking about the bridge loan program, continuing at those at the similar 2020 level? Or do you think it increases or comes down a bit? 
Joe Margolis: So I would expect the program to grow. Our goal is to grow these programs. As we develop more relationships, have more programmatic borrowers. Its kind of like a snowball rolling down a hill. So its my hope and expectation that we do more in 2021 than we did in 2020.
Rick Skidmore: Great. Thanks, Joe.
Joe Margolis: Sure. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital.
Todd Thomas: Thanks. Just following up on the bridge loan program a little bit, I guess it, you said you have an expectation to sell 70% to 80% of the balance. But whats on the books today and what is the average yield on those loans and sort of the weighted average maturity?
Joe Margolis: So whats on the books today isnt representative of our final capital investment. When we first started this program, we would simultaneously close and sell the first tranche, so that never showed up on our books. We now think a better execution is to close them all on balance sheet, package it up in $30 million, $40 million, $50 million chunks, then take those to the market and sell it. So we currently have more on the balance sheet than we ultimately will because were in the middle of selling a couple of those tranches. Yields on the whole loan or between 5% and 6%, theres a LIBOR for that puts the yields in that place. Once we sell it, the yields on our piece are between 9% and 11% and those numbers dont include management fees or having insurance that we get from managing the property.
Todd Thomas: Got it.
Joe Margolis: No, I just going to make the comparison of where we see cap rates and opportunity to make money, buying wholly-owned properties versus the yields we can get from this plus the management contract, plus weve already bought three assets out of the loan program at somewhat of an acquisition pipeline. And it allows us just to create more partnerships, more relationships, which is so important to us in everything we do.
Todd Thomas: Okay. So as youre sort of warehousing these loans and ultimately retaining 20% or 30% of the balance, how large or how much of an appetite do you have for this type of structure finance, investment portfolio overall. And do you plan on adding some additional disclosure to describe some of the details around this as it continues to grow?
Joe Margolis: Yes. So I think your second point is spot on. Now that this has gotten significant, we need to add some things to our SOPs and we will do that in 2021. Seeing that we sell the vast majority of the loan balances, I dont see a meaningful cap on what we can do. I dont know if we can grow this big enough where we wont have the capital to do it.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then, Joe, your  so your comments about supply still impacting fundamentals. I just wanted to circle back there. So, your occupancy for the portfolio overall is 95.9% and rates are trending higher. So, what impact is new supply having on the business today? Its hard to see those pressures right now, I guess, is demand just overwhelming that supply at this time, or is there something else; can you just expand on those comments a bit?
Joe Margolis: Yes. those are macro stats. If you broke it down to the store level and look at stores that had new supply challenges or new supply competitors, they may still be leasing up quickly or have very high occupancy, but their rate growth, their rate power is very different than stores that dont have that new supply challenge. So, were able to fill all our stores up. The impact of new supplies is on how much rate power we have.
Scott Stubbs: And Todd, you can see that sum in the supplementals, if you look at it by market. So for instance, if you look at Dallas or South Florida or New York City, youll see that those are performing from a revenue growth perspective below the average versus markets that are performing above the average. And we would tell you that supply markets are typically performing below the average. 
Todd Thomas: Right. Okay. And I guess, given the improvement though in fundamentals that the industry has seen. Are you anticipating new supply growth to reaccelerate a bit? It sounded like it was expected to fall or moderate, whats the outlook like today? Thanks.
Joe Margolis: So, I do expect moderation, equity  theres probably equity out there with developers, I think that is harder to get and theres some markets that its just harder to underwrite to get the deal. So, new supply is not going to stop, but I would expect moderation. 
Todd Thomas: All right. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question is from Spenser Allaway with Green Street.
Spenser Allaway: Commented that the transaction markets continued to open up. I was just wondering if you could provide some color around what portion of the deals youre seeing, are either assets that are in some phase of lease-up versus those that already stabilized? 
Joe Margolis: So, I actually dont know if Ive ever divided deals were seeing, I dont know if I know the answer to what percentage of deals were seeing on lease-up versus stabilized? Ill pay the deals weve approved this year. Weve approved 22 stores for acquisition, and none of them were stabilized. They were all between  they averaged about 64% occupancy and thats stabilized periods of six to 36 months with stabilized cash flow in the mid-sixes. So, those are the type of deals that are attracted to  attractive to us now, stabilized stores, its sub-five cap rates are not all that attractive to us.
Spenser Allaway: Okay. Thats helpful. And then you guys also mentioned that rental volumes have remained healthy. Can you just elaborate a little bit more on the move-in trends and whether or not this growth is widespread throughout the whole portfolio, or if there are any markets that stood out in terms of elevated activity? 
Scott Stubbs: Yes. I would tell you the rental volume and occupancies are consistent across the portfolio. So, its not just urban versus suburban. If you look at our property occupancy in  were full across the U.S., if you look at kind of rentals and vacates throughout the quarter, we actually had higher vacate volume this quarter due to auctions than we normally would, because we kind of moved six months worth of auctions into three months here. And so I would tell you our rental volume while it might be slightly below last year. last year was a really good year with July, we end very high. Were very close to historical norm. So, our rental volume has been strong, and weve also been able to offset any vacancy that was created by the increase in auctions in the third quarter. So, we had those pent-up auctions as we paused during the stay-at-home timeframe.
Spenser Allaway: Okay. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Spenser.
Operator: The next question is from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, thanks. Just hoping you could elaborate a little bit on the payroll line for a same-store pool was down slightly year-over-year, whats driving that  is that more of rental without having to talk to anybody just the automated process or is it just more cost controls by you guys and trying to manage that line item and any expectations going forward?
Joe Margolis: So in the first and second quarters, I would tell you it was up slightly for a couple of reasons. One is we had a very tough comp from last year. We had very low payroll last year, as we had turnover that was maybe, a little higher and our time to fill was a little higher last year than it is this year. So this year, weve had very little turnover. We also tried to be fair with our employees, as people got sick, because they had family members who got sick. So, our staffing was maybe a little higher in the second quarter. As we moved into the third quarter, weve seen that normalized somewhat and in the second quarter, the other thing we saw is nobody was taking vacation. So, youre accruing the vacations there. Nobody was taking time off. And so we would expect it to be up slightly, but not to the degree it was in the first and second quarter.
Juan Sanabria: Great, thanks. And then I was just hoping you could talk to the scenes, the auctions, et cetera, the late fees. What part does that stop being a drag? Does it have to do with how high occupied you are today? In other words, is the higher occupancy working against you on the fees in some respect, or is it just because the moveouts are down also obviously tied to your occupants. If you could just help us, when that will pass that pressure on the same-store revenue line?
Joe Margolis: So, I would tell you late fees are down for a couple of reasons. One is you have a state of emergency orders that dont allow us to charge late fees in certain markets. So, in the Los Angeles area, were not charging late fees or were being lenient with late fees. The second one is early in the pandemic, and as we moved in and as people went to auction, we have been more lenient on late fees as weve tried to be fair with our customers. as that auction volume has slowed, meaning weve gotten through some of the pent-up options, we would expect that to normalize in areas, where we have had auctions and do not have state of emergencies.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you. 
Joe Margolis: Next one.
Operator: Your next question is from Ki Bin Kim with Truist.
Ki Bin Kim: So, when you look at the customer mix [indiscernible] occupancy lately, I mean, I guess its kind of logical to assume it has to do with housing and people moving from different States. But is there something about that demand that youre getting that you think is more transitory in nature? Maybe, they dont stay as long versus whats more typical of your tenancy? 
Joe Margolis: No, we dont know, right. We dont know how this is going to play out and how long some of this demand generated by the virus is going to last. We do know that its a good thing that more people are getting exposed to the product and using the product and now know that its an option. But one of the uncertainties is it was all of colleges go back to normal and if people move back into the city and out of their parents home. Do we lose some of this demand? Its a risk.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And weve seen a lot of acquisition activity in the self-storage sector, luckily for time. usually, you guys win more than your fair share. So, Im just curious, what this thing about just the excessive pricing or the quality of some of the deals out in the market, or is it that you just see more value in the bridge loan program and thats attracting your capital?
Joe Margolis: Yes. So, we dont judge success in the acquisition market by  who bought the most. I mean, if we could buy the most, we have the money; we can go out and bid more than anyone else. but at the end of the day, its about the returns you produce for your investors. So, we are going to be active in the acquisition market when we can produce the good returns. were going to be active in the bridge loan market. Were going to find creative ways, whether its preferred deals or otherwise to do that and were also going to increase our management and capital-light businesses. So, at the end of the day, were not seeking to buy the most, were seeking to make the most money. 
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Hong Thanh with JPMorgan.
Hong Thanh: I was wondering. So, you talked about expecting positive same-store revenue growth in the fourth quarter. Is there any, I guess, baked-in assumptions about move-outs or rent growth that goes into that? 
Joe Margolis: So, I would tell you, obviously weve made some assumptions. I think that we do have some vacancy assumptions in there, vacate assumptions. And if those, I think that if anything, if it keeps going like it is, we are very confident that that will be positive. I think that right now that weve had positive rent growth in October, our occupancy is still 2.5% plus ahead of last year and rate increases have kicked in.
Hong Thanh: Got it. And I guess, would you able to quantify how much of a drag the rents that you signed in the pandemic and the fact  and the rent positives that add on just your overall rent number?
Joe Margolis: So, in terms of quantifying them, we arent  were not looking to quantify them here today, but I would tell you that many of those are getting rate increases today that are going to be outsized as we move people more to market levels. So, if  our typical rent cycle is such that many of them have received rent increases or will be over the next month or two. So, we should be moving them to market and it should be much less of a drag into the fourth quarter.
Hong Thanh: Got it. And it sounds like youre accelerating that. is that right? 
Joe Margolis: So our rent increases are overall pretty similar to what they typically are in terms of our existing cap store rate increases. Remember, we still do have some state of emergency areas that are limiting the amount of rent increases that we cant pass through.
Hong Thanh: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: Quick ones for me. Just going back to the demand question and the customer behavior. Just asking in a different way, just thematically, when youre doing the analysis and youre looking at the customer behavior, is there anything that stands out to sort of explain sort of the demand drivers, whether itd be college students or small businesses, work from home demand or people living in the city, just thematically, is there anything to call out there? And the corollary to that would be, as we think about normalization scenario, what is one time versus whats going to recur as well as what arent we thinking about when things normalize that could actually be a demand positive? Thanks.
Joe Margolis: So thematically. I would think about demand broadly two ways. One is, there is demand for storage is driven by life events, at least on the non-business side. And those life events occurred during a pandemic  some of those life events occurred during a pandemic and not during a pandemic, right. People are getting divorced, people are dying and moving to folks to old folks home, all this stuff that gives rise to storage demand, before the pandemic still happening. In addition, you have unique things like college students not going back to college, restaurants having their store half their tables and chairs, people leaving the city to work from home  people leaving the city to move back with their parents, because they dont want to be in the city. And that stuff  some of that stuff may eventually go back to normal. Some of it may be more permanent nature, and we dont know the mix of that. But we do know that we live in a dynamic country where there is economic movement, where there is movement of people and that will continue, and people will continue to use storage based on that. And on our customer acquisition platform will continue to reach out and acquire those customers.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Thats helpful. And then not to beat the dead horse on external growth, but just thinking about it sort of a different way, in terms of just the run rate, I think you said earlier about, obviously you could buy more guilt if you wanted to, but clearly the focus is about making money. But six months ago when COVID hit, I think we were all trying to get their arms around it, clearly the sector has done that really well. Should we just expect the level run rate activity acquisitions to increase? Simply because, maybe there is a little bit more confidence, a little bit more visibility. Could we get back to $200 million, $300 million, maybe even more in acquisitions? Assuming those opportunities are out there and they  and again they sort of meet your return requirements. How should we think about that?
Scott Stubbs: Well, we have $287 million already this year that weve closed or under contract to close on the acquisition side. So I guess we have gotten back to the levels you had spoken about, and then we have our other growth activities. So if we keep go into the year, I dont think this will ever happen and by nothing, because the pricing doesnt make sense, it would destroy value and not create value, then well do that. If we have an opportunity to place $1 billion, because its a accretive to our shareholders, then well do that. And its incumbent on us to be aware of all the transactions to manufacture transactions, to structure things that create value for our shareholders. And I think if you look historically, what weve done and the volume weve done and how successful its been, I hope that gives you some confidence that well continue to [Technical Difficulty] in the future.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Thanks so much.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Ron.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I will now turn the call back over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer for closing remarks.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Jenny. Were very happy to achieve 5.6% FFO growth this quarter. Thats very meaningful accomplishment for us, particularly in a quarter where we have negative same-store NOI growth. And we do this through improving store performance both inside and outside the same-store pool and creative external growth and capital light activities. But none of this is possible without the jeans at the stores and here in our corporate office and at the call center who work really hard all the time, who exhibit our values, who work as teams, all managing through the pandemic. And I wouldnt want to end this call without acknowledging the hard work of all of our teammates. Thank you much, and I hope everyone has a great day
Operator: That does conclude todays call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-05 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q2 2020 Extra Space Storage Inc., Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today Mr. Jeff Norman. Thank you. Please go ahead sir.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Oren. Welcome to Extra Space Storages second quarter 2020 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the Companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the Companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, August 5, 2020. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Jeff, and thank you everyone for joining us on today's call. The second quarter presented unique challenges to our country, our industry, and Extra Space. I am incredibly thankful to our employees to help to continue to operate our stores, service our customers, grow our company, strengthen our balance sheet and to do all the day-to-day blocking and tackling, that allows us to optimize our performance. All these good work was done in unusual and sometimes difficult working situations and often with added personal and family stress and uncertainty. It is said that crises does not create character, but reveals character. And I could not be prouder of the character the Extra Space team has shown during these past several months. This quarter also presented a stark reminder of racial injustice in our country. Approximately 40% of our teammates are black or other people of color, and I am proud them recruiting, developing and retaining diverse talent that's been a focus of our company for many years. It is not a new initiative. However, the tragic events of the last two months reinforced to me that Extra Space is a values-driven company with a great inclusive culture, we can do better. In response, we have enhanced our existing diversity and inclusion initiatives and have taken several concrete steps to improve as a company. These steps are consistent with our company values and I am committed and our response will not be limited to making statements or temporary steps, but we'll be continuing and substantive. Turning to our performance in the second quarter. Most importantly, we were able to grow FFO in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. We have started to see several positive trends on which Scott will provide further detail. Our platform is able to find and capture high-value customers. Rentals have normalized and vacates remain muted. As a result, our occupancy is at an all time high and prices have begun to move in the right direction. Where we can, we have resumed more normal pricing, operational practices and auctions. However, these positive trends should not obscure the macro and industry specific risks we still face. There are still uncertainties with respect to the course and length of the virus, its economic impact and its effect on consumers and their willingness to pay for storage. While our occupancy is at an all time high, until recently we have not been allowed to initiate the auction process in several markets, which represents approximately 47% of our same-store NOI. As a result at the end of June, approximately 150 basis points of our occupancy is from non-paying tenants due to delays in auction. By the end of July, this inflated occupancy increased to approximately 200 basis points. We are now moving forward with auctions in most states, but due to notice periods, actual auctions in several states won't begin until September, which will be outside of the peak-leasing season for re-tenanting these units. Occupancy has also benefited from lower-than-normal vacant. I do not personally believe that, the moderation in vacates represents a permanent behavioral shift of our customers. Instead, at some point, more historically normal activity will resume and we will see vacates increase, putting further pressure on occupancy, when we may not have our full set of tools available to optimize returns, due to government state emergency orders or regulations. Also the non-COVID headwinds that we had coming into 2020 are still present. While we believe the pandemic has delayed new deliveries and may reduce new projects and planning, properties are still being delivered, and there is still excess inventory leasing up in many markets, which is depressing rate growth. So, while we are encouraged by recent results, there are enough remaining uncertainties and risks that we are not in a position to reinstate guidance. The possible outcomes remain too broad for guidance to be meaningful, depending on how the risks I've outlined play out. We will continue to be transparent on all metrics and answer questions that you may have, and we will continue to work hard every day and remain laser-focused on maximizing shareholders long-term value. And now, I'd like to wish Scott a happy birthday and turn the time over him to walk through some of the metrics that I mentioned.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Joe, and hello everyone. All of our properties are open and have been fully operating since May. We modified our stores by adding plexiglass partitions, stantions to direct the flow of traffic and sanitation stations to provide a safer experience for our customers and our employees. These updates have been effective and as demand started to pick up through the quarter. Our rentals rebounded improving from a negative 35% year-over-year delta in April to a positive 4% rental growth rate in June. Vacates for the quarter were approximately 17% lower year-over-year, resulting in strong occupancy growth, which went from a negative 60 basis point year-over-year gap at the end of April to a positive 100 basis point gap at the end of the quarter. At the end of July, this has expanded to 150 basis points. However, this increased occupancy came at a price. Our average achieved rate for the quarter was down approximately 17%. and as Joe mentioned, our quarter end occupancy was inflated by 150 basis points from non-paying customers. In May, we restarted our collection efforts, which have been successful. Accounts receivable less than 60 days have dropped back to historical levels; however, due to the delayed auctions and in key states such as California, New Jersey and New York, we are still working accounts receivable greater than 60 days through the system. Today, accounts receivable greater than 60 days as a percentage of rental income are running approximately 325 basis points higher than historical levels, and we have recognized a loss on aged accounts receivable based on estimated collections. All of these factors together with temporarily pausing existing customer rate increases in March, April and May will continue to drag on revenue growth in the back half of the year. While street rates and rental activity have improved significantly, it will take time for the impact of May and June's lower achieved rates to flow through to revenue. And we do not anticipate positive same-store revenue growth in the second half of the year. While we are being proactive with controlling expenses to offset lower revenue, we will continue to have expense pressure from payroll, property taxes and marketing expense. Property level performance will continue to be challenged in the back half of the year, but we are finding success in other parts of the business and have strengthened our balance sheet. We continue to find ways to grow externally and to accretively deploy capital in the self storage space. We have closed 52 million in bridge loans year-to-date with another $170 million under agreement to close in 2020 and 2021. In July, we purchased a $103 million senior mezzanine note at a discount with an anticipated yield to maturity of 6.1%. Our third-party management platform provides capital light growth, providing management fees and tenant insurance driving non same-store income. We are also vigilantly pursuing acquisition opportunities and will act swiftly when we identify transactions that we believe add value to our shareholders. We continue to strengthen our balance sheet with the addition of a new $300 million revolving credit facility and the closing of a $425 million private placement transaction during the quarter. Funds from the private placement transaction will be taken through delayed draw to pay-off our convertible notes and will increase our weighted-average debt maturity. As Joe mentioned, we haven't been immune to the impact of COVID-19 and the pandemic has had and will continue to have an adverse impact on our business. That said, it is good to be in storage and our company is well-positioned to navigate the current landscape. Our team has a track record of consistent high-level execution, and we will continue to find ways to provide value to our shareholders regardless of the economic climate. With that, let's turn it over to Oran to start our Q&A.
Operator: Yes, sir. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Rick Skidmore from Goldman Sachs.
Rick Skidmore: Hi. Good morning, Joe and Scott. Scott, can you talk about the Company's bad debt policy and how you think about expensing? And what the amount was a in the quarter that you expense? And how you think about the accounts receivable greater than 60 days going forward? Thanks.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Rick. So our bad debt has historically run at 1.6% to 1.8% of our revenue. During the quarter, our bad debt expense was about 50% higher than that. And that primarily has to do with the older accounts receivable and the things that have gone to auction. Our policy is to reserve for the majority of all accounts receivable that are 90 days or more past due. So much of what's in the 60 days and certainly almost all of what's in the 90 days or more past due has already flown through bad debt.
Rick Skidmore: And then maybe just shifting Joe to supply growth and talk about supply. What are you seeing in terms of perhaps delays in supply growth and deliveries and which particular markets do you see that supply growth particularly challenging currently?
Joe Margolis: So, we do see delays in delivery of new product. One of the reasons -- well, we did have a good quarter with respect to new properties taken into our management platform, it was a little less than anticipated because some projects were delayed and won't be taken on until later in the year, but we absolutely are both experiencing and seeing delays and new products being delivered. The markets that we're concerned with are still the same markets that we were concerned with before. It's the Texas and Florida, Boroughs of New York City and some markets like that. There really COVID hasn't changed the markets that are faced with supply versus the ones.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rose from Citibank.
Smedes Rose: I wanted to ask you this a little bit more about the existing customer rate increases. I think in June you provided an update where you were able to increase rates in 27 out of 40 states in which you were operating. What is that now? And I guess what percentage of customers are have been, or are expected to receive rate increases, maybe you could just talk a little bit about the acceptance rate what you've seen so far as you push out rate increases for those who can get them?
Joe Margolis: So, there's six states now where we're prohibited from issuing existing customer rate increase notices, and a few of those States, we have some meaningful exposure to, and then there's another 14 States where our ability is limited to a certain percentage and in some case that percentage is so high, it's a meaningless limit. So far as we have re-instituted existing customer rate increase notices, we have not seen any change in behavior. We've not seen increased move out in response to those notices. Although I would also caution you it's something we're closely monitoring and we're probably still early in that game. We're interested to see what happens when the additional unemployment insurance runs out factors like that. So something we're watching closely, Smedes.
Smedes Rose: Okay. And then could you just talk a little bit more about the mezz loan that you mentioned that you purchased is that backed by a portfolio of assets and kind of, how are you thinking about that kind of loan to own, or just to get the yield or maybe a little more color there?
Joe Margolis: Sure. So it's absolutely a portfolio of 64 self storage assets. You know, they're in markets that overlay our footprint and as with any loan we make, if we end up having to own the assets, we're fully capable of operating them and adding value, and that's not a negative experience for us. So, we are always looking for opportunities to smartly invest our shareholders' money in creative position with the good risk posture. Our position in the first year is about $53 a square foot. So we feel pretty good about that. We think we're getting a fair return and we're very comfortable with the risk posture of the investment.
Operator: And your next question comes from Mr. Jeff Spector from Bank of America.
Jeff Spector: Thank you. Good afternoon. Appreciate Joe, your balanced comments in your introductory remarks and just trying to think about many of the lessons you learned during some of the worst months we seen, let's say, March, April into May and recognizing of course the risks in the coming months. Would you do anything different in the coming months, let's say, if the reopening or closings continue versus what you initially did?
Joe Margolis: So, I can't tell you we were perfect. We certainly did things and learned lessons that we will apply in the future. One thing that I will tell you that a company like Extra Space that has a large portfolio has an advantage is we don't have to guess too much things. So as we were going, was we were faced with many of these new situations. We very quickly tried different things in a test basis in several hundred stores and learned what worked and what didn't. So we didn't have to make kind of final decisions for the whole portfolio. And that was very beneficial, because we were faced with new customer situation, new customer behavior. We were able to quickly get to what performs best. And we'll certainly take those lessons with us in the future, and also take our testing culture and approach to new situations with us as well.
Jeff Spector: And, again, just thinking about the comments, in particular the risk of, with your auctions, and a lot of them, let's say happening in September outside peak leasing. I mean, we've heard other sectors, people comment that this year that maybe there's no peak leasing, maybe there's just steady leasing, maybe there's even pent up demand. Like, again, I'm just trying to get a feel for your comments. And I totally respect and get the comments that we need to be cautious here. There's still a lot of risk. I think expectations coming into the year, by the way, we're pretty low. But I mean, do you think that there actually was peak leasing or is this just, could the fall surprises?
Joe Margolis: I agree with you, I think we don't know. I think we're in a new situation. And we don't know, if there will be steady leasing if there is pent up demand or if we'll see the more traditional leasing patterns. And it's one of the reasons we're uncomfortable providing guidance on what's going to happen for the rest of the year, because there are these unknowns.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mr. Todd Thomas from KeyBanc Capital Market.
Todd Thomas: Just first question. Following up on the bad debt expense, Scott, you've indicated that historically, the reserves 1.2% to 1.8% of revenue, so 50% greater this quarter and incremental 80 to 90 basis points of bad debt. Is that going to trend higher in future quarters or will that normalize beginning in third quarter as you work through some of the options and delinquencies?
Scott Stubbs: So, we would -- I think July will be a little bit higher, but we would expect it to normalize going forward. And what we're basing that on is, if you look at our zero to 68 ARs, they're backing historical norms, they're not continuing to grow. So assuming that continues, that trend continues those 0 to 60 become your 60 plus, if they were not paying. And so, the fact that they've gone back to historical norms, hopefully, everything else goes back to historical norms from here. So by the end of July, you've recognized majority of your bad debt related to this.
Todd Thomas: And then the delayed auction activities, that's causing that, this inflated sort of physical occupancy. Have you started getting back in it at all or with notice periods, as you mentioned, is that process really just beginning now? And then as we think about the auction activity is increasing in the months ahead. Is that going to result in an influx of rentable units and effective sort of increase in supply coming back to the market over the next few months? Or is that not the right way to think about it?
Joe Margolis: So, we have, one of the negatives of the delayed auction is the opportunity costs to nothing ever get the unit back. So we actually absolutely will try where we can to work with our tenants, and make some arrangement where they turn this, the unit back to us, so we can we can have it. But the majority of the units have to go through the auction process. We won't get them back until late in the third quarter. And at that point, we'll have to return to them. And kind of similar to Jeff's question earlier, we'll see what the environment is done to do so.
Todd Thomas: And then can you just comment on what the recovery rates or I guess the collection rates have been like on the ARs here. Are you seeing bigger, right off and you have historically. Is there any information you can share on that?
Scott Stubbs: Todd, our recoveries have actually been slightly better than the historical norm. No. We'll see if that continues, but that's been our experience so far on the auctions that have happened.
Todd Thomas: What do you attribute that to?
Scott Stubbs: Some of these people might just be choosing not to pay and so they may just be paying late versus having a true problem. I don't know for sure. That's some of our speculation.
Joe Margolis: One thing we see across other asset classes is when the government tells you, you don't have to pay, or the government tells you there's no penalties, if you don't have to pay. Some people just choose not to do so.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mr. Samir with Evercore.
Samir Khanal: Scott, as we think about the headwinds we're facing now and you've talked about the occupancy being inflated 200 basis points, 225 basis points of AR, which could potentially be bad debt. Is this a set up to a quarter or third quarter where things are going to get worse before they get better? Or do you think the second quarter is sort of a trough and revenue growth. And then there's sort of enough tailwinds where we start to see improvement going into the back half of this year? Where things are still negative but less bad?
Scott Stubbs: So first of all, I think just to clarify one thing that AR the majority of that has a large majority of that has already been written off. So you basically reserved for it in the second quarter, once they hit that 60 to 90 days, especially the 90-day accounts receivable have been reserved for. So we don't expect that to be a negative in the third quarter to the degree it was in the second quarter. We do expect those units coming back online to be a potential headwind for us.
Samir Khanal: And what about it just kind of following up with tailwind, you think there's enough sort of tailwinds here to see some improvement in revenue growth where things are going to be less negative, or that's too early to say right now?
Scott Stubbs: I mean, we always hope for and we have confidence in our team in our systems that we're going to get every dollar we can optimize performance, but I would tell you there's enough uncertainties in macro economy and other factors that we can't say for certain now.
Samir Khanal: Okay. And I guess just another question for me, and I know this was addressed a little bit earlier on ECRI, but just maybe a little bit more color, California is well documented with what's sort of a 10% max or increase in that, and I think some of the other states and municipalities have applied restrictions as well. But what do you think -- how should we think about sort of the push backs you were getting from states and municipalities? And it's not really a question for this year's growth, but as we think about maybe growth in the next year, how should we think about growth from the ECRI perspective?
Joe Margolis: Well, we would hope that, these restrictions would be lifted and we can go back to our normal operating practice with prospective ECRI auctions. But, we don't control that. So, our job is to control what we can control and maximize performance and follow the line in other place.
Scott Stubbs: Samir, the other thing I would maybe add there is, they're not necessarily additive in a normal year, but in a year like this, where they are going to be below average, if you have certain states that either don't allow them or allow them to a limited amount, it does make it difficult to continue to grow your revenues, especially for customers who came in at a level significantly below street rate. It's difficult for us to move them more quickly to the average rate there.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mr. Ryan Lumb from Green Street Advisors.
Ryan Lumb: Thanks. Joe, last quarter, you said that, you were likely to seek good number of distress, maybe see about deals or stores in some stage of lease up coming to market, given the stress in the market. Given what appears to be at least some improvement in demand in recent weeks, do you still anticipate the same volume of distressed assets, coming to market maybe this year or next?
Joe Margolis: Yes. I think, there's going to be a number of stores that were not stabilized that the owner or the lender or the equity investor is going to force some type of capital event. So I would say, yes.
Ryan Lumb: Okay. And then, I think you've had mentioned in the past that operating changed so dramatically in March and April that, many of the rules or relationships that govern sort of revenue management system were either sort of less effective or not applicable to very human environment and the approach to revenue management had to sort of temporarily be reworked. I'm just curious any color would be great. To what extent has you approached your revenue management sort of returned to normal, or are we still operating in sort of a different and trying new things?
Joe Margolis: I guess part of my answer is I would say it Extra Space, we're always trying new things. We're always testing, innovating, trying to make the tools a little sharper and seeing what works. As I said earlier, I think we've learned a lot through this experience, some of which may be the permanent lessons and some may just be temporary. We are seeing more return to normal in terms of customer behavior. So for example our walking traffic has improved significantly. And that's an important metric that we look at and govern some of our behavior.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Mr. Mike Mueller of JP Morgan.
Mike Mueller: A couple questions and I've had phone issues, so I apologize if this was addressed earlier. First, can you disclose if you have already, what the rate is on the most investment that you made? And then second, if you're working C of O deals in the market today, have you seen any meaningful changes to pricing?
Joe Margolis: So, we have not approved a new C of O deal certainly in 2020, maybe even for 12 months. I'd have to think about that, but we have certainly not approved a new C of O deal in 2020. The just, pricing doesn't seem to make sense for us now. The rate, the base rate on our note is 5.5% and the yield to maturity is 6.1% on the C of O deal.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of a John Kim with BMO Capital Markets.
John Kim: I think Scott, you mentioned in the external pressure on payrolls, which I thought was interesting, just given the unemployment rates. But I was wondering you can comment on that as well as the potential ability to more permanently alleviate this cost with either touch of leasing or available employee hours?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So, the payroll cost comes, the pressure on payroll comes more from a tough count from last year. Our payroll was actually very low last year in wonderful quarters, I believe we were negative. So, its the tough comps, is the main comment there. In terms of what we're looking at and, we think our managers are important, we think they're an important part of the sales process. We're always looking for opportunities to go touch less and deliver our customers the product in the manner that they would like to consume it. So, the example I would give you is pre-COVID. I think most people enjoyed working with a manager like their managers they were very successful in leasing units. Since this has happened, we've gone to a touch less process where your Managers are involved via telephone. And we have expanded that even further where they can do a complete rental online at 3 am with no manager involvement, and that's at, I believe, about 1200 of our stores as of today. So we continue to evolve that.
John Kim: Okay. And you also mentioned that you are actively or more actively pursuing acquisition. I was wondering if you can elaborate on how pricing has moved and if you're seeing more interesting opportunities in newly developed products, stabilized assets, or more potential mezz investments.
Scott Stubbs: So I'll clarify in my remarks. I didn't mean to give the impression we are more actively pursuing acquisitions. We're always pursuing acquisitions. We're always looking for ways to smartly grow this company. And we're lucky to be in a great capital position where we have plenty of capital of all different sorts to pursue any acquisition that we think makes sense. The acquisition market has been somewhat muted in terms of things coming to the market and particularly things that seem to make sense for us. But we're always trying to find smart ways to present a good risk profile for us to grow the Company. So whether that's acquisitions, acquisitions adventures, reinvesting in our existing properties through expansions, a bridge loans, buying the mezz loan that we just bought. We're just going to try to be smart allocators of capital So I don't think pricing has moved for stabilized properties, and there's not a ton of cost out there, but if you have a stabilized self storage asset, it's going to attract in a good market. It's going to attract they're very low cap rate because people understand the stability of cash flow that comes from the self storage assets, rates are low and the alternatives are, are not as good. So I think, cap rates are still low. What is much more difficult to say is on a lease of asset. Ones view of the Cap rate depends on one's view of the timing and rate on which you can lease up that store and people can have very, very different views of what that is. And I would say pricing is uncertain.
Operator: And our next question comes from a Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: Two quick ones from me. One was just going back to sort of the bad debt. I know the apartment peers variations geographically. Just curious, when I think about States like New York, New Jersey California, was there any sort of notable differences there versus sort of the average of the portfolio or any other color you can provide?
Joe Margolis: Some observations we can make. We are seeing higher AR at stores that are in markets with lower household income and also at stores, if there's more cash paying customers as opposed to credit cards. But the biggest impact is if you kind of get the trifecta of lower household income, lots of cash paying customers, and you're in a state where we can option that's where we have the highest.
Ronald Kamdem: Got it understand. The other question was, we're hearing a lot more about theme de-urbanization, people moving from urban to suburban and curious when you think about your portfolio, are you seeing that translating into potentially more traffic or more demand on the margin for your suburban versus the urban part of the portfolio or its just too tough to tell.
Joe Margolis: So I would say we're seeing good demand across our portfolio. And if there is that trend, it is probably too early to tell. But one of the advantages of having a broadly diversified portfolio across a lot of primary and secondary are urban and suburban, however you want to characterize them growth, Mark, you know, we should be in a good balanced position to benefit from that if it occurs.
Ronald Kamdem: And you've mentioned July occupancy did you provide July achieved rates as well?
Scott Stubbs: We did not -- let me just kind of give you a little history of the rates through the quarter and how they progressed. Negative 10% in April, negative 20% in May, misses are achieved rates, negative 16% in June, and then July and achieved rates were effectively flat. Now, that sounds great if you don't put that in context, and the context I would give you is 1 July was an easy comp. Last year, we actually dropped rates in July to increase our occupancy. And then two we've seen a shift in channel in July, where we've seen more tenants coming walking in and renting an effective through our highest camp, it's a highest price channel. So we're encouraged by July and especially the trend of going from being so negative in May to being flat in July, but I think that probably helps that will context there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Rose from Citi.
Michael Bilerman: It's Michael Bilerman here. Joe, you made the SmartStop preferred investment last October 150 million which had a $15 million add on future. Did you invest that in the quarter? Or do you have plans to buy October, which I think was the one year timeline?
Joe Margolis: So, that's a decision SmartStop will make we can't force them to take that money, they have the option to take that money.
Michael Bilerman: And your discussions with them will make that likely or unlikely, would you, which way are they going to draw that capital and do you have any sort of details and how the portfolio is trending?
Joe Margolis: So SmartStop would be the appropriate folks to ask if they want to take the capital and I don't want to speak for them. And we do monitor their portfolio. And I think they're a mirror good manager and they're performing similar to other good managers in the country.
Michael Bilerman: And how do you, when you look at the competitive landscape. What are you seeing from the larger institutionally owned platforms versus the smaller operators and what sort of opportunities but also challenges? Does that present and still a pretty dispersed set of owners in terms of the competitive landscape?
Joe Margolis: It's a difficult question to answer, Michael, because there's not a lot of clarity as to how some of the real small folks are behaving. Really don't know what their occupancy rate sensors are until, they want to sell it and you can take a look at their financials. In general, when we see smaller operators either, because they want us to take over management of their stores or because they're putting their store for sale, we can do better than they can. It's just as simple as that. We can run the stores better, we can throw them up more, and we can get higher rates. And I don't think that has changed at all because of COVID. If anything, I think maybe because more customers are now accessing stores through the web, our advantages may have improved.
Michael Bilerman: And then you said the yield on the mezz was in the five with a six one yield to maturity. Where you stand within the capital stack? And if you could talked a little bit about the per square foot sort of value, but can talk about the capital structure that the yield -- and I recognize rates are low, but they yield for mezz seems light. So maybe you can just talk through the dynamics a little bit.
Joe Margolis: Yes. So, I can't really talk about capital status. The question I would ask, right -- it's a great question. What percentage are you? But, I can't really talk about that because I want to talk about part valuation of the portfolio. But if you think about self storage in a $53 a square foot number, it will tell you, we're in a pretty secure, very secure part of the capital stack. So...
Michael Bilerman: So maybe just talking about that capital structure, without giving us the equity value, maybe just talk through how much debt is there? Is there other sort of loans that are outstanding, just to understand the pieces that are in front of you or behind you?
Joe Margolis: So, there is about $100 million dollar first, there's our piece, and then there's a junior mezz of about $82 million, and then there's the equity. So, our loan to value is much lower than a traditional mezz where you would expect to see a higher interest rate.
Michael Bilerman: Right, 82 of junior. So this thing's got to fall pretty dramatically for you to be in ownership position versus just getting repaid.
Joe Margolis: Correct.
Michael Bilerman: But you got to blow through that $82 million of junior mezz.
Joe Margolis: That's correct.
Michael Bilerman: And then, is there anything on the valet storage side that you've witnessed sort of during this pandemic? Is that increased at all? Are you finding that an increased competitive source at all, as people want to maybe just store their goods and let someone else grab it from them?
Joe Margolis: I would not say, we seen an increased competition from valet during the pandemic. We've not observed that.
Michael Bilerman: I certainly would want them to come into my home, but I just didn't know whether there was just given the movement of people, whether that was being used by others.
Joe Margolis: Yes.
Michael Bilerman: Thank you very much.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Michael.
Michael Bilerman: Alright, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Hughes with Raymond, James.
Jonathan Hughes: Hey, good morning out there. On the external growth front, have you guys looked at any large portfolios lately, or just one-off? I know you mentioned you always look at extra growth opportunities. We did see a big portfolio transact recently curious if you looked at that one or if it's more of a focus on the one-off opportunities.
Joe Margolis: We're an active acquirer every year of storage, and because of that, we're brought and we see every opportunity in the market. We underwrite them all. We look hard at them and we think that we can acquire in a creative fashion, we'll try to execute, and if not, we'll let it go. So, I feel confident saying that, we see and analyze everything that's out there.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay. And then can you quantify NOI exposure to those six states that are prohibiting the rate increases? Is that similar or maybe identical to the I think 47% of NOI under option restrictions?
Joe Margolis: It's much less than the 47%. I'm looking at the states now. I don't have a number for you. We can get back.
Jonathan Hughes: Yes.
Joe Margolis: We will get that number to you.
Operator: And our next question comes from a Mr. Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: Just wanted to ask about new supply and kind of the pipeline, I guess the macro data still shows it being relatively elevated and kind of the future pipeline still high as well. So I'm just curious if you kind of think that that data is accurate or kind of overstate and what do you think it really takes to see the pipeline materially come down? Because I know, some of the starts and completions got delayed. But, it still seems like there's new projects going in, which sort of seems hard to think that they tenfold today but just curious on your thoughts moving forward?
Joe Margolis: Yes. So, macro data is always interesting. But it's important to remember that we're in a very, very micro market business. So, you know the facts, it's much more interesting where the stores are going than how many of them are going. So, if development turns off in a market that has been over supplied, that marker will recover, even if the macro data shows development is in other markets. So we see them macro data that's available it is a little overstated. It is also subject to delays. Even in non-COVID years. There's been substantial delays, I think they don't take projects off their list to get killed as quickly as they could. It's not a criticism. It's hard information we get. But I'm not disagreeing with your point that we're still in the development cycle, there still are going to be projects that are going to be delivered and it's still something we're going to have to operate through in many markets.
Steve Sakwa: And I guess just maybe as a follow up, I mean, when would you expect kind of, I guess a sharper fall off of new supply in your sub markets? Is that more like the back half of '21 or we really looking more like at 22 at this point?
Joe Margolis: I think it's going to be a gradual decline in deliveries across all markets is supposed to develop, it's going to fall off a cliff and there'll be no more development anymore.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen at this time we have no further questions. Mr. Joe, would you like to have any last remarks?
Joe Margolis: Yes, so thank you everyone for your interest. As I said earlier, we have some headwinds. We're battling through them. We will control, we can control and focus our efforts on enhancing shareholder value, regardless of what gets thrown at us. I hope everyone in their families are well. We will get through this and we want a better time soon. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you very much for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-07 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norman - Vice President, Investor Relations Joe Margolis - Chief Executive Officer Scott Stubbs - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Mike Mueller - JPMorgan Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Ronald Kamdem - Morgan Stanley Parker Decraene - Citi Ryan Lumb - Green Street Advisors Steve Sakwa - Evercore Todd Stender - Wells Fargo
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Extra Space Storage Inc. First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today Mr. Jeff Norman, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead sir.
Jeff Norman: Thank you Daniel. Welcome to Extra Space Storages first quarter 2020 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, May 7, 2020. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning and good afternoon to everyone and thank you for your interest in Extra Space. Before I discuss the first quarter and the balance of 2020 I would like to make a couple of introductory remarks. First, I understand that every one of us has had our daily routines interrupted, stress put on our lives and may have dealt with the illness of family and friends. I sympathize with the difficulties everyone has endured and greatly appreciate the professionalism, positive attitudes and support shown by everyone on this call. At times of crisis reveal our true nature and our industry can be very proud of itself. I hope you and your loved ones are well, healthy and managing through this. Secondly, I'm frequently asked what makes Extra Space different or special. In response I describe our portfolio, our operating and technology platforms and most importantly our people. While all of these have performed well during this crisis it is our people, particularly our store managers, who have really stepped up and delivered in an extraordinary manner. All of our employees regardless of role or region of the country have adapted quickly to changing operating procedures and requirements and have gone to great efforts to keep our stores open and our customers safe and all of this was done while they were under the same personal stress and worry that we all are feeling. I could not be prouder of the people who make up Extra Space and feel extremely lucky to be part of such a great team. I know that whatever challenges lie ahead this team will strive to optimize performance while upholding Extra Space's values. With respect to performance, Q1 was a strong quarter. Even with the impact of COVID-19 in the latter part of March property revenue for the quarter was in line with expectations and same-store revenue growth was 1.9%. Core FFO per share growth was 6.9%, $0.04 higher than the top end of our guidance. We continue to see strong external growth through third-party management with 48 stores added to the platform and in bridge loan activity. External growth through acquisitions is currently muted as we patiently wait for opportunities that present attractive risk reward metrics. Our balance sheet is in great shape. We have been in contact with all of our lenders and partners and we are very comfortable to we have sufficient capital options to satisfy upcoming maturities as well as having additional capacity to be opportunistic if attractive investments become available in this unusual environment. We are proud of our strong start to the year and while we are fortunate that we have been able to keep our stores open, execute new leases and continue to provide our customers access to their belongings, we certainly have not been immune to the impacts of COVID-19. The financial impact of the changes to our operations caused by the pandemic such as the decision to pause auctions, temporarily suspend existing customer rent increases and a reduction in rental activity due to stay-at-home orders create a wide range of possible FFO outcomes some of which fall outside of our initial guidance. While we considered simply revising our annual guidance range we recognized that in order to provide accurate guidance one key driver impacting all primary revenue assumptions is the timing of lifting stay-at-home orders across the country and subsequent customer behavior. We are encouraged by the activity we see in markets like Detroit, Salt Lake City and most impactful to our portfolio multiple California markets where rental activity is improving but the uncertainty of when other major markets like New York City will reopen and how customers will respond in such dense urban markets reduces our performance visibility for the balance of the year. Therefore, since these key factors remain unclear and will vary from market to market we do not believe it would be prudent to provide guidance that would reasonably capture the full span of possibilities. It would also encourage us to produce guidance that may be overly cautious in order to include even remote possibilities. However, we believe it is important to be transparent with the information that we have to help our investors understand our company and the sector so they can make informed decisions. As we provide point-in-time metrics we urge you not to lose sight of the big picture. It is still a very good time to be invested in storage. Demand for our need-based product while temporarily slowed will continue. The life transitions that have made demand so durable in the past will continue. The advantages over smaller operators with our diversified portfolio, sophisticated platform and top-notch team are still in place. Our balance sheet quality is better than ever and external growth opportunities will likely increase going forward. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott to walk through some of those metrics in more detail.
Scott Stubbs: Thank You Joe and hello everyone. To understand our current operating trends it is helpful to have some context as to what has taken place over the last few months. From January of this year until early March we further expanded our positive year-over-year occupancy Delta to 90 basis points while also increasing achieved rate. By early March our achieve rate for flat is slightly positive on a year-over-year basis. Beginning in mid-March stay at home orders caused a gradual reduction in rental activity. This was partially offset by increased college student rentals. However, as more orders were issued across the country the reduction in rentals and vacates increased significantly. Rentals were down 35% to 40% for the 30 days from mid-March to mid-April partially offset by vacates which were down approximately 25% during the same period. Over the last 15 days of April, rental velocity improved with 25 of our top 30 markets experiencing an increase in rental velocity compared to the previous 30 days. While rental volume has been down it is primarily due to lower walk-in traffic which is expected. Web traffic remains steady indicating that people are still looking for storage. Occupancy as of April 30th was 91.1% which is 60 basis points lower than this time last year but still very healthy. To give you some context occupancy at the end of the first quarter in 2008 was 84.1%. Our ability to acquire customers is significantly better today than leading up to the financial crisis and we believe we'll be able to continue to drive traffic to our properties and to maximize revenue. In April achieved rate for new rentals were down approximately 10% year-over-year. In March, we postponed sending existing customer rate increases which is having an adverse impact on our revenue growth. As municipalities lift stay-at-home orders we are resuming rate increases market by market. We collected 93% of rent in April and this is down approximately 5% on a year-over-year basis for the same store pool due to increased accounts receivable and causing auctions. It is important to note that these levels were attained without making collection calls for aggressive following up with past new accounts from mid-March until the end of April. We have resumed these practices in May and we expect accounts receivable balances to decline. As Joe mentioned while we haven't been immune to the impact of COVID-19 our company is well positioned to navigate the current landscape. Our team has a track record of consistent high-level execution and we will continue to find ways to provide value to our shareholders regardless of the economic climate. With that let's turn it over to Daniel to start our Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi everyone, this is actually Alua Askarbek for Jeff today. Thank you for taking my questions. So just wondering if you could give any expectations or color on the third-party management platform in the near term? Are you expecting to see that to continue to grow or have you seen some declines in interest in the past few weeks? Anything on that would be great.
Joe Margolis: Sure. Thank you for the question. So we had a great first quarter for our third-party management platform. We added 48 stores. We saw 18 stores leave the platform. So a net increase of 30. We added 12 in April. We had scheduled to add 19 but we're seeing some delays and one trend that we are seeing is that we're seeing less interest from new development as new development waned but more interest from owners of existing leased stores. So we expect to continue to grow that platform and have a very positive year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then just one quick question, just your commentary on the share repurchase program. are you guys planning to continue that right now or do you think that's going to be paused for a little bit? 
Joe Margolis: We are proud that we are good allocators of capital and I think you can see that historically if you look at the timing of when we were heavy in the acquisition market, when we participated heavily in new development through C/Os and when we pull back and when we issued equity. Buying back shares is another allocation of capital decision and we will continually consider it in comparison to our other investment options.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Parker Decraene with Citi. Your line is now open. 
Parker Decraene: Hey, it's Michael Bilerman here. I wanted to ask you some on the occupancy side. The 911 at the end of April does that include the tenants that are in there but on delinquent status or I guess there's an economic occupancy or not?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. The occupancy as of the end of April does include all tenants that are in our properties and it includes about 20 basis points of occupancy for the month and a half of paused auctions.
Unidentified Analyst: And then from a collectability standpoint, can you share anything I guess, so far in May, I don't know how much you have on autopay versus actual physical check?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So our autopay is about 65% of our tenants so almost two-thirds of our tenants are on autopay. So those continue to pay automatically. It's that other about 90% of our customers pay with a credit card and that other 25% are the ones that typically call in each month with a credit card or we reach out to them. So the month of May as well as question for the month of April we'll start reaching out to those tenants if they have not paid. So we're expecting to collect a large portion of those ARs that are current, 30 days.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thank you Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Hello out there. You talked about reinstating the existing customer rate increase program some like market by market. Can you give us a kind of broader scope of how much is coming back online and how much you expect have come back online by end of the year?
Joe Margolis: So we will resume in and are resuming our existing customer rate increase program market by market as they open up subject to governmental restrictions on that. So whether we can have it fully resumed by the end of the year is totally a function of when markets open up and government activity and frankly it's one reason we don't have enough transparency to give guidance.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And do you think as you open up certain markets, do you think the demand from people who couldn't use it that will come back out and start using sale stores will be greater than perhaps of people who were waiting to pull out their belongings from those storage units? Which one do you think will kind of went out when market start to open up?
Joe Margolis: So we don't have a ton of data and I don't want to give you kind of what I think. So what I can tell you is based on the last two weeks of April. In 25 of our 30 markets we saw improvement in rental activity while vacates stayed flat. Now that's two weeks. We are encouraged by that but we're being patient to see how the situation plays out over time.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thank you Kim
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Metz: Hey guys, hey Joe just for clarity the move out activity you were saying was flat on a year-over-year basis here. So no additional churn from that kind of activity. But just to clarify.
Joe Margolis: No, vacates, there was no change in vacate activity from say mid March to early April as compared to the last two weeks of April where -- if you look at mid March to early April on the rental side to the last two weeks of April there was significant improvement. So it's not year-over-year, it's how things are changing as we get deeper into this situation.
Jeremy Metz: Got it. Okay. So there may still be some pent up move outs in that. All right. So I was just wondering if you could talk the expense side a little bit? Any opportunity to mitigate some cost we should be thinking about and I guess on the other side I guess there isnt probably on taxes at this point and in terms what's the latest on marketing? I'm guessing that's still the main tool you're going to be using to help drive demand here. So should we expect understand an elevated level or even perhaps increase here in the second quarter?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. if you look at the first quarter and look at which expensive line items were elevated the ones that pop out to your payroll, marketing and then property taxes I think property taxes are pretty close to what we are expecting and we expect them to be somewhat elevated but as if revenues fall then you potentially get some reprieve but that typically lags by as much as a year or two. In terms of payroll part of the reason it is elevated in Q1 this year is it's a tough comp. Q1 last year we actually had negative 4% payroll growth and so very difficult comp. We would expect payroll to continue to be elevated more at inflationary call at 3% to 4% but not necessarily at that 7% range. We did not see a benefit from lower staffing or anything of the sort in the first quarter as we continued to pay our employees as our stores were open. The last one is really marketing and our marketing expense in the first quarter is elevated partly due to a tough comp from last year. So we started increasing our marketing spend in the second quarter of last year and it was elevated throughout the year and we continued spending at that elevated level into the Q1 of this year. So Q1 of this year had a very tough comp from last year and we expect to continue to use marketing this year but I don't think you'll see the elevated spent quarter over quarter for the remainder of the year that you saw in Q1 of this year.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. And then last one Joe, you guys have always been pretty acquisitive and on the on your opening remarks you mentioned being positioned to be opportunistic. I guess opportunities arise, I guess when we look at supply that's in the markets already been weighing on fundamental before they should look at the potential drag here from the pandemic into the busy season. I guess how big is your actual appetite to take on additional lease-up in the form of potential distress opportunities?
Joe Margolis: So we are lucky in that we are not constrained by capital. So between internal capital sources and partners capital we can take advantage of any opportunity that makes sense. So the limiting factor in my mind is going to be are there good deals that we can appropriately understand the risks and get rewarded for it. If we can identify those deals we have various sources of capital to execute on them and not limited by some target number
Jeremy Metz: All right. Thanks for the time.
Joe Margolis: Thank you Jeremy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc. Your line is now open. 
Todd Thomas: Thank you. First question, just following up on the comments made around rentals in the 25 markets where you're seeing improvements sites. I think your comment was that move-ins in the final two weeks of April or higher compared to the prior 30 days so the mid-March to mid-April period. Can you comment on rentals during the last two weeks or 15 days in April and what that was on a year-over-year basis?
Scott Stubbs: I am sorry. I am not sure I followed the question. 
Todd Thomas: I think your comments around rentals improving in 25 of 30 markets you commented that you're seeing improvements. I think that was relative to the prior 30-day period and I'm just curious if you can help us understand how move-ins rentals trended on a year-over-year basis just against the down 35% move-in activity that you saw, that you spoke about just so we can understand sort of the trajectory and kind of the trend and magnitude of rental activity?
Joe Margolis: Okay. So I apologize for making you repeat that. So I'll give you a couple of examples and maybe that will help you. And if I'm not answering your question let me know. So take San Diego for example. From mid-March to early April San Diego we were down 31% in rentals. In the last two weeks of April we were down 1%. So that's significant improvement. We saw similar improvement in Los Angeles, Sacramento, Dallas and that's encouraging to us. The flip side of that is if you look at Washington DC and that kind of  Washington to Baltimore Corridor we saw no improvement. We had the same experience kind of early in the crisis as we did in the last two weeks of April.
Todd Thomas: Okay. That's helpful. So in some of the markets those 25 markets or so where you're seeing improvements are in San Diego on a year-over-year basis rentals are almost flat?
Joe Margolis: San Diego, yes.
Todd Thomas: Okay. Got it. And then look I understand the environment is unpredictable today but normally you'd be gaining occupancy at this point in the peak leasing season and it's falling backwards understandably in March and then at the end of April. Do you think it's possible that you might not see sequential occupancy improvements at all from April levels in May, June or July during this peak leasing season or would you expect to see some occupancy improvements over the course of the next couple of months?
Joe Margolis: So I think it's important to remember that occupancy is not our goal. Our goal is revenue and occupancy is one tool along with rate and advertising spend and discount and if we can maximize revenue by driving occupancies up then the system can do that. If we can maximize revenue by losing a little occupancy or staying where we are then this system can do that.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And just one last one for Scott. Following up on the existing customer rate increase program if we think back to the original guidance how much of the 0.75% to 1.75% same store revenue growth that you forecasted was attributable to rate increases and I guess some of that growth is really earned in for the year. So customers that received increases in 19 and also early this year that do not leave. So how much this year's revenue growth was from the ECRI program and how much of that do you think could be impacted in 2020?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. so I think that's really the difficult question and one of the reasons we pulled guidance is one is the occupancy in the summer as well as how long are we on pause in terms of our existing customer rate increases. In terms of historically how is it added it actually is added between 10 and 30 basis points to our annual growth rate. It's not a significant driver because we do it on a year-over-year basis. Now where it could hurt you this year for instance is if we have to pause these for months on end. Now if this pause happens for a month or two it's obviously impacts us but it's much less than if we pause them for five or six months and so that's obviously one of the big reasons why we elected not to update our guidance and pull our guidance..
Todd Thomas: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. I wanted to just ask a couple of quick questions. Scott, I wanted to clarify I think you said that in April rates on new rentals were down 10%. Is that correct?
Scott Stubbs: That is correct.
Steve Sakwa: And could you just maybe give us some comparison -- maybe what was it in the first quarter and any sense as to how you think that may trend kind of moving forward? Have achieved rates dropped further to create perhaps a bigger gap moving forward or have street rates kind of held firm?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Start of the year we were slightly negative on our achieved rates. By the 1st of March we were slightly positive. So they were trending in the right way before the stay-at-home orders and before the outbreak of the COVID-19. In April, we were negative 10%. I think that we will continue to adjust rates and marketing spend as we look to maximize revenue. So rate is obviously always a factor. We will continue to test to try to figure out the best rate but if rentals stay down, if occupancy stays down and our model shows that rate is the best thing to adjust we will adjust rate.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And then maybe a question for you or Joe, just on your kind of lending program, I'm just sort of curious the activity level and opportunity that you see and I guess any distress kind of brewing on kind of lease-ups and when might those manifest themselves in opportunities? 
Joe Margolis: With respect to the lending program we see increase in opportunities, as I guess other for one thing other lenders have gone to the sidelines and more owners are seeking a bridge to better times. So last year we did nine loans for a $104 million gross. This year we closed three and approved 10 for $133 million  $134 million and we have a very strong pipeline. So we see the loan program is a good growth opportunity for us.
Steve Sakwa: And then just anything on the distressed side in terms of kind of C/O deals or lease-ups kind of not performing well and do you think that some of those might manifest themselves acquisition opportunities this year? Do you think it kind of holds off into 21?
Joe Margolis: I think we will see those opportunities this year. It's a little early to say that there's been a flood of those but I think there is stress in the market and we are going to see a good number of those opportunities and we'll look at each of them individually and see if we think it makes sense for us.
Steve Sakwa: Great. Thanks. That's it for me.
Joe Margolis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Lumb with Green Street Advisors. Your line is now open.
Ryan Lumb: Hi thanks. Are you able to share what the paid search trends have been like so far in the second quarter all of this sort of assuming that online traffic has fallen in recent weeks? 
A - Joe Margolis: So I would not assume online traffic has fallen in recent weeks. It's actually been pretty steady throughout this and costs have been fairly flat.
Ryan Lumb: Sure. So that to assume that conversion rates have fallen a bit? 
Joe Margolis: Correct.
Ryan Lumb: Interesting. Okay. And then last question, has there any changes been made to compensation for store level employees in light of recent events? 
Joe Margolis: So we have a great team out there and we pay our managers above minimum wage and give them incentives to sign leases and when the crisis hit we first took all necessary steps to keep them safe. We originally closed our stores and we're doing no contact leases. We're in the process of going to kind of phase two of that with Plexiglass protection and being able to open our offices but and we provided paid time for people whose stores were closed by government mandate. We provided some relief pay for employees who were ill or had to take care of loved ones. So we feel we did the right things by our employees. We did not need to pay them more or issue hazard pay or something like that to keep them engaged in working and we've recently done a survey and continued to have over 80% positive engagement stores from our work force. So I think they've done a great job through this and it's been beneficial to us to develop such a great work force and have such great relationships with them and that's benefited us through this crisis.
Ryan Lumb: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Joe Margolis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. 
Todd Stender: So thanks guys. Hope you're all well. Can you talk about your collection strategy right now? Just under normal conditions, I think the threat of having the tenants property auctioned off pretty quickly keeps tenants in check but without that or if you, I guess if you soften that stance right now, how do you balance that collecting versus showing some degree of flexibility?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. so we obviously are going to try to focus on our customer first and so our decision to do this was very customer focused and recognizing that they're feeling some strain as they're staying at home, as you've had people stick around them a lot of fear and so our decision was to move away from auctions to pause those and then also to move away from collection calls. We did do some reminder calls letting people know but starting the first part of May as things open up we are moving back to auctions. So as States open up following the State mandates we will open up auctions with it if it's allowed. We will try to work first to pay to vacate a unit. So you'll try to work with a customer to take get whatever we can to have them vacate versus moving to auction. It's a better experience and we will now begin more of a collection call versus a collection reminder or a payment reminder where you are calling now and instead of saying your rent is due we saying your rent is due and do you have a credit card. So just a little bit more proactive in that manner.
Todd Stender: Alright. That's helpful and you're still acquiring C of O deals, some wholly owned, some JV. You probably were using your underwriting methodology as of a couple months ago. So has anything changed? Would you be expecting a longer duration to get to a stabilized occupancy at this point? Any changes on maybe the underwriting?
Joe Margolis: So we have eight C/Os in our pipeline for to close in 2020 and 2021. Five of those will do in joint ventures which both reduces our exposure and increases our return through management fee and tenant insurance. Our underwriting evolved as the development cycle got deeper and there was more new competition in these markets and certainly if we saw a new deal now we haven't approved one since COVID-19 but certainly if we saw one now I think it would be very hard for us to approve -- underwriting approved but underwriting would change as well.
Todd Stender: Thank you. 
Joe Margolis: Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you Todd.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Mueller with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Mike Mueller: Yes. Hi. Coming back to the April rents being down 10% year-over-year, I just want to clarify that you did say before that at the beginning of the year, they were modestly positive. Is that the right comparison so before this they were mostly positive and now about down 10% in April? Was that correct? 
Joe Margolis: Correct. They were slightly negative at the start of the year. By the 1st of March they were slightly positive and then down about 10% in April.
Mike Mueller: Okay. And how did the actual move-in rate to dollar amount compared to the dollar amount moving out? 
Scott Stubbs: So if you look at our current in-place rent versus the rents that are moving in, there is a negative that always depends on the time of year and in the summer months that negative amount is different than in January, February. Now the other thing I would caution you on when you compare those is that assumes that everyone moves out on average whereas we see more churn much -- more churn in our short-term customers. Our median length of stay is about six months versus a average length of stay of everyone that's moved in and moved out of about 16 months. And so if you look at someone who moved in five months ago and they are the ones that move out it is much different than someone that moved in and moved out two years ago or three years ago.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay. And I guess on the bridge loans can you just talk about the pricing what sort of rates are you achieving on that?
Scott Stubbs: So our whole loans are currently priced LIBOR plus 400 to LIBOR plus 500 with the LIBOR floor I think this smallest floor was 50 to 150 basis points and then the return to Extra Space is based on as we sell or place a piece or the first piece return starts our LIBOR plus 900 plus in addition to that we manage the properties and get tenant insurance.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thank you
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey just two quick questions for me. One was on sort of the opening comments about sort of the college students in 1Q just curious what percent of the portfolio is exposed sort of those college students then? Is there a way to sort of quantify what that benefit could be 1Q or even in other market they're clearly may be more exposed than others? Any color there would be appreciated. 
Joe Margolis: Yes. So our portfolio has low teens in terms of exposure to college students. So it's 12% to 15%. In terms of the benefit from those students the effective we got an extra month or two from them and you're talking 1/12th or 1/10th of 12%. So it's really not impactful not a big benefit.
Ronald Kamdem: That's helpful and then the second question was just sort of a similar but moving on sort of the small business and the business customer. Just how are they faring? What are you hearing from them? How is this environment sort of impacting them? Thanks so much.
Joe Margolis: Sure. Thank you. We really don't have a lot of data to show any difference in behavior in our business tenant. So I think it's just a little too early to tell but so far they seem to be behaving just like our retail tenants.
Mike Mueller: Okay. That's it from me.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from Parker Decraene with Citi. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. It's Michael Bilerman again. I guess just taking out in the last comment I'm surprised that there isn't a bigger difference between the business and just the straight customer individual because I would have thought a lot of businesses event people may be storing things. There's no events going on, so then may be the [indiscernible] but I would have thought there would have in a higher level of delinquency and you're maybe business side versus your individual side?
Joe Margolis: Yes. Michael I can't tell you what we're going to see but we're pretty early in this. We are one or two months in and can the business pay 150 bucks for a month to see if they can hang on or do whatever. So far we haven't seen it. I don't know if we will see it in the future. I don't know if government checks are helping but we just don't see that yet.
Scott Stubbs: They often will be on auto pay also Michael and so it could be later that you see something like that. So we just have not seen it at this level yet. A lot of them are sole proprietors too.
Unidentified Analyst: Right, and I guess the May collections -- the May has there been any difference in what you're seeing in the first five days of the month versus April?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Ours is a little different Michael in that we're anniversary dates. So we've really only seen five days or a small portion of the month whereas many operators are first a month. So they get a better idea of collections early on. So ours is a very small sample size.
Unidentified Analyst: Right. Now is there anything in that 500 basis points of people who didn't pay? Are you able to break that down by region on the type of unit by whether there was -- how much of it was the lack of being able to do an auction just getting more granular on the people who didn't pay your rent.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. We break it down by 0 to 30, 30 to 60 and 60 and greater and the ones that we typically cracked and we're more aggressive on are 30 plus day one. 0 to 30 most of those pay. We also have been lenient --
Unidentified Analyst: [indiscernible] where they are right. So of that delinquency was there any regional impact? Was there any type of unit impact large units versus smaller units? Just trying to get more granular on your national portfolio or certain regions like what's going on in California, where the moratoriums, no evictions have told people -- consumer trends not have to pay?
Scott Stubbs: The biggest trend I would tell you would be more cash payments versus credit card payments, meaning a store that is 95% credit card obviously is going to have less delinquencies than somewhere that is 60% cash payments and those typically are, we have obviously fewer of those stores but that's probably the biggest trend I'd point to.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just thinking about the cadence of same-store NOI in terms of its components of revenue and expenses and I totally understand of why you'd want to pull guidance given you're in a short lease duration sector and there's a lot of uncertainty and you don't want to be too aggressive nor do you want to be too conservative but the industry just from an occupancy perspective is at a very different level because the industry has moved their occupancy levels up higher than they've ever been before, right. And even you go back to the GFC, you guys are running in the mid 80s, low to mid 80s. PSA obviously pursuing a hierarchy strategy was in the low 90s; all industries now in that low 90s and I know part of that's just an operating side of things and all of it was a greater adoption too but there is an element from same-store NOI perspectives, just trying to frame how negative it can be. And so we've been through two recessions in the last 20 years, you were sort of high single digit declines in the early 2000s. It was called mid-single digit declines year-over-year on a quarterly basis, coming out of the GFC. Is there any goalposts that you can share with us especially given the fact that when you came into this you're only thinking same-store NOI is going to be 1% this year or I'm sorry 25 basis points this year and I recognize you did better in the first quarter but are there sort of things you can at least give us some goalposts on how we should be thinking about this?
Scott Stubbs: We can point to the last downturn where we saw 2.9% decrease in same score revenue growth. Our occupancy went down about 270 basis points. There were similarities in that downturn going in you had at we were coming on a supply run. Last time we're on we've had a lot of supply recently. There's also differences. I mean this one going in is much more severe, we stopped I think everybody stopped rate increases very quickly whereas during the last downturn we continue to do rate increases throughout. So there's similarities and differences and it's very difficult to frame and that's why we pulled the guidance.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is a follow-up from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. This one isn't that question but I know Joe you guys have prided ourselves on your culture and your employee engagement. So it's actually good to see that actually translated into something quantifiable which is typically never quantifiable. And my follow-up question, you guys have typically talked about tenant turnover being about 6% to 7% per month but a lot of times it's the same space turning over. So you can't just take that number times the Street rate but when you take a step back and you account for the same space turning all the time, what is the effective turnover rate in a quarter and what is the kind of effective turnover rate in a year that we could apply the change in Street rates too?
Scott Stubbs: I don't know that we've ever done the effective that math on an entire portfolio and it's going to be very different for a stable property versus a new property. I mean, a new property doesn't have any long-term tenants versus a property that's 20 years old. It could have some tenants that have been in there since day one. So an older property has much lower turnover than new property.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. I see. And can you just talk about the New York City market? How much different was New York City compared to your portfolio average that you saw in April in terms of operating metrics?
Joe Margolis: So New York City, New York MSA, New York City had negative 1% revenue growth compared to the portfolio of 1.9%. So it has been for several quarters and continues to lag behind the portfolio.
Scott Stubbs: The other thing I would add Ki Bin is they were more severely impacted by the rentals, the decline in rentals as their stay-at-home orders were more strict than some of the more suburban markets that we've seen.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thank you. Thank you for your comment Kim Bim. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Joe Margolis for any closing remarks.
Joe Margolis: Thank you all for your interest in Extra Space Storage. I wish everyone and their families well and healthy through this difficult time and I'm sure we'll all talk soon. Thank you again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-19 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2019 Extra Space Storage Inc. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your host today, Vice President of Investor Relations, Jeff Norman. Sir, please go ahead.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Latiff. Welcome to Extra Space Storages fourth quarter and year end 2019 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, February 19, 2020. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our 2019 fourth quarter and year-end call, and thank you for your interest in Extra Space Storage. We delivered solid results in 2019 despite significant competition from new supply and for external growth. Our same-store occupancy ended the year at 92.4%, the highest year end mark since 2015. Our same-store revenue increased 3.5%, NOI increased 2.9%, and core FFO growth per share increased 4.5%, demonstrating the durability of our diversified portfolio and the progress of our platform and team. We had impressive external growth, acquiring 47 stores with an additional 177 stores added to our third-party management platform. The majority of these stores were new to the platform, meaning we brought a new property into the system every 1.3 business days on average. We also found other innovative ways to enhance our external growth, including redevelopment and net lease transaction with W. P. Carey, a preferred equity investment with SmartStop and the launch of a new bridge loan program. All of these efforts helped Extra Space invest approximately $650 million at attractive, risk-adjusted returns. The fourth quarter not only marks the end of another solid year, but an incredible decade of performance. Over that time, we grew our store count by more than 1,000 stores, an increase of 137%. We developed proprietary technology that helped us optimize performance and consistently outperform our peers. We delevered our balance sheet and achieved a BBB stable rating from S&P. Most importantly, Extra Space Storage provided the highest 10-year return to shareholders of any publicly-traded REIT and the eleventh highest of all companies in the S&P 500 regardless of sector. We are proud of the growth we experienced over the past 10 years and the value it created for our shareholders. We appreciate the support of our investors, lenders, and partners who contributed to our growth and success over the past decade. We also acknowledge the vital contributions, hard work, and dedication of over 4,000 employees who made such performance possible. The culture and values of this team led us to be named in Top 100 Best Place to Work by Glassdoor out of over 1 million companies. While we are proud of our accomplishments and while we believe it is important to celebrate our past successes, we are even more focused on the future. Most of the headwinds faced in 2019 will continue to be present in 2020. The supply cycle we find ourselves in will continue to dampen performance, but it is moderating and will reverse. But even while in the depths of this cycle, we are in an incredible business marked by high occupancies, increasing customer demand, longer average lengths of stay used by all age demographics, no real disruptor on the horizon, and an increasing advantage of the large operators over the mom-and-pops. The stable and increasing cash flows we have all enjoyed continue to be a hallmark of Self Storage. We are committed to leveraging our experience, our technological sophistication, and our diversified portfolio to continue to provide solid returns in 2020 and in the decade ahead of us. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Joe, and hello everyone. Our core FFO for the year was $4.88 per share, ahead of the high-end of our guidance. The beat was primarily attributable to lower interest expense and income taxes. During the fourth quarter, rental and tenant insurance revenue were in line with expectations. Revenue growth was primarily driven by achieved rate growth and higher occupancy with lower discount usage also providing a benefit. Same-store expenses were elevated due to increases in property tax, marketing expense, and payroll. We continue to be pleased with the quality of our balance sheet and our access to all types of capital. After obtaining our BBB credit rating from S&P, we now qualify for improved pricing on our credit facility that will lower interest expense going forward. Last night, we provided guidance and annual assumptions for 2020. Our new same-store pool will increase by 42 stores for a total of 863 stores. We expect the change in the same-store pool to benefit our revenue growth by only 10 basis points or less over the year. We experienced gradual moderation in our same-store revenue growth through the end of 2019 due to new supply, and expect that moderation to continue into 2020. Same-store revenue growth is expected to increase 0.75% to 1.75%. 2020 same-store expense growth is expected to increase 4% to 5%. We do not expect as much pressure from property taxes and marketing expenses in 2020, but we do expect them to continue to be outsized. The projected increases in property taxes are heavily weighted to Florida, Illinois, New York, and Texas. In addition, we anticipate higher payroll expense due to a difficult 2019 comp. Our revenue and expense guidance results in same-store NOI growth expectations of negative 0.5% on the low end of the range to a positive 1% on the high end. For 2020, we expect to invest $230 million in acquisitions, approximately $55 million of which is closed or under contract. We also expect to invest an additional $60 million in bridge loans. Our guidance assumes external growth will be financed with net operating income and debt. As always, we are committed to being disciplined, but we will be opportunistic and innovative in seeking additional ways to grow externally. We have plenty of liquidity and capacity and will proactively pursue accretive growth opportunities as they become available. Our full year core FFO is estimated to be $4.99 to $5.08 per share. In 2020, we anticipate $0.07 of dilution from value-add acquisitions and an additional $0.13 of dilution from C of O stores for a total dilution of $0.20, down $0.03 from 2019 levels. With that, lets now turn it over to Latiff to start our question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Spector of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jeff Spector: Great, thank you. If we can talk a little bit more please about your same-store revenue guidance for 20 over 19. I think Joe talked about moderation, but can you talk  and again continued pressures from supply, but can you tie the comments and discuss that a little bit more?
Joe Margolis: Sure. Thanks, Jeff. So, we have been discussing revenue growth moderation and a soft landing for several years now, and we experienced a decline as moderation in revenue growth in 2019, but it was somewhat delayed from our initial guidance. It was somewhat later in the year, and that was likely due to delays in the delivery of new supply. Our 2020 guidance indicates continued revenue growth declines, but at a moderating pace over the year. And by the end of the year, we believe it will be flat.
Jeff Spector: Okay. And then I guess again I am just trying to think about the guidance versus previous comments about supply and peak supply in your markets. I think you were estimating for that to be 18, and I know you werent willing to say peak pressure in 19, so obviously that pressure continues into 20. But I guess can you then provide more color on your supply forecasts for -- in your markets?
Joe Margolis: Sure. So, we do still believe we experienced peak deliveries in 2018 and that deliveries moderated somewhat in 2019. We see a more significant decline in deliveries in our markets in 2020 by about a third. Now that assumes some assumptions as to the same push rate or delay rate in 2020 than [ph]2019, but we do see a greater decline in deliveries in our market significantly greater in 2020 than 19. But that being said, as you hinted at, the impact is accumulation of the supply from the past 3 plus years. And thats why we are still fighting through this development cycle, although we are seeing the light at the end of the tunnel.
Jeff Spector: Okay. If I can ask one follow-up then, I guess again tying those comments to, you mentioned you expect less pressure from  on the marketing spend or marketing spend to stabilize, which was much higher in 19 than we initially thought. Does the lower revenue forecast have anything to do with a company decision to spend less on marketing or nothing?
Joe Margolis: No. First of all, thank you for that question. I think its important that we be clear about what marketing spend is. Marketing spend is akin to an investment. When we choose to spend marketing dollars, we are doing so because we can track a positive ROI on those dollars, and marketing spend is less than 3% of revenue for us. So, it doesnt have a giant impact when you have a high margin business and you can generate rentals by that spend. That being said, our 2020 budgets do have a moderate increase in marketing spend. We will see and feel a greater impact of that increase, excuse me, in the first quarter due to a bad comp with first quarter 2019, but we do have a moderate impact over the life of the year. And frankly, if we end up spending more than our budgets, say we do, its because we chose to spend that money and we believe its going to have and we know its going to have a good return.
Jeff Spector: Okay, thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Jeff.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Can you talk about those Street rates and promotion trends you saw in the quarter and up to January, February?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Ki Bin, this is Scott. So, we continue to use promotions to attract customers, but its pretty similar to what we have done throughout the entire year. The quarter looked a little different, because its when we lapped our current discounting policy with how we did things last year. So, discounting had less of a benefit in the fourth quarter than it had for the first three quarters of the year. Our discounting trend in 2020 is assumed to be very similar to what we did in 2019. If you look at rates in 2019, you probably need to start at the first of the year. At the first of the year, we had low-to-mid, single-digit rate growth and our occupancy fell. So, by midyear, we were about 50 basis points below year-over-year in our occupancy, and we made a decision to be a little bit more aggressive not only in marketing spend, but also in our  on our rate. So, starting with July 4, we ran a special where we dropped rates 7% or 8% during the month of July and primarily related with that special is when we started doing that. And we would tell you it worked. The additional marketing spend, and the lower rates in July caused occupancy to jump. We then pushed rates up throughout the remainder of the year and finished the year close to flat. So, we were slightly negative on our achieved rates, but our occupancy grew by about 140 basis points from the end of June through the end of the year, so that combination of increased marketing spend and lower rates caused occupancy to grow, and towards the end of the year, as we pushed rates back up to closer to flat, we continued to maintain that occupancy and actually expanded it a little bit.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And implicitly in your guidance, I know its not just one lever, because everything is kind of related, but what is implicitly in your guidance for  in 2020 for Street rates and promotional usage, because I am guessing the promotion usage will become a tougher comp in 2020?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Promotional usage we are not assuming there is any benefit or any detriment in 2020 and all of the growth in the 0.75% to 1.75% comes from a combination of rate and occupancy.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Ki Bin.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Smedes Rose of Citi. Please go ahead.
Smedes Rose: Hi, thanks. I wanted to ask you just a little bit about your acquisitions outlook. At least relative to our forecast, its quite a bit lower relative  and where it was last year. And I guess if you could just talk about what you are seeing and maybe why you expect it to come down some and then just on the JV side that looks flat year-over-year? And I think before in your comments you sort of talked about how that was maybe a more attractive risk reward situation. So just wondering maybe if you could talk a little bit more about your expectations on the JV side as well?
Joe Margolis: Sure, happy to, Smedes. So I think its important to recall that we went into 2019 with over $300 million of deals in the pipeline and we are entering into this year with $54 million, $55 million worth of deals in the pipeline. So, we have less kind of  less in the bag that we know is going to come about. A lot of that is due to we significantly slowed down our commitments to CO deals and developments several years ago. So there is much fewer of those delivering now and that turned out to be a good decision. I am happy we dont have more new product being delivered into todays market. On the acquisition side, we see very few least stable good properties, good markets on the market. There is just very few of those. Most of what we see in the market are stores that are in some stage of lease-up and we price those and bid on them, but our view of the lease-up and the future returns of those is less than the market. And frankly, we are not very competitive and we dont rely on being an active purchaser of brokered deals in 2020 just like we werent in 2019 and prior years. So that means we are going to have to get creative and we are going to have to try to talk to a lot of people in the market and see what their needs are and find the capital voids and see how we can use our advantages and try to create deals that produce accretive long-term value for our shareholders. And I cant tell you what that is just like I couldnt tell you in the beginning of 2019 that we were going to do a preferred equity investment or that our bridge loan program was going to be so successful or that I guess we were talking to W. P. Carey at that time, but we didnt know we are going to ultimately get to a deal. So I cant give you specifics of how we are going to grow externally, but I do tell you we got a bunch of smart people who are working everyday out in the market trying to create good deals for us.
Smedes Rose: Okay. And so it sounds like just on the acquisitions front, they are looking at stabilized assets, maybe not much change in already pretty aggressive pricing and just less sort of quality product on the market. Is that a fair kind of characterization of what you are seeing?
Joe Margolis: That is fair. And I apologize, Smedes. I didnt answer your joint venture question. So, we will go out and try to find deals that make sense for us. And once we find those deals, we will then find  we will then determine the best way to capitalize whether its with debt or with joint venture money or some other form of capitalization. And you are correct in todays environment because of the reduction of risk when we are a joint venture partner and the enhancement of returns through management fees, tenant, insurance, and hopefully, promotes and fees someday that joint ventures are more attractive in this stage of the market cycle than in other stages.
Smedes Rose: Okay, great. Thanks for the color.
Joe Margolis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Michael Mueller of JPMorgan. Your question, please.
Michael Mueller: Thanks. Just want to clarify something, when you were talking about moderating revenue growth throughout 2020 and being flat by year end, was that a comment that the moderation would subside by year end or you expect to be fourth quarter 0% year-over-year growth?
Joe Margolis: I am sorry if I wasnt clear on that. No, we do not expect the fourth quarter to be 0%. We expect the decline in revenue growth to have stopped.
Michael Mueller: Got it, got it. And then another question, you mentioned a longer length of stay, can you talk about that today versus say 3 years ago and 5 years ago how different it is?
Joe Margolis: Yes, its low single-digits, but its a very consistent slow increase in length of stay.
Scott Stubbs: Your average today is just over 15 months, your average of everyone that has moved in and everyone thats moved out in terms of length of stay.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay, that was helpful. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, guys. I was just wondering if you kind of look at your call it top 15 or so markets, which ones of those do you think inflect here in 2020 for revenues versus 2019 and conversely, which ones do you think still have some slowing to go? And I guess I am just trying to think of how that gives you kind of confident, Joe and some of the comments are on the light at the end of the tunnel and finishing the year here flat?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Jeremy, maybe starting on somewhere that could potentially hurt us to the downside you are starting with the New Jersey, New York market. Its one of our top three markets and we saw revenue growth slow throughout this year and we are assuming that it will continue to slow next year. So, thats a very big market for us. Another assumption is Los Angeles, Orange County continued to slow and another big market for us on the upside, potentially you saw Dallas tick up this quarter. Not necessarily one quarter doesnt make a trend, but we are maybe optimistic that Dallas has seen bottom. And Atlanta and Miami are other markets that have seen a lot of supply and we are hoping are bottoming out and have potential upside that are both big markets for us.
Jeremy Metz: Alright. Switching gears, just on the loan book, I am just wondering what sort of yields you are getting on those and how the reception has been so far? And if anything it did seem like late last year, maybe the pipeline was a little larger, maybe that was a wrong read, but just how thats going and then received in the market?
Joe Margolis: Yes. No, our pipeline is pretty robust. We have I think about $24 million, $25 million in signed term sheets. We have another $130 million of term sheets outstanding and are back and forth on another $150 million with the loan. So dont know how many of those will hit, but we are very active. There is a lot of activity. The yields on the loans depend on whether we keep the whole loan or involve our debt partner to take the value piece if you will. So if we keep the whole loan, our yields, not including management fee and tenant insurance is 5% to 6%. And if we placed the A piece with our loan partner, our yields are 10% to 11%.
Jeremy Metz: Got it. And last one from me is just on the third-party and just adding stores or platform, you mentioned the frequency with which you are adding them. So how are you thinking about further growing the third-party platform from here. I know in the past you used to take almost any contract to grow and scale the business. But now that youve got scale in many markets, are you turning more down today and being more discerning at this point?
Joe Margolis: I hope we didnt  I hope our guys didnt take any contracts like that. I think you are absolutely right. We are being more discerning today and we are turning away on lot more properties either because of saturation in the market where that property is, because its too big and its too small in some cases, we dont believe in the project. If its a development, we frequently tell people, we dont think they should build it and were not going to manage it if they do. Its  but we still growing that platform at a good pace. We expect to have similar growth this year as last year and we are doing it without compromising our pricing structure. I know when some of our peers entered the business, there was a lot of concern that our pricing structure would have to change to continue to be  to attract the number of new properties that we attract, and it turned out that thats not the case. We are able to maintain our pricing structure and grow at the rate that weve been growing at.
Jeremy Metz: And are the bulk of those still kind of on the development lease upfront, thats the right way to think about?
Joe Margolis: Its probably like 70:30, 70 development and 30 existing.
Jeremy Metz: Great. Thanks, Joe and thanks, Scott.
Joe Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Jonathan Hughes of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Hughes: Hey, good afternoon. Joe, earlier you mentioned continued revenue growth deceleration this year similar to last year, but last years initial guidance implied only 100 basis point of revenue growth deceleration. Your guidance for this year implies a greater than 200 basis point decel. So I am just trying to understand the level of conservatism thats embedded in guidance. And I realize its better to set the bar low and then maybe raise throughout the year. But the outlook given last night just seems, Id say, either concerningly lower or incredibly conservative.
Joe Margolis: So I guess it depends on where in the range you end up with. And we also ended December lower than the full fourth quarter. So  our budgets actually project flatter de-acceleration in 2020 than in 2019.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay, because December was lower than the average for the entire fourth quarter. Okay.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. You started the quarter closer to 3%. And then if you average for the quarter, 2.5%, you can guess that you ended at closer to 2%, which is our starting point for 2020.
Jonathan Hughes: Got it. Okay, thats helpful. And then when you do your budgets, obviously they come in and get rolled up into the overall portfolio. Do you then take that and apply a, say, 50 basis point haircut and thats what is issued as initial guidance or are the ranges given in guidance strictly from the property level budgets with no adjustment from the team in Salt Lake City?
Joe Margolis: So our budget process involves both, as you point out, budgets coming up from the field and also a top-down approach from our Financial Planning and Analysis department. So its both  both have been put into the budgets. We dont have a set kind of deduction. For whatever reason we dont do that. We try to produce guidance that we believe in and that we believe we can achieve.
Jonathan Hughes: So if there is a big divergence between the top-down and bottoms-up, I mean, did you, obviously, go through and reconcile that or do you pick one over the other?
Joe Margolis: No. Their job is to reconcile that.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay, alright. And then last one for me, have you looked at increasing the magnitude or frequency of renewal rate increases since existing tenants are seemingly stickier than ever as a way to offset some weaker move-in rates?
Joe Margolis: So I would tell you one thing about Extra Space is that we are always trying to be innovative, and test new and different things across all aspects of the business, including rate increases.
Jonathan Hughes: Can you give any details on that or is that a proprietary to Extra Space?
Joe Margolis: I dont think Im going to give any details on that.
Jonathan Hughes: Alright. Fair enough. Thanks for the time.
Joe Margolis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Todd Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Todd Thomas: Hi, thanks. Just first question, Joe, back to your comments that revenue growth flattens out late in 2020 that suggests growth might begin to recover in 21 relative to 20. What gives you confidence at this point in the year ahead of the peak leasing season that growth will in fact flatten out or the deceleration will flatten out late in the year?
Joe Margolis: So weve been producing estimates of performance  annual performance at this time of year for many, many years. We have a great deal of experience in how our stores perform during different times of the season. We have, what I think is, a really good track record of at least achieving our guidance and therefore, have a great deal of confidence in the numbers we put out.
Todd Thomas: And does that  thought process, does that include a recovery in move-in rates and also in asking rates sort of across the system nationwide?
Joe Margolis: So rates are, of course, one input into revenue. And in many cases, rates will be the driver of the performance we project, but we have other tools as well that we can use.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then Scott, Im just curious where is the SmartStop preferred the dividend income in the guidance or where does that flow through the P&L, I guess  how is that being treated or accounted for? Is that in interest income or is that somewhere else?
Scott Stubbs: Its  right now, its in management fees and other income. It really is in management fees, but I mean, in other income but we roll it up into that bucket.
Todd Thomas: Okay. So thats included in the $69 million to $70 million assumption for that line, got it.
Scott Stubbs: Yes.
Todd Thomas: Okay. Alright, thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Todd.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ronald Kamdem of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey. Yes, two quick ones from me. Just on  going back to the expense side, on the property taxes, thinking about sort of the total expense guidance and what property taxes are going to do. Can you give us a sense of how much room is there to outperform based on going back to the various counties in fighting taxes and so forth?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So we continue to appeal our major increases, your hard part is with cap rates being as low as they are. Sometimes we dont have a lot of a defense there in terms of values. But we have seen the appeals process being much longer today than it used to be. Some of those actually have to go to court and things like that. So we have appealed things. Our current guidance does not have a significant amount of upside in terms of appeals and winning those.
Ronald Kamdem: Helpful. And then going back to the marketing spend, I think previous quarter, as you talked about some of the public as well as private operators making that environment a lot more competitive in terms of online advertising. Can you just provide any more color on what youre seeing on the marketing spend side? Is there any  is pricing  any room for pricing alleviate or is it getting more competitive, is it sort of the same as last year, just trying to get a sense there? Thanks.
Joe Margolis: We had seen, to use the word again, a flattening in  increases in auction market, if you will and we hope that continues. But the real test will come during leasing season.
Ronald Kamdem: Got it. Thanks. Thats all from me. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Ron.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Spenser Allaway of Green Street Advisors. Your question please.
Spenser Allaway: Thank you. You guys have talked a lot about your guidance for 20 and most of the key levers. But could you just provide a little bit more color around your underlying assumptions regarding new supply? And when you think we will ultimately see the negative impacts from new supply peak?
Scott Stubbs: So, our assumption for 2020 is that supply is down. We are seeing less than we saw in 2019. We still think that supply peaked in 2018. Weve peak impact probably coming in 19 and 20. We saw our rate of deceleration be steeper last year than it is in 2020. So it is all kind of in your definition of when that peak impact is.
Spenser Allaway: Okay, thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Sakwa of Evercore. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Joe, I guess I wanted to go back to an earlier comment you made about not seeing much in this way of disruptors in the industry. And I can appreciate companies like MakeSpace and Clutter right now are reasonably small and have a relatively small footprint, but Im thinking also UPS has kind of thrown its hat in the ring. Im just curious how youre sort of thinking about these different competitors in some of your different markets?
Joe Margolis: Yes. Were certainly keeping our eye on and we are monitoring impact on our stores in the markets that they are active and keeping our eyes wide open. We are not dismissing them. But right now I just dont see it and I dont see huge barriers to entry into those businesses if it turns out to be something that our customers want. I also look at those companies and I see Clutter buying hard assets in New York City. And that indicates to me a change in business strategy and thats usually not a positive indicator.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And then this is really a small technical question for Scott. I just  on the guidance page your 1-month LIBOR assumption is slightly lower than where our current 1-month LIBOR sit. So, are you just looking at a kind of a forward curve that suggest rates are going down, or do you have kind of a different view about the curve or just curious how sort of that assumption was kind of determined?
Scott Stubbs: Its an average for the year and we look at the forward LIBOR curve, which does imply that rates are going down.
Steve Sakwa: Got it. Thanks.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a follow-up from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Just a follow-up on Steves question, did you guys talk about your refinancing plan for $1 billion that you have of debt that is rolling this year?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Ki Bin, so we have $1 billion coming due this year, some of that has extensions. About $700 million is what really needs to get taken care of this year without extensions. The majority of that is a $575 million convert that comes due in the first part of October. We will likely take that out with a combination of some most likely bond offerings and our line of credit, and then terming that out over time. So we will look to be opportunistic on when we approach the market for those.
Ki Bin Kim: And just for simplicity sake, what is the average interest rate that is maturing versus what you would look to refinance that?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So the piece thats coming to $575 million is 3.8%. And our assumption in our model today is closer to 3.25%, but there is  if rates stay low where they are today, there is some potential benefit. And were also looking at more term we are looking at going 10 years versus 5 years.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And just last question I realized when I asked you earlier about January or February rates, I dont think that we heard an answer. Any insights you can share?
Scott Stubbs: So rates are similar to where we ended the year. They are slightly negative to flat. Our occupancy is also  weve continued to have that delta in occupancy year-over-year. So we continue to keep things keep things full and rates are as good as they were at the end of the year to slightly better.
Ki Bin Kim: Alright. Thanks again.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Ki Bin.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, Id like to turn the call back over to Chief Executive Officer, Joe Margolis, for closing remarks. Sir?
Joe Margolis: Thank you. Thank you everyone for your participation today and interest in Extra Space Storage. We certainly understand everyones concern over declining revenue growth and impact of new supply in the market. However, I think its important to step back and look at some big picture items. Even in the toughest part of the development cycle, we project to deliver over 4% core FFO growth, which, given where we are, I would say, is not a bad result. We can do so because we have many tools, including innovative ways to grow to support this FFO growth, and we will continue to explore and execute smart innovative strategies with good risk-adjusted returns. Even with all this new supply delivered, we are at an extremely high occupancy, and this is a direct result of our ability to acquire customers. Our machine works. We have positive same-store revenue growth, even though two-thirds of our property have had new supply delivered in their markets. We have an improved rated flexible balance sheet and access to multiple sources of debt and acuity capital to allow us to take advantage of opportunities presented in the market. And we have been disciplined in the acquisition market. Were not stretching to get deals. We are not buying things just to grow. We are remaining very disciplined and we continue to grow our management plus business without compromising our pricing structure. So, I know we are in difficult times, but I am very excited about our opportunity to outperform in 2020 and beyond. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Third Quarter 2019 Extra Space Storage Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Mr. Jeff Norman. Please begin, sir.
Jeffrey Norman: Thank you, Norma. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's third quarter 2019 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that Management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the Company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the Company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, October 30, 2019. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I'd now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joseph Margolis: Thank you, Jeff. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter call and for your interest in Extra Space Storage. We completed another busy and competitive leasing season. The sector headlines coming out of the summer are the same themes we have been hearing for much of the year. Many markets are feeling the headwind of new supply, and digital advertising is as expensive as we have ever seen it. External growth through traditional acquisitions is challenging due to capital flows into the sector. We also continue to see pressure on multiple expense line items, including property taxes. And despite these headwinds, we had another solid quarter allowing us to increase our annual guidance. As expected, we have started to experience the increased moderation in the second half of the year, which was projected in our guidance. However, our diversified portfolio, sophisticated platform and strong operations team continue to be resilient. We continued our pricing power with in-place customers and have maintained very strong occupancies at our properties. We also continue to actively explore external growth opportunities that present attractive risk-adjusted returns. In addition to our acquisitions, we added five new stores to the platform in New York City through a previously announced net lease transaction with W.P. Carey. We also closed several bridge loans and expect to complete over $100 million in total originations in our first year with approximately $45 million of the balances held by Extra Space. Yesterday, we closed $150 million preferred equity investment with SmartStop with an additional $50 million committed for investment in the next 12 months. The investment has a dividend of 6.25%, which begins to escalate after year five. This investment is senior to a significant amount of common equity and strengthens our ongoing relationship with SmartStop. Our third-party management platform continues to see exceptional growth. In the quarter, we added 42 managed stores, bringing our year-to-date total to 136. Between our third-party program and our JV stores, we have 877 managed stores, with a strong remaining pipeline for Q4 and for 2020. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott Stubbs, our CFO.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Joe, and hello, everyone. Our Core FFO for the quarter was $1.24 per share, meeting consensus but $0.01 below the high end of our guidance. This was due to delays in completion of several solar projects and the related tax credits, resulting in higher income tax expense. These tax credits will be recognized next year once these projects are completed. Rental and tenant insurance revenue outperformed expectations. Revenue growth was primarily driven by achieved rate growth with lower discount usage also providing a benefit. Year-over-year occupancy bounced back in Q3 and was flat at quarter end. Like last year, same-store expenses were elevated due to increases in property tax and marketing expense. We continue to be pleased with the quality of our balance sheet and our access to all types of capital. During the quarter, we accessed our ATM and achieved slightly over $100 million in equity at an average price of $119.30 per share. Year-to-date, we have issued just over $200 million on our ATM. These funds were used for acquisitions and to reduce the balances on our revolving lines. During the quarter, we also exercised the accordion feature in our credit facility. This transaction provided several benefits: first, it reduced interest cost; second, it converted $500 million in secured debt to unsecured; and third, it extended the average term. Subsequent to quarter end, we completed a $300 million 10-year private placement transaction at the rate of 3.47%, further enhancing our unencumbered property pool. Due to our property outperformance year-to-date, we have raised our annual same-store guidance to 3% to 3.5%. We revised our expense guidance to an annual range of 4.5% to 5%. These changes result in annual same-store NOI guidance of 2.25% to 3%, a 25 basis point increase at the midpoint. We are also raising our core FFO guidance to $4.84 to $4.87 per share. Our FFO guidance includes $0.07 of dilution from value-add acquisitions and an additional $0.16 of dilution from C of O stores for a total dilution of $0.23, which is unchanged from our initial guidance. With that, let's turn it over to Norma to start our Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Smedes Rose of Citi. Your line is open.
Smedes Rose: Hi. Thanks. I wanted to ask you just really if you could just talk about move-in rates in the quarter versus move-out rates and the gap there and kind of how that's been trending so far in the fourth quarter?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, Smedes. Thanks. At the end of the second quarter, when we looked at how we're performing, we looked at  one of the things that we've focused on was our occupancy, and our occupancy was down about 60 basis points. And while we're always solving for revenue and trying to maximize revenue, we did a couple of things in the quarter to bring that occupancy back to flat. And so during the quarter, we decreased rates and we increased our occupancy. So we went from being down 60 basis points to being flat at the end of the quarter. And then today, we're actually 10 basis points ahead in October. So lowering rates obviously helps. Now when I talk about lowering rates, I'm saying our achieved rate was actually lower during the third quarter. At the end of the quarter and where we are today is our achieved rates are actually slightly negative year-over-year. Our achieved rates are slightly negative to the tune of low single-digits. 
Smedes Rose: Okay. And then are you thinking about any changes, I guess, in your pricing strategies going forward in order to retain higher-paying in-place customers? Or any thoughts around that?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. No significant changes in our pricing strategy. One thing that will happen in the fourth quarter is we do lose the benefit of our discounts. And so what I mean by that is discounts have provided about a 40 basis point tailwind for us for the year. And in the fourth quarter, we really lap when we change that strategy. And so the fourth quarter is comparable year-over-year.
Smedes Rose: Okay. Thanks. And then Joe, could you just talk about the SmartStop investment? You bought the portfolio from them before. Is this investment a lead up to similar transaction? Or is it just an attractive return?
Joseph Margolis: Hopefully, both. I mean we've had a good and long relationship with SmartStop. As you pointed out, we bought large portfolio from them in 2015. In connection with that transaction, we made a loan to them, which they fully paid back and without default. We managed almost 100 stores for them until they internalized management. So we know this company and these properties very, very well. This was a good investment for us, accretive investment. We're in a very comfortable position from a risk standpoint. And we also feel it strengthens our relationship with the company and hopefully we'll do more with them in the future.
Smedes Rose: Okay. Thank you.
Joseph Margolis: Thanks, Smedes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Shirley Wu of Bank of America.
Shirley Wu: Thanks for taking the question. So my first question has to do with guidance. You've raised both revenue and NOI, but the midpoint of guidance still implies a drastic sequential deceleration in revenues to 1.6 in 4Q and negative NOI for 4Q. So I was wondering if you could provide some more color on the cadence for the remainder of the year. And what does it take to get the high or low end of this guidance ranges?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So if you look at how we performed year-to-date and then how we're performing into October, you're correct, it would take a pretty significant decrease in the fourth quarter to hit the low end of guidance, and we do not feel like that's likely. If you look at our cadence into the fourth quarter, our guidance does assume some continued moderation as well as that loss of a discount benefit of 40 basis points.
Shirley Wu: Okay. Thanks for the color. And my second question, it goes to marketing. So 3Q is up around almost 44%, so could you give us some thoughts on your strategy moving forward as you reflect on what you've seen this year and the effectiveness of the marketing strategy and your thoughts about using marketing into 2020 as well?
Joseph Margolis: Sure. So I think the first thing to make sure we all understand is the marketing dollars we spend have a very good ROI on them that we are spending more money in marketing. We wish we didn't have to, but it is leading to more folks in the stores paying rent, and we get a good return on our marketing dollars. We expect marketing expense to remain elevated. And our job is to make sure we are as smart as we can possibly be with our marketing dollars in terms of bidding on the right terms, in the right places, at the right time and also finding alternatives to Google to drive business to our stores.
Shirley Wu: Got it. Thanks, Joe.
Joseph Margolis: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, guys. Just trying to connect the dots here, Joe, between your comments in the opening about acquisitions being more challenging due to capital flows in the sector. This is something we've been hearing about for a while. And you've still managed to find your share of deals over time, a lot of that came through the third-party platform. So wondering if that's dried up a little here and therefore  even if temporarily and therefore, maybe a SmartStop deal a little more compelling, which, from a return perspective, it's fine at the 6.25%, but when we just compare that to where you've been able to buy and stabilize that and even the same with your C of O deals that has generally been higher, so any color on that?
Joseph Margolis: Yes. Thanks for the opportunity to clarify. First to your last point, I think relative return always goes with relative risk. So yes, this is a 6.25% dividend payment, but it is ahead of hundreds of millions of dollars, significant amount of common equity. So the return may not be as good as doing a C of O deal, but the risk is significantly less. And in this point in the market cycle, we are very focused on risk. So my comments on the introduction about capital flows and difficulty finding deals really focuses on traditional marketed deals. Once the deal gets out to the market and broker has it, and there's many, many bidders, I think it's very difficult for us to be that high bidder and capture that deal. That being said, we've been very active on the acquisition side. Through the end of the third quarter, we purchased $362 million. We've invested $362 million in acquisitions. We have another $52 million  $50 million, $52 million under contract to close this year. We hope to find a couple other deals. In addition, we'll do a little over $100 million in our bridge loan program. We did the net lease deal, which has no capital outplay, but a good return. So while we haven't been able to purchase a lot in the market by having good relationships, buying things from our JV partners or management plus finding creative deals, we've been able to have, what I think is, a good year on the growth front.
Jeremy Metz: Yes. And sticking just with the growth angle here, can you talk about the environment today for the  for C of O deals? You've previously mentioned a void you've seen in funding some lease-up deal, that's why you started the bridge loan program. But you're still seeing a lot of presale-type opportunities or even conversely opportunities to outright purchases of lease-up deals that aren't hitting underwriting or developers wanting to get out?
Joseph Margolis: So we see few C of O opportunities. Part of that is the moderation in development and part of that is our view of the acceptable return level to take that risk of our lease-up store in this environment. That being said, we have  our committee so far has approved five new deals  new C of O deals in 2019, one in Hawaii and a package of four, we'll do a joint venture in Minneapolis  in and around Minneapolis. On the lease-up side, there are those opportunities coming up of partially leased stores being brought to the market. And I believe sellers' expectations versus, I'll say, Extra Space's pricing, there's still some gap there in many instances. But we look at a lot of them and we underwrite a lot of them and we'll participate when we think the pricing is right.
Jeremy Metz: Great. Thanks guys.
Joseph Margolis: Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Sakwa of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Stephen Sakwa: Thanks. I guess the question is really around sort of the decel that you've seen throughout the year and the implied revenue guide was somewhere maybe in kind of the mid- to upper-1s to maybe the low-2s for Q4 which is down from little over 4% in the first quarter. And I'm just, if you think about kind of the exit velocity of 2019 and fourth quarter going into 2020? How do we think about that sort of 2-ish kind of revenue number as it relates to maybe growth all of next year?
Scott Stubbs: So I would tell you, we are in the process of doing our budgets and we're probably not ready to give 2020 guidance. But I think that you have seen deceleration throughout the year, starting the year closer to 4% and then ending this quarter closer to 3% and then some implied deceleration in the fourth quarter. So I think that as we roll up the budgets and take a look at where we are with the supply because I think a portion of the supply that's projected for 2019 will actually push into 2020. And so until we kind of have some of those moving pieces stop moving, it's really difficult to give that number without knowing that. And so look for that in the February call.
Stephen Sakwa: Okay. And I can appreciate that. And just  is there anything in the 2019 numbers, whether it was a same-store pool shift or just kind of any one-time items that may have kind of elevated the 2019 number versus 2020 putting kind of fundamentals aside?
Joseph Margolis: Yes. The effect of the same-store shift is pretty modest. It's depending on how you  if you're looking at the prior year  or the two prior years, it's 10 to 30 basis points. So that really doesn't have a big effect on the numbers.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. I think in the quarter, it was about 10 basis points, Steve. And then if you look on the expense side, we expect property taxes to still be elevated, but hopefully less elevated. We expect them to be above inflation, but we budgeted 5% to 6% for the last couple of years. We're hoping that number is down. We haven't finalized our budget yet, but we're hoping it's more in the 3% to 4% range.
Stephen Sakwa: Okay. And then, I guess, Joe, you made the comment about the Google marketing and trying to find other ways, given just how expensive that channel has become. I'm just curious, what are some of those other options? I mean, have you used them in the past? And how effective were those versus kind of the Google click paid advertising?
Joseph Margolis: So social media is very small now about growing pretty quickly. So that's an interesting avenue that we and others are trying. We actually, in the last quarter, went back to some hard billboards and doing some things like that. So we are trying other avenues, and I think it's way too early to say how effective they will be and what will be the winners and what may not be the winners.
Stephen Sakwa: Okay. And thats it for me. Thanks.
Joseph Margolis: Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Todd Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Todd Thomas: Hi. Thanks. First question, in terms of the price adjustments that you made late last quarter to support the recovery in occupancy. You operate nearly 1,800 stores. And I'm just curious if you saw bigger swings or more volatile pricing from competitors at that time as they look to gain ground and drive customer traffic when you made those changes across the platform?
Scott Stubbs: I'm not sure it's specific to the quarter. I think we've seen people adjusting prices throughout the year and, obviously, very aggressive in markets with new supply.
Todd Thomas: Okay. In terms of discounting, it seems a little bit more less pronounced today than I think we've seen in sort of prior cycles. And you mentioned, it was lower year-over-year. In the quarter, it might smooth out a little bit going forward. But we've heard from others that discounting is down also. Can you explain why discounting appears to be sort of less effective today? Or is that not really the right way to think about it necessarily?
Scott Stubbs: I think its probably not the correct way to think about it. We're typically looking at different strategies and testing. And right now, we have found the marketing spend and then adjusting pricing slightly to be more effective than discounting. Last year, we were more aggressive with discounting, this year less aggressive. And last year, we held rate a little bit better. This year, we've had give a little bit on rent.
Todd Thomas: Okay. So the response overall from discounting, though, it's still there. If you increase discounting, you still feel that you can increase customer traffic to the system?
Scott Stubbs: It's still an effective tool, but we've found some of the others to be more effective this year.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then just last question on the bridge loan program. I was just wondering if you can provide a little bit more detail on the outlook for that book heading into 2020? I think you said $100 million is sort of the volume that you're going to do this year. Would you expect to see that grow in 2020? And sort of what kind of rates are you getting? And how large of an investment? And would you be willing to do with  on the bridge program?
Joseph Margolis: So I would expect the bridge loan program to grow significantly, I would say, at least double in 2020. Rates we get range from plus or minus LIBOR plus 400. So when we started, we thought they'd all be empty stores coming right on C/Os and it turns out we found lots of other situations folks wanted with partially leased stores. So some of those rates are lower. And then I think our highest rates so far has been LIBOR plus 440. So plus or minus LIBOR plus 400. The return to us depends on whether we use our debt partner to take the a piece, if you will, in which case we can be up to LIBOR plus 800, 900 on our piece. And I think the last question was how much will  we will do that. I think that's meant to be seen. The type of volume we're talking about right now is very comfortable for us given our different avenues of capital. But one of the reasons we arranged this program with a debt partner was not only to enhance our returns, but to be able to control how much capital we had in the program. So we have that tools to make sure we're in a comfortable place.
Todd Thomas: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Todd.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Good afternoon. So obviously, expenses are a little bit elevated right now. It shouldn't be a big surprise. But as we lap the higher expenses, comps get easier, mathematically. But should we expect continued inflation in expenses, I'm talking about marketing and also things like property taxes as we get into next year?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, Ki Bin, I would expect property taxes to be above inflation. Hopefully, they come off where they've been in the last couple of years. Marketing, I would expect to be above inflation. And then I think that we will see some pressure on wages, and part of that is because we have such a hard comp from this year, our wages have been very low year-over-year this year, but we don't expect that  us to be able to maintain that.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And I don't want to spend too much time on the SmartStop deal, but the safetyness comment you made, Joe, it also does rely on the common equity being in the money. So I don't know the SmartStop portfolio in and out, but given the vintage of it, do you feel pretty comfortable that the common equity that you're ahead of is actually in the money to a deep degree?
Joseph Margolis: So we do know the SmartStop portfolio in and out. We managed almost all of these stores for a long period of time before they internalized management. And we also know the company very well and have a lot of comfort, both from our knowledge of them and also from restriction, kind of typical market restrictions in the documents of what they're allowed to do as a company and not allowed to do. So we feel very, very comfortable with this transaction from a risk standpoint.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, thanks. And just last question, what type of IRRs do you  are you targeting for acquisitions?
Joseph Margolis: So, we certainly run IRRs and look at IRRs, but it's really not the focus of what we do, right, because of how we underwrite, because to create an IRR, you have to have a whole period and a terminal cap rate. And we generally hold things for a very, very long time. And I can't guess what cap rates are going to be in seven years or 10 years or 15 years. So we look much more at cash flows over a seven-year period and what the average cash flows will be and focus much more on that.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, thank you.
Joseph Margolis: Thanks Ki Bin.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Ronald Kamdem of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey, thanks for taking the question. Just back to the marketing spend. Just a few  is there any more color in terms of how much is the rise basically actually just cost per clicks increasing versus just more usage of the marketing? And is there any broad regions or areas or market where it's maybe even more elevated than the average?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. It's fairly difficult to break down that way. We would tell you, it primarily relates to the inflationary aspect of it and us being more aggressive on our bids and less to do with the additional clicks or the additional rentals from that.
Ronald Kamdem: Got it, helpful. And then the last one was just on  I think there's a lot of talks about technology and upgrading the platform. Is there any low-hanging fruits left on the payroll side? So obviously, you've done a great job of keeping that pretty tight this year, but is there even further opportunities to sort of automate and sort of continue to reduce that line item?
Joseph Margolis: So a couple of things. I think there are always things we can do to improve, to centralize to get more efficient, to have technology perform some jobs. But that being said, I think the wage pressure we're seeing in this country with the low unemployment is going to override that at least in the short term, at least next year. And also, we put a high value on our people, and whether it's the data scientists here in Salt Lake City or the folks in the store who are face-to-face with the customer everyday. And we are a business that has very high operating margins. So the incremental cost of having a very high quality employee in front of the customers versus losing one or two rentals a month, it's to us that's an easy equation. And we want to make sure we have good and high-quality people in our stores. And if that means we're going to see some pressure on the wage side then that's a trade we're willing to make.
Ronald Kamdem: Got it. And then the last question was  I don't know if you provide any updated thoughts on just your supply outlook, maybe nothing has changed there, but just curious how you guys are thinking about it now? Thank you.
Joseph Margolis: Sure. We don't have a lot of new thoughts on supply. We continue to believe that 2020 there'll be some moderation from 2019, but not wholesale falling off the cliff. We'll see some markets that will be in worse positions and we'll see some markets that will be in better positions as they lease up. And of course, with our broadly diversified portfolio, also have exposure to a lot of markets that have never been in the supply headwind situation. So we will continue to have pressures on the supply in 2020, but we're happy to believe and see deliveries starting to moderate.
Ronald Kamdem: Helpful. Thanks so much.
Joseph Margolis: Sure. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ryan Lumb of Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Ryan Lumb: Thanks. Going back to the preferred deal, are there multiple other opportunities on the horizon that are similar to this? And is this going to become sort of a pillar of the capital or asset-light model? Or is this sort of a one-off deal, which is based on the relationship that you guys have with SmartStop?
Joseph Margolis: I would say more of the latter than the former. Similar to the net lease deal, a company we had a relationship with had a specific need in the situation, and we were able to put that hole and fill it. We're not out seeking to start a preferred equity shop. But if another opportunity arose that had similar risk-reward characteristics and provided a good return to us, we will certainly look at it.
Ryan Lumb: Sure. And then last quarter, Joe, I think you said that you don't see any moderation in demand anywhere. Can you just say  is that still your view today? Or  and if there's any sort of market level color on demand, what direction demand is going broadly?
Joseph Margolis: That is still our view today is that demand is very steady and very strong. And all of our challenges are due to supply and not demand.
Ryan Lumb: Sure. Thats all for me. Thanks guys.
Joseph Margolis: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Todd Stender of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Todd Stender: Hi. Thanks. Just on the acquisition front. You didnt buy any stabilize stores in your wholly-owned portfolio, but you've been remained active in joint ventures. Can we just here some of the underwriting metrics, like maybe growth expectations, in-place occupancy and how they are, I guess, adequate for you to invest in, in the joint venture, but not wholly owned?
Joseph Margolis: So underwriting metrics verify market, we would underwrite stronger rent growth in Los Angeles than in Dallas, for example. So I cant give you  we dont have a menu that we pick all of our assumptions off that's creating on a deal-by-deal basis based on the specific submarket opportunity. And we're lucky to have 1,800 stores and have a lot of data about what goes on in these markets. So we feel we can underwrite very accurately. With respect to why do something in a joint venture versus wholly-owned, joint ventures do a number of things for us. One is they spread risk, and if we have smaller dollar investment in a particular asset. Secondly, it enhances returns in a couple ways. One is we get all the tenant insurance on a smaller investment base than 100% owned. We get a management fee and many of them we get the opportunity to earn or promote down the road. So our return levels are higher in a joint venture.
Todd Stender: Thank you. It were these on a slower growth expectation range? I know there's a little more leverage you can add and I appreciate your comments there about how you distinguish, but how about these, in particular or maybe a little more lease up?
Joseph Margolis: So when you say these it puts
Todd Stender: Not the three, sorry. Yes, the three that you acquired in the quarter, just distinguishing why are these went into a joint venture, maybe the slower growth expectations. Any little context you can provide might help?
Joseph Margolis: So these were three assets in Albuquerque, New Mexico that on a wholly-owned basis we didn't feel provided a risk-reward metric that we are comfortable for our shareholders.
Todd Stender: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then just going back to the guidance, just two categories that I think amongst others differentiate you guys from your peers is tenant insurance income and then the management fees. They both increased. Just as a reminder, can we hear anything that you can provide based on margins? How you're achieving these kind of growth for both? Any context you can provide around both? Thanks.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So our management fee business has grown primarily just by adding properties and a large portion of those properties are lease-up assets. So as their revenues go up, our management fee also goes up. Many of them when they come on at day one are just earning the minimum management fee. And so as they start to get more occupied, we, obviously, make more money. In terms of tenant insurance business, as we add properties, we add tenant insurance. We also have the ability to increase penetration. Many of our lease-up stores have higher penetrations just because you have the opportunity to offer tenant insurance from day one versus we typically don't go back and try to increase our penetration with the existing customers.
Todd Stender: And the lease-ups got for that, that's a higher penetration, 7 to 8 out of 10 tenants get it. Is that fair?
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you its a little higher than that. Your overall penetration is just north of 70. And on lease-up stores, it's typically higher than that.
Todd Stender: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Todd.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a follow-up with Smedes Rose with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Hey. It's Michael Bilerman here with Smedes. I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about the competitive environment relative to PSA, in a sense of their bigger focus over the last, let's call it, 12 to 18 months on two fronts. One is on the CapEx front and improving their front door and really investing in the property of tomorrow, their fifth generation? And the second is a really big focus on the asset management and the second being a focus if they hadn't done before on the third-party management business. And I'm just wondering how you've seen any impact from those two relative to the markets that you compete in?
Joseph Margolis: So much more comfortable talking about what we're doing than what Public Storage is doing. We started a seven-year rebranding program to rebrand all of our stores, and we're through four years in that and the vast majority of our REIT stores have now been rebranded less of our JV and managed stores. But we've been putting that type of capital into our properties for a number of years now. And we think we have benefited in terms of performance from those capital investments. And in terms of the management business, Public Storage is a good manager. They know how to run properties. CubeSmart is a good manager. They know how to run properties. We have good competitors on that side. We don't get every piece of business, but we hold our pricing which is more expensive than our competitors because we want to remain a profitable business and we've been able to keep growing this business. We've added 136 stores gross through the end of the third quarter. We've lost 43 stores, but 25 of those 43, we purchased store or became net leases, so they just shifted on the platform. So two quarters, we've added 93 stores. And our pipeline looks very similar going forward. And so while we have good competitors in that business, we're still able to win at least our share of the business.
Michael Bilerman: Right. And I'm not trying to say anything that is wrong for what we're doing. It's just when others in the marketplace do something, right, you can't control the amount of supply. You can control what you build, but you can't control what other people build. And you can't control what competitors. And if you have a competitor that has decided to change the way they're operating, right, and invest a lot of capital in their assets, one would imagine that could have an impact on the entire marketplace and affect all competitors, including yourselves, right. So that's where I was really trying to understand whether any part of this year's performance, you feel has had some impact from the competitive set? And maybe it's not PSA specific, but the market getting better in that sense. It's a tougher environment well for you to compete in?
Joseph Margolis: What I think that's a fair comment. I think it is a tougher environment to compete in, and our competitors don't sit still and they decide to put capital into their buildings or decide to get into the management business or improve their pricing systems or whatever they're doing. And we fully understand that it's not a static environment. And that why we need to get better in everything we do. We need to continue to invest in technology, and we need to continue to refine our pricing systems or our keyword bidding systems. We need to do more data analytics, more testing. And we do that all the time and we don't maybe talk about it enough. But if our competitors are running to catch up, we need to run just as fast as to stay ahead.
Michael Bilerman: Right, it's not faster, which you've done in the past. Back in January, we were sitting in Salt Lake. You spent a lot of time on Optimus Prime and leveraging Google and being able to really target individual search words to really reduce pricing. You talked a little bit about how Google has gotten more expensive. Has your systems not been able to figure out a way to start to cut into some of that increase at all?
Joseph Margolis: I believe they have. I believe our systems are very good at spending money where it has an impact and not bidding on terms if that's the system you're talking about where there's not a very strong return. It doesn't look like it because the increase has been so much but we have been very careful to make sure we're spending money where it has a positive impact. And I think the bottom line trying to proof in the pudding is the results we're putting up.
Michael Bilerman: Yes. Last one just on [valley], you had the UPS announced their initiatives, and I think it was Atlanta and the test market. During the quarter, you obviously have had a mix space partner up with Iron Mountain. Has there been any impact that you see changing in the marketplace from those sorts of initiatives?
Joseph Margolis: We just haven't felt the impact. We look at our small units in urban markets where those valley companies are operating, look at the occupancy and the rents and I don't know if they're getting a customer that that isn't a traditional storage customer or if we're able to maintain our performance in spite of them nibbling at the edges, but we just haven't felt it yet.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. Thanks for the time, Joe.
Joseph Margolis: Thanks, Michael.
Scott Stubbs: Appreciate it, Michael.
Operator: And I'm currently showing no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Joe Margolis for closing comments.
Joseph Margolis: Great. Thank you everyone for joining us today. We're 10 months into the year now, and what is really gratifying to me is I look back, is how the year has played out as we expected. We went into this year knowing we would face headwinds from new supply and then we would have to be nimble and creative to address the challenges in those particular markets. We went into the year knowing that traditional acquisitions would be difficult due to capital flows into the sector and we would have to be innovative to create a creative growth opportunities. And I think we've done that and we went into the year knowing that expecting to have continued growth in our third-party management business. And as we just talked about, we've had a great year in that front. The two surprises we've had this year is the higher marketing expenses. And we've had to deal with that and maintain performance in spite of those increased costs. And the second surprise has been that the moderation in revenue growth is taking longer to occur. And that's benefited us and allowed us to increase our guidance. So looking back over the 10 months, I'm very happy and proud that our systems and teams is handled the environment that the machine is worked, and then we've been able to put up the performance that we have so far, and we expect to for the remainder of the year. Thank you very much for your interest in Extra Space. I hope everyone has a great rest of their days.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jason, and I'm your conference operator today. Welcome to the Extra Space Storage Second Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Jeff Norman, the Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin the conference, sir.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Jason. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's second quarter 2019 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review.  Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today July 31, 2019. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I'd now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Jeff. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter call and for your interest in Extra Space Storage. We had a solid quarter with positive rate growth and healthy occupancy in a competitive summer leasing season. Same-store revenue and NOI both increased by 3.9% exceeding our estimates. This property outperformance contributed to better-than-expected FFO growth of 6.1%, which was $0.02 above the top-end of our guidance. We are pleased with our results in the first half of the year and the success our team and best-in-class platform have had mitigating the impact felt from new supply. In order to achieve this performance, we increased our advertising spend significantly on a year-over-year basis. And we do not expect the increased advertising spend to abate anytime soon. As anticipated, we have seen the timing of expected deliveries slip on many developments. As these delayed projects deliver and begin their lease up, we expect additional moderation in the back half of the year. However, while the market will continue to be very competitive large operators with diversified portfolios and sophisticated systems like Extra Space Storage are best positioned to navigate the supply cycle. We continue to actively explore external growth opportunities that present attractive risk/reward metrics. Widely marketed acquisitions are still very expensive. However, we continue to find success acquiring off-market acquisitions through long-standing relationships. During the quarter we purchased a non-marketed 11 property portfolio in a joint venture structure for $228 million. We also acquired one Certificate of Occupancy project and completed one development for a total investment by the company of $57 million. We have also executed innovative capital-light opportunities to enhance shareholder returns. In the quarter, we closed our first net lease transaction with W.P. Carey, which will include 36 total assets including five New York City assets that are new to our platform. We are gaining traction in our bridge-lending program and our third-party management platform continues to see significant growth. In the quarter, we added 48 managed stores bringing our six-month total to 94 stores. Between our third-party program and our JV platform, we now manage 838 stores with the strong pipeline for the back half of the year. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Joe and hello, everyone. Our core FFO for the quarter was a $1.22 per share exceeding the high end of our guidance by $0.02. The beat was primarily due to stronger-than-expected property performance and tenant insurance income. Revenue growth was driven by increased street rates with lower discounts also providing a tailwind. Year-over-year occupancy declined marginally in June, but we have already seen that bounce back in July and today our occupancy gap is approximately 30 basis points below this time last year. This is in line with our annual expectations. Like last quarter same-store expenses were a mixed bag with increases in property taxes and marketing spend which were partially offset by savings in payroll and utilities expense. We view our elevated paid search and digital spend as one lever to drive revenue growth. However, pay per click advertising is expensive especially, in markets impacted by new supply. Now turning to the balance sheet. We continue to have access to multiple sources of capital and during the quarter, we accessed our ATM and issued approximately $100 million in equity. Subsequent to quarter-end, we completed a transaction that converted $500 million of secured debt to unsecured debt and extended the term. For many years, we have been laddering our maturities and increasing the size of our unencumbered pool to strengthen our balance sheet. The quality of our balance sheet was recently recognized by S&P Global when they assigned a BBB flat rating. This is another step in our overall balance sheet evolution. Due to our outperformance in the first half of the year, we have raised our annual same-store guidance to 2.5% to 3.25%. As Joe mentioned, we still expect moderation in the back half of the year as we feel the additional impact from new supply. We also increased the bottom end of our expense guidance due to elevated marketing spend, resulting in an annual range of 4% to 4.75%. These changes result in raised annual same-store NOI guidance of 1.75% to 3%. We raised our full year core FFO guidance to $4.79 to $4.87 per share, which includes the $0.02 beat from the second quarter. Our core FFO guidance includes $0.07 of dilution from value-add acquisitions and an additional $0.16 of dilution from C of O stores for total dilution of $0.23, which is unchanged from our initial guidance. We believe these acquisitions will provide significant long-term value for our shareholders and improve the overall quality of our portfolio. With that, let's turn it over to Jason to start our Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Scott Stubbs: Operator, do you have our first question with you?
Operator: The first question comes from Shirley Wu. You may now ask your question.
Shirley Wu: Hey, good afternoon guys. So my first question has to do with your revised revenue guidance options. So you raised revenue 40 basis points at the midpoint and that implies a 20 to 30 basis points acceleration of revenues in the second half. So, I'm just curious as to your thoughts on the cadence of revenue growth into the second half. And what would it take to get to the high versus the low point of your guidance range?
Scott Stubbs: Shirley it's Scott. So, without getting into too much detail in the exact cadence here, we obviously decelerated from quarter one to quarter two about 30 basis points. We are assuming that that cadence -- or some sort of that cadence continues into the back half of the year where we continue to decelerate and depending on where you're in the high and the low, I mean it's pretty simple math in order to get there. But without giving guidance as to where we are in that range, I think we do assume deceleration.
Shirley Wu: Okay. Thanks a lot. And so, on the street rates side, you mentioned that you saw slight increases. What were your achieved street rates in 2Q and also maybe quarter to-date into July?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Our achieved street rates during the second quarter were between 1% to 2% and in July, they are slightly below that. But in exchange for that slightly lower street rate in July, we actually did see our occupancy bounce back a little bit, so as our model adjust we did see some benefit in -- with occupancy.
Shirley Wu: Thanks good color. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Shirley.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Metz. You may now ask your question.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, I guess I just wanted to follow up on that last question. As you think about where net effect of rents are and you talked about the occupancy gap coming -- narrowing a bit, but the deceleration you're expecting, do you think that's going to come more from the rent side? Or do you have a plan? You mentioned the tailwind in discounting has been. Do you expect to ramp discounting more here on a year-over-year basis into the back half?
Scott Stubbs: Jeremy, we don't expect discounts to benefit as to the same degree in the back half of the year that it did during the quarter. During the quarter, it benefited us by about 50 to 60 basis points. And then, if you look at our street rates or our achieved street rates over the past year, they continue to soften and those continue to flow through into our current rental revenues.
Jeremy Metz: All right. So it sounds like a little bit of both. So that's fair?
Scott Stubbs: Correct.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. And then, Joe, I was wondering if you could talk about what you're seeing on the acquisition front here. You've obviously been a big acquirer over the years. But just looking at what you have in the supp here, it feels like it's the first time in a while. It doesn't really look like you have much to anything under contract, just curious to read there.
Joe Margolis: Sure, Jeremy. We have about eight assets for $41 million under contract for the remainder of the year, and then a modest pipeline also compared to historically for 2020. And that's a function of how we perceive pricing in the market today. We see there's lots of equity seeking exposure to self-storage. I think people are concerned about a potential downturn in the economy. Self-storage performed well in the downturn of the economy and attracted that asset class it is easy to leverage. So there's lots of equity keeping prices high and we're trying to remain disciplined. And if a particular deal doesn't work for us, we don't think it provides long-term shareholder value good risk/reward metrics we will sit on the sideline with respect to marketed deals. That being said, historically, and certainly in this last quarter we've had success working our relationships and growing without accessing the marketed deals. And I hope that that continues in the future. Sorry for the long answer.
Jeremy Metz: No, I appreciate that. I mean, just given those dynamics that you talked about does it change any thoughts on selling some assets into that strong bid? I mean, you had the one in New York, but maybe some stuff beyond that to capitalize on that bid that you're talking about?
Joe Margolis: Yeah. Certainly, we look at our portfolio at least every year and we try to find assets that we think have lower future growth prospects than we can reinvest in. And when that situation occurs we will dispose off assets.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks, guys.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Thomas from KeyBanc Capital Markets. You may now ask your question.
Todd Thomas: Hi. First question so you touched on street rates, I was just wondering if you can comment on move-in rates in the quarter. And how was this sequential increase that you achieved in move-in rates this quarter compared to prior years just moving  as you move throughout the peak season?
Scott Stubbs: So Q1 to Q2 rates were up slightly in terms of achieved move-in rate. In terms of where they are to in-place rates, we are below our in-place rates, as we move into the summer months. That's not odd. And what I mean by that is, if you look at an average existing customer rate compared to the achieved rate when they move in typically there is a roll down, but that is the average existing versus the new achieved. And you typically have more churn in short-term customers that are below the average. So it doesn't necessarily mean that there is always a negative churn as people move in and move out.
Todd Thomas: Got it. Was the move the increase in achieved rates from 1Q to 2Q this year, how did that compare to what you've seen in prior years?
Scott Stubbs: It was up, but it was probably a little softer. As we've see rates soften with the new supply, I don't think that's any surprise to anyone.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then Joe since announcing the net lease deal or transaction with W.P. Carey I'm just curious, if you had additional conversations with other owners to structure similar transactions? And how big is the company's appetite for these type of transactions?
Joe Margolis: It's a good question. So we issued a press release and as usual when that happens the phone starts to ring. So we have  are in conversations and have had conversations with other folks where this type of structure may make sense. And I think our appetite is as big as the deal dynamics that make sense. We're not going to target doing any more of these if we can't get the right type of returns for the risk we're taking, but as long as we can underwrite the deals successfully, and they are in markets within our operational footprint we'd be happy to do more.
Todd Thomas: Okay. All right, great. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Todd.
Joe Margolis: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem from Morgan Stanley. You may now ask your question.
Ronald Kamdem: Just a couple of quick ones for me. The first is just on  obviously there was a big increase in marketing spend and that will benefit move-in volumes. Just  could you maybe give us some color if that's still sort of a good use of  you're getting good returns on that spending? And if that's something we should expect maybe going to the back half of the year and potentially into next? As well as does that change the type of customers that moves into the property? So said another way, is it more a millennial? Is it more tech-savvy? Is there any discernible trends from the move-ins? Thanks.
Joe Margolis: So, I'll take those in reverse order. I don't think it changes the type of customers. I think almost everyone in society today searches for goods and services on the computer somehow. So we don't think it materially changes the type of customers. Yes, we do see continued elevated marketing spend throughout the rest of the year. And we're spending this money, because it produces a great return for us. And our systems bid on millions of keywords a day, and they go through algorithms -- complicated algorithms to determine how much to bid on any particular keyword and track the results to that. And we bid on keywords that produce acceptable returns to us, and don't bid on keywords that don't.
Ronald Kamdem: Helpful. The other question was just that as sort of -- as you're looking through some of your markets, particularly in the West Coast where you've had several years of pretty good pricing appreciation, are you getting any sense of customers fatigue at all? Or is there still some upside there? Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Yeah. I'm a little uncomfortable with the word customer fatigue, because there is still strong demand for our product and we don't see any moderation in demand anywhere. I think with respect to rents, I agree with you. You're right if you increase rents in a market like Sacramento by mid-teens three years in a row, at some point the product just gets a little too expensive and you can't increase it by that amount. Again, you need a little break. But we're still getting a bump portfolio at average rate increases in those markets. So to the extent, fatigue means you raise prices so hard, it backs off for a little bit. I think that's a fair observation.
Ronald Kamdem: Helpful, and thanks for the clarification.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose from Citigroup. You may now ask your question.
Smedes Rose: Hi. Thank you. I just wanted to ask you when you're looking at acquisition opportunities and you said some of them come through off-market relationships and off-market deals, but is there any sort of market difference between what you're seeing for stabilized properties versus facilities that are still in lease-up on pricing? Or are there any like more attractive opportunities I guess for lease-up? We just have heard that the valuations there become much more interesting for some of those that are underperforming relative to initial expectation.
Joe Margolis: So, I'll tell you if you look at the four stores that we have approved for acquisition this year, all of those are unstabilized. They're somewhere between 54% and 79% occupied, initial yields between 3.5% and 5%. So, they are value-add type acquisitions that will stabilize in the low 6s somewhere. But some -- there is 4. It's not -- we haven't seen a huge rush or volume of those stores at prices that we believe makes sense to us. So...
Smedes Rose: You think that's something that could come maybe to fruition over the next several quarters or...
Joe Margolis: I don't think that the amount of capital that is seeking exposure to self-storage is going to change materially in the next few quarters. Therefore, I'd be surprised, if all of a sudden there is a flood of these opportunities that make sense to us. I think we're going have to, for the foreseeable future, work hard be innovative do some different things for our external growth as opposed to go out there and be the high bidder when there is lots and lots of other capital bidding on these assets.
Smedes Rose: Okay. Thanks. And then just Joe, you mentioned, the lending program, I'm just wondering if you could maybe update us on kind of where you are on that or just how many loans have you made? And what's the level of interest level has been like?
Joe Margolis: Sure. So, we expect to close about $100 million worth of loans by the end of the year. The amount of that $100 million that will be Extra Space capital we'll determine, because we will sell-off pieces to our debt partner in that structure that we've set up with them. And I think the interest is good. We have a good pipeline. We're being disciplined in underwriting these opportunities just like we underwrite acquisitions. But we are gaining traction. We're learning. We're getting better. And I expect that program to continue to accelerate.
Smedes Rose: Great. Thank you.
Jeff Norman: Thanks, Smedes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Eric Frankel from Green Street Advisors. You may now ask your question.
Ryan Lumb: This is Ryan Lumb. I just want to circle back on the topic of discounting. And if I understand correctly from prior comments and comments that were made last quarter, it sounds like the dollar value of discounting has been sort of lower than you had originally expected. While at the same time, the marketing spend online has been quite a bit higher. I'm just wondering if those two events are related, because we've heard similar trends from other large operators as well. I'm just wondering if there is sort of a trade-off that a dollar is better spent today with online marketing rather than trying to attract a customer with a promotion with the first month rent.
Scott Stubbs: Yeah. I would tell you that it's sum of both meaning we have made a conscious choice to spend more on marketing obviously. We feel like that's better than lowering rates. However, we still feel like discounts are effective. If you look at why our discounts are lower year-over-year part of the reason is because our rentals were down slightly. And so that causes your discounts to be down slightly. And then in addition, we have changed our rental, our discount policy such that we do not discount at certain levels of occupancy. And so -- for instances on a last year no we're not going to offer a discount on something like that. So some small tweaks in the discounting kind of policy or procedure as well as lower rental volumes has also caused discounting to be down. And then also a conscious decision to spend more on marketing.
Ryan Lumb: Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess just kind of more of a broader question on external growth or acquisition appetite. If you think of Extra Space is one of the most capitalized with most attractive cost of capital in the industry. Who are you losing to? Are you losing to just someone who has much higher leverage profile or appetite to carry debt on the acquisitions? Or you think that Extra Space would just be among the most competitive in the acquisition environment right now?
Joe Margolis: So there is a wide variety of different types of capital out there. We're losing to local capital, private equity and in some cases the other public companies. And everyone's got a different cost to capital, a different leverage tolerance, a different risk tolerance, a different view of the future and maybe underwriting greater rental growth than we are a different hold period that they're underwriting to. So people are all making different decisions that maybe logical for them. But for us, we're looking at our long-term value creation, long-term cost to capital and trying as hard as we can to remain disciplined and only do deals that we feel very comfortable are going to provide long-term value to our shareholders.
Ryan Lumb: Okay. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa from Evercore. You may now ask your question.
Joe Margolis: Steve, are you on?
Steve Sakwa: Oh, sorry, had the mute button on, sorry. First question. On the loan book, you said you're closing in on $100 million by the end of the year. Is there a target size that you're looking for that total book of business? Or how big will that business be? Or how big do you think it can be? And what kind of rates are you charging on that business?
Joe Margolis: So we don't have any limitation. Our balance sheet is in shape that we have plenty of access to different types of capital. And as long as we can make loans that earn a good risk-adjusted return, we'll continue to make loans. So we don't have an artificial cap on the size of that business. I don't really know the answer to the second question. And just one thing we're very curious about is how big this business can get. And when we started it, we said, we're going to walk before we run and we're still walking. And we'll see -- I think time will tell how big it's going to get. And we have this debt partner also that allows us to -- it's kind a governor on the size. So if we decide we want to continue to make loans, but not put out as much capital we can lay off a piece of loan to our debt partner. So that provides us good flexibility and also a way to increase our returns. And then your last question was on pricing?
Steve Sakwa: Just the pricing on those loans.
Joe Margolis: Yes. I think we're competitive in the market I'd say that.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. I guess second question. Just as you think about sort of the deceleration that you're expected to see in the second half of the year. And you sort of talked about the supply still being somewhat elevated although and we've seen some delays in the deliveries. As you kind of think about the industry, is your expectation that we would continue to still see sort of a deceleration into 2020 even if supply does kind of peak this year and begin to moderate next year?
Joe Margolis: So we -- the supply cycle is not going to end on December 31, 2019, right? There will continue to be deliveries of stores into 2020 and we're going to continue to have to deal with that. The question is are the markets that may be on the other side of the development cycle, outweigh the markets that are more on the front end of the development cycle and we won't have a good answer to it till we individually budget every property and provide 2020 guidance.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. Thanks. That's it for me.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Steve.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Todd Stender from Wells Fargo. You may now ask your question.
Todd Stender: Hi, thanks. Just to kind of circle back with the triple net lease with W.P. Carey. Just so I understand I guess the general dynamics. You manage the properties and collect and book all the cash flow and then pay them a rent and cover the operating expenses. How does that kind of work?
Joe Margolis: So it's a traditional triple net lease, where we're responsible for all -- we collect all the revenue and we're responsible for all the operating and capital expenses of the properties, and we pay them rent every month. And the return we get has three components. It's a differential between NOI and the rent payment and hopefully that increases over time. It is a kind of baked-in management fee, it's not a management fee, but it's calculated management fee in the rent calculation. And it's our ability to sell tenant insurance at the properties.
Todd Stender: Okay. That's helpful. You're mostly a JV owner with other equity players. Why did you take the triple net lease structure and not a joint venture or really that was W.P. Carey's call?
Joe Margolis: Yeah. Exactly right. So W.P. Carey is a triple net lease REIT. They purchased a vehicle called CPA:17, which had wholly-owned self-storage assets in there some of which we manage some of which others manage. Now they had wholly-owned assets in that triple net lease REIT and they needed to do something with them. We would have loved to buy them or JV them, but that was not an option. So we came up with this structure that we felt is a win-win. They get a triple net lease with investment grade credit tenant on a long-term lease, which is what they're looking for. And we get to keep control of the 22 Extra Space assets. We get five additional assets that weren't Extra Space assets. And we believe it was a positive structure for both of us.
Todd Stender: All right. That's helpful color. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust. You may now ask your question.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Hey, guys. Just a couple of follow-ups on the bridge loan program. If the loans defaulted, what would the cost basis look like compared to replacement cost? Just trying to get a sense of the mode of safety.
Joe Margolis: So we are underwriting these to value not to replacement cost. Replacement costs are a really difficult metric, I think in self-storage basically because of the land component. When you have something that has a really small market ring -- it's hard to find a comparable zoned piece of land to put in your land component. But to answer your question, how we're underwriting these things? As we underwrite them as if we're going to buy them. And then we lend 75% or 80% of what we would have been happy to buy the assets at.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And for the triple net deals, I'm just trying to get a sense of how close the rent you're -- the NOI you're collecting is compared to the rent you're paying. At the onset is it very tight or is there a nice margin? Just trying to get a sense of that gap.
Joe Margolis: We would tell you there is a nice margin. We underwrote these with the same discipline that we underwrite the $5 billion worth of acquisitions we've done over the last five years. Our track record is excellent if you look at the stats of our underwriting versus actual performance. We knew -- I gave a bad number in my previous answer, it's 31 assets not 22 assets managed by Extra Space, that we knew those assets very, very well. And we're very comfortable with the underwriting and with the spread between NOI and rent.
Ki Bin Kim: All right. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks Ki Bin.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back to Joe Margolis.
Joe Margolis: Great. Thank you everyone for your time and interest in Extra Space. If I could just highlight a couple of things, we continue to experience solid property level NOI growth despite new supply. We do expect some moderation, but we're very happy with the way the teams and the systems are able to maximize performance in this environment and we've gotten better. As we get deeper into the development cycles, the systems and the machines learn how to do better and I think that's showing in our numbers. And secondly, external growth is tough now, but we will continue to be disciplined and innovative to find ways where we can to grow as long as it makes sense for our shareholders in the long-term. Thank you very much. I hope everyone has a good day.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-02 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Q1 2019 Extra Space Storage Inc. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's call, Jeff Norman. You may begin.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Towanda. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on a website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, May 1, 2019. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I'd now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter call and for your interest in Extra Space Storage. We had a good first good quarter with positive rate growth and high occupancies, resulting in same-store revenue growth of 4.2% and same-store NOI growth of 4.8%. This contributed to better-than-expected FFO growth, which was $0.02 above the top end of our guidance. Performance continues to be steady despite new supply and we are well positioned heading into the summer leasing season. While we are very pleased with the better-than-expected first quarter results, our views for the balance of 2019 remain generally unchanged. We still believe 2018 was likely the high watermark for total deliveries, and we expect 2019 deliveries to be only modestly lower. Further, we expect the total impact on performance from new supply to be greater in 2019 than it was in 2018 due to the cumulative impact of several years of elevated development. We are seeing this impact in the lease up of our C of O stores. Lease up has slowed from a pace that was well above pro formas in 2015 to '17 to trends that today are more in line with historic norms and with our underwriting. That being said, our people and our systems are working hard to maximize performance in a challenging operating environment. Our digital marketing platform continues to drive qualified traffic to our stores. We have maintained occupancies above the market averages and MSAs with new supply, but it comes at a cost. Cost-per-click are elevated due to a competitive bidding environment and we are choosing to pull the advertising lever harder in order to ensure web visibility. In the current environment, large operators, like Extra Space, are best positioned for success on the web. In the quarter, we invested $270 million in acquisitions. We continue to have success acquiring properties through off market transactions. For example, and as we mentioned last quarter, we bought a joint venture partner's interest in 12 properties in Los Angeles and the Bay Area for $192 million. We continue to explore other opportunities to enhance shareholder returns through mutually beneficial partnerships. We also continue to see significant growth in our third-party management platform. In the quarter, we added 46 stores, while only 2 stores left the platform both due to property sale. Additions to our third-party platform continue to be a mix of newly constructed and existing properties, bringing high-quality stores into our system as well as additional income. Between our third-party program and our JV stores, we have 805 managed stores with a strong remaining pipeline for the year. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe, and hello, everyone. Our core FFO for the quarter was $1.16 per share, exceeding the high end of our guidance by $0.02. The beat was primarily due to stronger-than-expected same-store property performance and lower-than-anticipated G&A and income tax expenses. We continue to see solid performance in the majority of our markets. Revenue growth was primarily driven by achieved street rate growth. Discounts were also down as a percentage of revenue in Q1, providing a modest tailwind that we don't necessarily expect in future quarters. Our same-store revenue growth includes a change in pool benefit of 30 basis points in the quarter and we anticipate that it will provide a benefit of 15 to 20 basis points for the full year. This quarter, we've added an additional disclosure to our financial supplemental showing a third-year of same-store pool performance. This disclosure should help further reconcile differences in same-store pool definitions in the industry. Same-store expenses were mixed bag, with increases in property tax and marketing spend, which were partially offset by savings in payroll and utilities expense. We expect continued pressure on property tax and marketing expense, but we are comfortable with our ability to operate within our guidance. We have not made material -- we have not made changes to our annual same-store revenue expense or NOI guidance, which imply moderating revenue growth. As we said in our last call, the moderation will result -- will be a result of increased impact of new supply, along with the difficult comps in markets that have performed well above the portfolio average for multiple years. We've increased our full year core FFO guidance to $4.76 to $4.85 per share, which includes the $0.02 beat from the first quarter. We also made minor changes to our G&A interest expense, income tax and share count guidance. Our FFO guidance includes $0.07 of dilution from value-add acquisitions and an additional $0.16 of dilution from our C of O stores, for total dilution of $0.23, which has not changed from our initial guidance. We believe these acquisitions provide significant long-term value for our shareholders and improve the overall quality of our portfolio. With that, let's turn it over to Towanda to start our Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Shirley Wu with Bank of America. Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital.
Jeremy Metz: I was wondering if you could discuss the crossover between discounting and marketing. I recognize this is maybe a little dated, but if I look at your discounting trends from your last slide deck and assume those more or less carry through the first quarter, it looks like there's perhaps may be call it a 40 basis point give or take benefit to revenue growth from the lower discounting as a percentage of revenues relative to last year on a dollar basis. It's about equivalent to the increase we're seeing in the marketing spend, which is up 24%. So I'm just wondering, it all gets you to the same place in terms of NOI and earnings, but is there any toggling between those 2 items?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, Jeremy, during the quarter, we didn't have a significant change in our discounting strategy. It was actually impacted a little bit by lower -- the lower number of rentals. So if we had fewer rentals, your discounts are down a little bit. And then we gave a slightly fewer number of discounts to rentals coming in the door, so it wasn't a significant change. In terms of marketing, we did choose to pull the marketing lever as to maintain our market share and to continue to move the needle in terms of rentals.
Joe Margolis: But they're not -- Jeremy, this is Joe. They're not one-to-one correlated, if discounts go up, mark -- marketing goes down and vice versa. They're just 2 of several factors that all interplay together to achieve our goal of maximizing revenue.
Jeremy Metz: All right. And then, Scott, obviously, the balance sheet is in good shape. Your stock is out there hitting all times high, it's well above at least where consensus standing there. How do you think about raising equity here whether to give more active on new investments or even just warehouse in capital for the stuff you have in the pipeline?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So we -- obviously, it will depend on where we have -- if we have a use for that money. So we've always said we want to remain leverage neutral in terms of our balance sheet and if we have a use for the capital then equity is an option. But how we underwrite a deal doesn't change. How we capitalize a deal could depend on where our stock is trading versus where interest rates are, but it is an option for us.
Jeremy Metz: And maybe just figure that Joe, can you just talk about how active the market is for acquisitions right now and anything notable on the pricing front that you're seeing?
Joe Margolis: Sure. So to date, we've invested $270 million. So we feel that's a good number, we're happy with that, we're happy with the deals that we had. There's not as much activity in the market in the first quarter as there were say in the second half of last year. It's been somewhat quiet. We hope that's seasonal. And the market will pick up. And there's more opportunities either in a broad brokered market, or more importantly, through our relationships, which is where we usually have the most success. And I've seen absolutely no changes in pricing. There is still lots and lots of equity of all different flavors, seeking exposure to storage and that is keeping cap rates where they are.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shirley Wu with Bank of America.
Shirley Wu: Sorry, about that before, handset wasn't working. So my first question is on street rate trends in 1Q of '19. You -- I think, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that it was up. Could you give a little bit of color on to how much that was?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Our achieved street rates in the first quarter were between 2% and 3% on average for the first -- into new incoming tenants.
Shirley Wu: And how that changed in April?
Scott Stubbs: It's closer to 2%, but it's still solid.
Shirley Wu: Okay. And on the flip side for discounts. You mentioned that you don't expect the discounts being -- coming down as a percentage of revenue to continue. So how do you see concessions kind of trending throughout 2019?
Scott Stubbs: Our guidance and our budgets for the year don't assume any benefit, so flat year-over-year compared to where they were last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose with Citi.
Smedes Rose: I was just wondering if you could provide a little bit of color on the performance in the couple of just your larger markets like L.A. and New York, which look to put up pretty, I mean, well more than pretty good, very good results. And I think if I'm remembering right, it sounds like may be in markets like L.A. there were more mature -- you were sort of maybe bumping up against sort of an absolute dollar increase in pricing that you thought you could achieve. So could you just maybe talk about how things are trending there? And maybe you were surprised too in the first quarter?
Joe Margolis: Yes. L.A. continues to perform very well. We are concerned, as you pointed out in these markets, where we've had year-after-year of above inflationary -- significantly above inflationary rent increases, that's not sustainable. But we had a great quarter in L.A. And there's only -- if you look at the L.A. MSA, there's only certain kind of sub-pockets where supply is an issue, but for the most part, supply is not an issue and we're continuing to be able to move rates in a pretty healthy manner.
Smedes Rose: Okay. And then same, I guess, sort of same observation in New York?
Joe Margolis: So the New York MSA, I will tell you, we were surprised. That it did perform better, particularly in Northern New Jersey and Long Island than we anticipated. And in the face of some new supply, particularly in Northern New Jersey. So our systems, our ability to attract customers, part of that a result of increased marketing spend has allowed us to increase revenue at a greater rate than we thought we'd be able to in that market.
Smedes Rose: Okay. And then I just -- last question, I just was going to ask you. Are you seeing any change in behavior of new competitors, whether it's may be in overabundance of supply at least in the near term sort of differences between independent operators versus the larger players? Any sort of the way that they're driving pricing or occupancy?
Joe Margolis: I'm not sure, if it's a change. It is competitive out there. I would tell you, I think, the large operators are more rational in their pricing movements and sometimes the small operators can do things that we would consider ill-advised, but I don't think there's been any significant change.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital.
Todd Thomas: First question. Joe, you know over the last few months, it seems like there was an expectation that there would be some opportunity around some distressed development yields, may be some lease up projects. And you commented that the pace of lease up on some C of Os in your portfolio is slowing. It's now back to historical norms, which is consistent with what you're underwriting. So it doesn't sound so bad. Are you still expecting to see some distress in some opportunity? Or is that not the case may be conditions are improving a little more broadly across the industry relative to your prior expectations?
Joe Margolis: Yes. I hope you didn't take from our comments that conditions are improving across the industry. Obviously, this is a market-by-market business and there are some markets that may be later in the development cycle that are improving, but there's also many markets that the development cycle is hitting full force and will de-accelerate in the future. I'm still hoping for the distress with the disappointment deals. We didn't see them in the first quarter, but I'm still hopeful and anticipate in a challenging environment that those acquisition opportunities will appear.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then, Scott, I know your guidance implies growth slowing throughout the balance of the year and you commented on that a little bit. I may have missed some of the ins and outs here. But right now, growth is heading in the other direction. So maybe you could just provide a little bit of additional color around what's -- what you're expecting to change that trajectory and may be pressure growth a little bit in the portfolio throughout the balance of the year?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Our first quarter, obviously, was a strong quarter. We had it budgeted, but our first quarter actually exceeded our budget slightly. Throughout the year, we're assuming that it continues to -- the rate of growth continues to decline throughout the year. That's our assumption in our budget. It's impacted heavily by certain markets that have a lot of new supply. Florida is a tough market. And as we look forward, we think that many of these stores continue to slow in terms of their rate of growth, whether it's a same-store pool or a lease up store. So overall, our guidance and our budgets continue to slow. We'd like to get into the second quarter and see where that goes before we change guidance or doing the thing that sort.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And just lastly, I was wondering if you could tell us where occupancy was April 30, what that looked like year-over-year?
Scott Stubbs: At the end of April, our occupancy was up from March by about 40 basis points, but it was slightly -- if you take year-over-year comparison, we were down 20 basis points at the end of the March, it was down 40 basis points at the end of April. So slightly different, but again, within our guidance and no big surprises, April was still a solid month.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alan Wai with Goldman Sachs.
Alan Wai: Guess bit of a follow-up on the last question here. We noticed in the last couple of years that you had a steep 2Q same-store slow down versus the first quarter. I was curious what the mechanics were for this to happen? And do you think this pattern will repeat for the rest of the year?
Scott Stubbs: So Q2 is typically better than Q1. Obviously, it's -- kind of you moving into the leasing season, but it's going to be somewhat a comp year-over-year and how we did the prior year. So that could potentially be what you're seeing a little bit there.
Joe Margolis: I think, last year was primarily discounting.
Scott Stubbs: Correct. And then the other thing is, Q1 typically has more benefit from our change in same-store pool. So Q1, this year, we had 30 basis points in the first quarter and we're estimating for the year that to be 15 to 20, which would assume, by Q4, it's very little benefit.
Alan Wai: That's helpful. You didn't mention in your guidance that you don't expect any benefit attract from discounts. Do think you'll need to reintroduce discounts at some point or do you think the environment for pricing has improved as of late?
Scott Stubbs: No. We continue to use discounts. We -- most new rentals get a discount well over 50% of our new rentals coming in the door are going to get some type of discount.
Alan Wai: Got it. Your peer, PSA has announced a property of tomorrow initiative, which requires a significant investment and will take several years to complete. Just curious, how do you think your portfolio compares with newer generation products currently in the market?
Joe Margolis: I think, we've done a good job of continuing to invest and upgrade our properties to keep them relevant and attractive to customers. And we spend money every year doing that and we'll continue to do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Stender with Wells Fargo.
Todd Stender: Just looking at the California properties that you bought from your JV partner, can you characterize the properties, maybe just look in to the submarkets and maybe share any CapEx that's required? I guess, just to look inside that portfolio.
Joe Margolis: So these were all properties that we built, they're in infill areas, 10 in Los Angeles, 2 in the San Francisco area. They've been -- we own them in partnership for many years with our partner. They've been well maintained. Capital has been spent every year. They've been part of our 7-year rebranding program that we started 3 or 4 years ago. We're about halfway through the portfolio, a little more than that so far. So these are not stores that need a lot of capital. They're great, solid, steady core acquisitions.
Todd Stender: And you've been managing them on a third-party basis, is that right?
Joe Margolis: No. We were about a 95%-5% joint venture partner, but we did manage them. Not on a third-party basis, on a joint venture basis.
Todd Stender: Okay. And then, how about pricing on this? How do you look at pricing? You take out your JV partner, they're obviously stabilized getting market rates. What kind of pricing do you ascribe to this?
Joe Margolis: So on the gross value that was negotiated for the portfolio, the purchase price forward 12-month yield after tax reassessment was sub-5, which is market for these types of assets in markets in California. But we had an embedded promote in the venture of $72.8 million that we couldn't realize without a capital transaction. So putting that promote towards the purchase price, the first year yield after tax reassessment was 6.3.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: Just a couple of quick ones from me. Just wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on the marketing spend? Meaning, are there any specific markets or regions that really drove the increase spend? And also, I think, you touched on that bid pricing are going up every year. Is there a way to quantify that? Is that high single-digit? Is it double-digit? How should we think about that?
Scott Stubbs: Our spend for the year, our original budgets were 15% increase, which is what we are thinking we are going to need to spend to kind of keep up with the inflationary pay-per-click spend. We have spent greater number higher than that in the first quarter and we're assuming we'll have to spend at an accelerated level throughout the year. It's across the country, the additional spend, but it is probably a little more focused on new supply markets or markets where we're struggling.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. That's helpful. And then, sort of touching back on some of the bigger markets. Just looking at Dallas, we're still seeing a lot of projects in the pipeline. Just curious if you could remind us how you guys are thinking about that and maybe how your assets are positioned versus the new supply coming in?
Joe Margolis: Yes. Dallas is a market that is challenged. And if you look at our supplements and see our revenue growth there, which was less than 1% is below portfolio average. Our stores, the North Dallas area is the most challenged and those are our stores that we're focused most on. In South Dallas and other areas, we're doing slightly better.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. And then the last question I have was just, if you could remind us what the spread between the asking rate and the existing tenant rate was maybe during the quarter and how that's trending in April?
Scott Stubbs: And so, the quarter was actually our worse time of the year. On average, we're mid-single digits in terms of where our ask rates are and our in place rates. The worse time of the year is the winter months. So kind of January, February. The best time of the time is the summer months when they're essentially flat. But on average, it's mid-single-digit. So this is the worse time of the year, so higher than that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies.
Toyo Okusanya: You guys typically, you always kind of do very interesting things, trying to figure out the best way to maximize profits between pricing and as well as the volume. Just kind of curious if you could talk a little bit about maybe some of the checks you may have done this quarter or maybe even the last few quarters and that must be telling you about just the elasticity of demand from customers?
Joe Margolis: So I'm happy to say that we continue to do tests every quarter, every month. We're very data-driven shop. We don't make any decisions without having the data analyzed and testing based on that. But not comfortable telling you what are the things we're actually testing.
Toyo Okusanya: Could you tell us anything about what you may be telling you about customer demand or elasticity of demand?
Joe Margolis: So we don't see any significant difference in customer behavior. Demand is steady to increasing the fear that folks have, that millennials weren't going to rent has proven incorrect. Millennials make up a higher percentage of our renters than they do of the population. We see the stickiness, if you will, with the customers once they get in, in the face of rate increases to be the same. So we don't see significant changes in customer behavior.
Toyo Okusanya: Got you. Okay, that's helpful. And then anything incrementally you could talk about also in regards to just business demand for Storage?
Joe Margolis: So business demand has been pretty steady for many, many years here. And we don't see any significant increase or decrease in business demand.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Samir Khanal with Evercore.
Samir Khanal: Joe, thanks for your view on supply. You talked about '18, which was the high watermark on deliveries but then you continue to see impact from sort of developments kind of the cumulative impact. So you kind of taken those to and generally, I mean, it doesn't have to be for your company, but generally as part of the industry, where do you think the -- that the trough and revenue growth will be, is, I mean, people say, it's '20 but do you think it gets further pushed out into even '21 at this point with all the delivery and the impact of what's come on in the last couple of years?
Joe Margolis: So we don't have perfect transparency into the future. We don't know if development is going to continue its moderating trend that we see. That's what we would expect, given economics of development. But we don't know. We don't know if people with lower yield requirements or higher risk tolerances are going to keep sticking shovels in the ground. So when the inflection point will occur depends on things that we currently don't know.
Samir Khanal: Okay. And just switching gears a little bit on the disposition side. Considering where cap rates are. And it sounds like cap rates are fairly low. And for well stabilized assets, do you consider -- could you consider even may be selling into this market where pricing is favorable?
Joe Margolis: We just closed the disposition of a store in Upstate New York this quarter, I guess, after the quarter it actually closed. And we, every year, we look at our portfolio and look for assets that would make sense to dispose of either outright or into a joint venture to reduce our exposure to those assets or markets, and we'll continue to do so and execute when it makes sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Lumb with Green Street Advisors.
Ryan Lumb: First, appreciate the additional disclosure under older venture to same-store pools. But just one simple question. Can you elaborate on the brief or the small adjustment to G&A expense guidance?
Scott Stubb: Yes. Part of it has to do with just the timeliness of some hires that we had and still we are estimating the majority of that should flow through and then some consulting expenses that did not come to fruition.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Hughes with Raymond James.
Jonathan Hughes: Looking at the broader stabilized storage data just to get a larger sample size of your performance in L.A. and San Francisco specifically, it looks like rental growth was flat sequentially but the number of facilities in those pools were down from fourth quarter. Just curious what's going on there? Did you maybe lose some of those third-party managed stores? Because I think the same-store pool was up a little bit.
Joe Margolis: I'd have to go back and look at that, because I'm not sure, we were down in L.A. or San Francisco. We could look at that and get back to you.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay. Fair enough. And then, I guess, going on the other coast and New York. And that stabilized pool saw a pretty nice sequential increase in revenue growth. I guess, what was the benefit from the new adds to that same-store pool? Was it similar to the 30 basis point boost to the overall portfolio on same-store revenue growth?
Scott Stubbs: It's really market-by-market and it will depend on how many properties we have in it. So, I mean, a market that only had 10 properties, obviously, when you add 1, it's going to get impacted more versus Los Angeles where you have a larger number of properties and you add 1 it will impact it very little. So it's tough to really give you on a market-by-market basis here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim: Just a bigger picture. What do you think were the couple of things that positively surprised you during this quarter?
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you, discounts being down, I think, were a surprise to us in a positive aspect. I think the fact that some of these markets that have been hit by supply so hard have held on as well as they have. So, for instance, Dallas. And then, the last one is, I think, our payroll was a little lower than we expected, and so we've done some things there to try to get some more efficiencies, but we don't expect that to continue through the year somewhat of a one -- more of a onetime benefit in Q1 than rather an ongoing thing for the year.
Joe Margolis: I think certain markets perform better than we anticipated. Atlanta, certainly performed better than we thought. Some of the broader markets that we thought were going to be impacted either to delays in delivery or otherwise are performing a little better.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And going back to your comments about seeing elevated marketing spend throughout the year. And payroll, like you said, maybe it was onetime benefit in the first quarter and that normalizes higher. How do you make that feel about your same-store expense guidance, especially at the higher end?
Scott Stubbs: So we're still comfortable with our guidance. I think that it will depend a little bit on your marketing spend on where you are in that range.
Ki Bin Kim: All right. And then just last question. You probably that thought I knew that MakeSpace is partnering up with Iron Mountain. Does that change your views at all about the long-term efficacy of value storage companies? I know it's quite early but.
Joe Margolis: It doesn't. I mean, when we look at current pricing for -- to wallet customer using wallet versus storage. It's kind of played out as we expected. It's hard to -- it seems like they have not been able to pay for the logistical piece of that and still make storage an economical choice. Not to say some people aren't going to use it, but it's not competitive with what we have. That being said, we think there is a segment of customers, elderly or whatever who don't want to move their own boxes. And we would expect as our business evolves to be able to offer some type of service to customers who want it.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Joe Margolis, CEO for closing remarks.
Joe Margolis: Thank you everyone for joining us today. As we discussed, we continue to experience solid property level NOI growth despite new supply. We expect that we're going to have a very solid summer season and another strong year for Extra Space. We're off to a good start on the acquisition front, on the external growth front, both through acquisitions and third-party management. And what's most encouraging is that I feel that our teams and our systems are tested mostly during competitive times, they are performing very well and delivering their results for our shareholders. I look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT. Thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-21 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2018 Extra Space Storage Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Jeff Norman. You may begin.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Michelle. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's fourth quarter and year-end 2018 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statement due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements combined in the company's latest filings with the SEC which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, Thursday, February 21, 2019. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Jeff and hello everyone. Thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter and year end call. It was great to have so many of you here last month for our Investor Day and we appreciate your interest in, and support of Extra Space Storage. 2018 was another solid year, same-store revenue was in line with expectations. Our diversified portfolio and best-in-class platform are maintaining very high occupancies while producing positive rate growth despite a challenging environment with new supply in many markets. Expenses were also generally in line with expectations with the exception of a couple of uncontrollable expenses which hit in the first half of the year. Our team stepped up and did a great job with controllable expenses, especially in the last two quarters and found ways to offset some of the expense growth through savings and efficiencies. Our same-store NOI grew 4% for the year despite a challenging operating environment. Same-store NOI was enhanced by our strong external growth from third-party management and off-market acquisitions resulting in core FFO growth of 6.6% which was above the high-end of our annual guidance. Looking forward to 2019 many of the themes are similar to 2018. We continue to see new supply delivered in many markets. The rate of deliveries has started to slow, and while we still believe new openings in 2019 will be lower than in 2018, we expect the impact of new supply to be greater due to the cumulative impact of several years of elevated development. These concerns are the same concerns we discussed on our call a year ago. However, there are also some encouraging themes from last year that will continue into 2019. First, the economy continues to be healthy. Second, we are in a need based industry with steady demand and solid fundamentals. Third, concerns about declining use of storage due to millenials, disruptive new businesses or otherwise are proving to be ill-founded [ph]. And fourth, large operators continue to have a significant technology advantage over most of the industry. As a result, occupancy remains very strong and we have positive rate growth in most markets. We have a geographically diverse portfolio and a platform built to drive traffic to our stores, our website and our call centers. In short, Extra Space is well prepared to navigate today's competitive landscape. The challenges presented by new supply also continue to bring us opportunities. In 2018, we added 153 stores to our third-party platform and continue to have a robust pipeline for 2019. We invested $580 million in acquisitions, $145 million of which was invested in certificate of occupancy or development fields. We were successful at finding accretive acquisition opportunities to our partners and other relationships before they were exposed to the broader market. 84% of all 2018 acquisition volume was completed through off-market transactions. This off-market acquisition trend has continued into 2019 as we recently completed the buyout of one of our joint venture partners in 12 properties in Los Angeles and the Bay area; these are well located purpose-filled properties that we developed ourselves in the early 2000 in top-tier in-field markets with true barriers to entry. Extra Space realized a $72.8 million promote in the joint venture through the transaction which was applied to the purchase price. While 2019 will not be without it's challenges, we are making the necessary investments to strengthen our platform and support our growth while maintaining operational excellence in the current environment. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe, and hello everyone. Our core FFO for the quarter was $1.22 per share and our core FFO for the year was $4.67 per share ahead of our guidance. The peak was primarily due to property performance and G&A savings. Core FFO includes a $0.02 adjustment for the write-off of deferred financing cost related to the prepayment of notes payable to trust. We continue to evolve our balance sheet which has never been stronger. During the quarter we amended our credit facility, accessed our ATM, and increased our unencumbered pool which now stands at $5.6 billion. These efforts are part of our goal to further diversify our capital structure, latter [ph] our maturities, and minimize our average interest rate while extending the average term. This will ensure that we continue to have capacity to fund future growth through multiple sources of capital. Last night we provided guidance and annual assumptions for 2019; our new same-store pool increased by 38 stores to a total of 821. Same-store revenue is expected to increase 2% to 3% in 2019. As Joe mentioned, we believe the impact from new supply will be greater in 2019 than it was in 2018. The level of this impact will depend on the timing of deliveries and the speed of absorption in impacted markets, specifically the major Florida and Texas markets. Our guidance also assumes some revenue growth moderation in markets, not heavily impacted by new supply. This is due to multiple years of outsized growth resulting in tough comps. Same-store expense growth is expected to increase 3.75% to 4.75%. The increase in expenses is primarily driven by outsized growth in property taxes and marketing spend. Our revenue and expense guidance results in NOI growth of 1.25% to 2.75%. Our full year core FFO is estimated to be $4.73 to $4.83 per share. In 2019 we anticipate total dilution of $0.23 from value-add and C of O acquisitions, up $0.03 from 2018. We recognize that short-term headwinds, this causes to our core FFO growth rate but believe the investment in these lease-up stores continues to improve the quality of the portfolio and generates long-term value for our shareholders. With that, let's turn it over to Jeff to start our Q & A.
Jeff Norman: Thanks, Scott. In order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyone's question. I would ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief. If time allows, we'll address follow-on questions once everyone has had the opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that, let's turn over to Michelle to start our Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeff Specter [ph] of Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, guys, this is Shirley Wu [ph] with Jeff Specter. So thanks for the actual call our supply. I think of previous earnings calls you've mentioned that the percentage of a portfolio being affected by the new supply would be around 60% and 90%. Has that changed and what do you think 2020 is going to look like?
Jeff Norman: So our view of 2019 has not changed. The only thing that's changed on the ground is a certain number of developments that we expect to be delivered in 2018. We're in fact delayed and now will be delivered in 2019. But we expect the same thing to happen in 2019 in some of the properties that are scheduled to be delivered late in 2019 will, in fact, be delayed and not delivered until 2020. So our view continues to be that deliveries will be higher in 2018 than in 2019, although peak impact is in 2019 because of accumulative affect. As to 2020 and our views frankly, it's all subject to the trend continuing of decreasing new developments if in fact, people start putting more shovels in the ground then we could be wrong and you know we just have to wait and see what happens.
Unidentified Analyst: All right so could you talk about chief street rates 4Q and maybe how that's going to look in 1Q of 2019 as well?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, Shirley, our street rate in the fourth quarter were -- this is our achieved street rate, we achieve street rates that we're in the low single digits. And that it was about 2% in January.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz of BMO Capital Markets
Jeremy Metz: Did you mention the drag from discounting it all. I know last quarter's about an 80 basis points drag or supposed to update a little bit here and fourth quarter. What was it?
Scott Stubbs: So in the fourth quarter there was really no drag or no benefit from discounts it was flat and our guidance for 2019 is since the same; no benefit or direct.
Jeremy Metz: So if we combine that you know with the 2% effective rate you have just mentioned here, it obviously takes a while to roll through same store but as we think where you're at today and where you're Guidance is, that 2.5% midpoint for revenue assuming you are actually going negative on that effective runs and it sounds like January is holding but are you seeing any sort of signs already maybe in February of some slowing that's making you more cautious?
Scott Stubbs: February is not significantly different than January and I think guidance all depends on where you are in that range.
Jeremy Metz: Okay and then just one last one Joe, at the investor day you touched on the new bridge financing program you started. Can you just give an update on where that stands today? What sort of activity you're seeing out there and how much capital allocation are you putting in the budget here for 2019?
Joe Margolis: Sure, Jeremy, I'd be happy to. For those of you who weren't at investor day, we started -- initiated a new bridge lending program. The goals which is to expand our management platform to form additional relationships across the industry because we found through management parts and other activities we do that those relationships frequently turned out to produce acquisitions or other benefits and to fill what we perceive as a capital void in the market and make some money by lending to non-stabilized stores. We will not be leading to development stores. We don't want to have to take over a half-finished development but we believe there is an opportunity to land on stores that are not yet stabilized. We're just starting this program, we've made a couple loans, we have a few in the hopper, we're getting very good reception in the marketplace. But we are just beginning. We're going to walk before we run. We're going to see how the market reacts to this and I would not expect it to be a significant capital allocation in 2019.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ronald [ph] of Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: Just following up on same-store expenses. I think you mentioned outside property taxes and marketing spend. Just curious if you can find more details? How does that -- how does the growth rate compare for those versus 2018 and if there's any markets or any kind of a one-time thing that's really driving this outside nature of these expenses?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, our property tax budgets for 2019 assume about 4.5% increase year-over-year. We continue to see pressure across multiple markets, so it's actually down slightly from 2018 but continues to be higher than inflation. 2019 marketing spend is about 11% in -- is what we budgeted which is up from our annual run rate of 2018 and that comes from a couple of things. One is just overall inflation from you know more people bidding on using you know the search engines and that's driving the cost of the bids up as well as you know we're going to supply cycle and wanting to make sure that we stay top of mind in people's buying decisions.
Unidentified Analyst: Right. And then just a quick one on development. Maybe could you just comment versus 3, 6, 9 months ago, have you seen any incremental sign from developers whether a deal compression, whether it's projects taking longer to lease up. Any incremental color on slowing that supply pipeline?
Joe Margolis: I think we are seeing the factors you described. Yield compression, increased costs and just an awareness that many markets are over-built or fully built and some more caution. So we are seeing a hold back in new supply in some areas, new developments in some areas but there still are people who have either more optimistic views or lower yield requirements that are still trying to go forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And the last one for me is; just I noticed in the release that Miami was added to markets lagging in Philly was dying as the market that are performing. Can you just -- maybe a little bit more color on what's going on there? Is there anything to know there?
Joe Margolis: I think that's directly related to new supply. Miami has had a very large influx of new development that is acting performance and we haven't seen the same thing in Philadelphia.
Operator: Our next question comes from Smedes Rose from Citi. 
Smedes Rose: Hi, thank you. I wanted to ask you, did sequential decline in curated occupancy from 3Q to 4Q will split steeper than what we've seen in several years now? Did that surprise you at all can you maybe provide a little more color on the -- I guess the case over the course of the quarter?
Scott Stubbs: First of all, I would tell you I think sometimes people focus too much on rentals and vacates you know I think if you look at our year end occupancy, it was quite strong. maybe slightly stronger at the end of the third quarter but again the goal here obviously is to maximize revenue you'll see it plus, you know plus or minus 10, 15, 20, 30 basis points depending on the month, depending on the quarter. But I don't think the fourth quarter played out significantly different than what we were expecting and we felt like we had a -- you know strong ending to the quarter of the year.
Smedes Rose: Okay, you were looking for that level of kind of sequential decline and that wasn't a surprise at all.
Scott Stubbs: Not necessarily decline but on an annual basis we were expecting no benefit from occupancy and that's largely where we ended up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Frankel of Green Street Advisors.
Eric Frankel: I just want to go back to the same-store calculations. The news confirms or you said that it's a 15 basis points; can you just confirm the number of stores that can be added in the same-store pool?
Joe Margolis: We're adding, so our current pool is 783 and the new pool goes to 821, so an add of 38.
Eric Frankel: And the average occupancy for the -- roughly, I guess 440 or so stores, is that significantly lower or same as what you currently have?
Joe Margolis: It's pretty much the same, very close to being right on top of each other.
Eric Frankel: And then, I know you -- question is regarding your cap allocation guidance here and the investments you have under contract in what you're hoping to close. But it seems like you're 70% of the way there essentially in terms of what you have under the contract are closed and what you're guided to; that seems somewhat conservative. Maybe you could provide a little more color on how you're thinking? I guess you have roughly $160 million of deal that you have in -- gone under contract or closed now but it's kind of based on your guidance. Any reason why that shouldn't be higher just kind of given all the trends that you're referring to?
Joe Margolis: The only thing I could say is, it's very difficult for us to predict when we're going to have opportunities to transact on an off-market basis. And as I said earlier, that's really where we are able to be successful. So, we could talk to the brokers, and we can understand the pipeline and what we think is coming forward but we know we're not going to be very successful there. So is it possible that we exceed our guidance and buy more, absolutely, but creative opportunities are available and good deals, we have a balance sheet and capital flexibility to execute on those transitions. So I hope we do exceed our guidance in 2019 like we did in 2018 but we're not banking them.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Wes Golladay of RBC Capital Markets.
Wes Golladay: When rent growth slows, is it driven more by changing distribution channels or lower street [ph] rates?
Joe Margolis: The street rates are really what's going to drive your rent growth. I mean our current -- your current street rates, your current achieved rate at some point flows through and becomes your rental rate growth, and so street rates are going to probably be more influential than anything.
Wes Golladay: And then going back to that 3-year rolling supply, when do you see that peaking and do you expect a gradual decline or a sharp decline, or how should we look at that going forward?
Joe Margolis: So we believe that 2018 was the peak delivery year and we expect to gradual decline and that's fully caveated by -- we don't know what people are going to do in terms of picking up development; we're looking at current trends and assuming that they continue. But if -- for whatever reason, a bunch of people go capital into development and start putting shovels in the ground where they shouldn't, then we could be wrong.
Wes Golladay: And then, maybe going back to Keithman's [ph] question about the developers not hitting the returns; are there certain markets where you see maybe in the next year or two you can have an opportunistic fund and take advantage of some of this?
Joe Margolis: I think that is likely, I think there are going to be opportunities to purchase projects that are not hitting pro forma or not doing as well as a lender would like or an equity partner would like. And our acquisition guys are fully focused on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Stender of Wells Fargo.
Todd Stender: Just to go back to the $0.23 dilution expected from C of O and value add; have you guys separated those two on how much do you scribe to those two buckets, each if you have?
Joe Margolis: It's about $0.16 from C of O's and about $0.07 from lease-up properties.
Todd Stender: It could be a pretty good source of upside to earnings, you've got 12 of the 17 projected openings I guess; opening in the first half of the year but I also want to see potential offsetting that. Have you tapped the ATM already in January/February just because you've acquired so much -- just seeing where your capital is coming from?
Joe Margolis: Well, we used the ATM in the fourth quarter and in the current quarter we've not. Yes, correct, third and fourth quarter of last year we used the ATM.
Todd Stender: And then just finally, excluding the 12 assets you've described in California that you've already gotten, where are the other locations? I know you've had a couple of C of O deals that are wholly-owned, that you've acquired already in the first quarter, where are those in markets?
Joe Margolis: [Indiscernible], Louisville, Kentucky and many on Pennsylvania. Should we just call [ph] -- posted one in Brooklyn too last week; was that last week again?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, we had several little close. We have three little close in -- well, two in Brooklyn, one in Queens. And then also Massachusetts, Merrill Lynch, so they are kind of throughout the country.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tayo Okusanya of Jefferies.
Tayo Okusanya: A couple of questions. The first one is the 2% increase in street rates that you guys have discussed, is that net of concessions or is that without concessions?
Joe Margolis: It is not net of concessions, that is just we have achieved great as the average, some of this pain [ph], no matter which channel they come from. This can say discounts year-over-year, there is no change.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay, so that's the first thing. Then I'm going back to a question I was asked earlier on not getting a lot of push back from in place tenants on rent increases. But I was just curious, the guidance contemplates a slower rate of rent increases going forward because of supply or no?
Jeff Norman: No. We really don't believe supply impacts are our ability to increase rents to tenants when appropriate.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay, that's helpful. And then could you help us understand what the mark-to-market is in the portfolio? Like today, if a tenant moves out average rents are X versus if a tenant moves into probably moving on average at this particular rent?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, if you look at our employees rents and compare those to our cheap rents so what people rented at when they come in the door on average for the year, it is mid-single digit so call it 5% that is considerably higher in the offseason so right now it's you know call it double digits and then it goes to zero in the summer months so depending on the time of the year we typically you know our rates are typically higher in the summer when more people are moving in and lower in the offseason with fewer people are moving so that rolled down is higher in the colder months and I would tell you to be careful to assume that's the role down on everybody because you have many people that moved in a move right back out and so they are at very close to what the street rate is.
Operator: There are no further questions I will turn the call back over to Joe Margolis CEO for any closing remarks.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, everyone, for your joining us today. We expect another great year in 2019 despite the challenges we're all aware of and we've all discussed. We operate the resilience sector; our demand is needs based. We're able to achieve high occupancies in positive rate growth and we have significant external growth opportunities. We continue to invest heavily in technology. Our digital marketing in revenue management systems continue to evolve and improve. But none of this would be possible without our people. We have an incredible deep team of dedicated, motivated, engaged employees who live our values every day and are driving our performance and I want to recognize their contributions to our efforts and our success. Thank you all for your interest and now we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norman - Vice President, Investor Relations Joe Margolis - Chief Executive Officer Scott Stubbs - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Samir Khanal - Evercore ISI Smedes Rose - Citi Jonathan Hughes - Raymond James Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Juan Sanabria - Bank of America
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Q3 2018 Extra Space Storage Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Norman. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Lisa. Welcome to Extra Space Storages third quarter 2018 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our Web site. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statement due to risks and uncertainties associated with the Companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the Companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Wednesday, October 31, 2018. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter call and for your interest Extra Space Storage. 2018 is playing out as we expected as we move into the last couple of months of the year. Revenue, NOI and FFO growth are all start remained within guidance and expectations. Occupancy continues to be strong ending the quarter at 93.9%, 20 basis points above 2017s mark. This is especially encouraging, because last years quarter end occupancy benefited from the hurricanes. We continue to have solid rate growth, which was partially offset by increased but expected discounts, resulting in same-store revenue growth of 3.2%. The year-over-year impact from discounts should taper off in the fourth quarter. And we project higher same-store revenue growth. External growth was also strong in the quarter. We continue to be selective and disciplined in our acquisition efforts, but have been able to find acquisitions with acceptable risk adjusted returns, primarily through existing relationships. By year end, we expect to have acquired over $1 billion in properties with Extra Space investing approximately $600 million. Between acquisitions and third-party management contracts, we have added 140 stores through the quarter. We have more than 500 third-party properties and a total of 734 stores, including joint ventures. Our report related to new supply remains generally unchanged. We are seeing an impact from new supply in certain sub-markets, and its impact varies by location. New stars appear to be down in many MSAs already saturated with new development and activity is migrating to markets where there may be a better yield. We continue to see delays in deliveries and see many proposed projects being abandoned. Our highly diversified portfolio, while certainly not immune to the effects of new supply, reduces volatility. And our sophisticated platform is better prepared to respond to competition than ever before. At this time last year, we were reporting the impact hurricanes had on our customers, our employees and our properties. Unfortunately, the Southeast experienced severe weather again, but I am happy to report that our portfolio was relatively unscathed. We did not have any material disruption with customers or employees, and damage to our properties was minimal. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott. 
Scott Stubbs : Thanks, Joe, and happy Halloween, everyone. Last night, we reported core FFO for the quarter of $1.20 per share. Rental rates to new customers continue to be solid. Throughout the quarter, our achieve rental rate was up approximately 3% to 4% year-over-year. As expected and as discussed on our last call, discounts as a percentage of revenue were also up, partially offsetting revenue growth. As Joe mentioned, we anticipate the impact from discounts to decrease in the fourth quarter, resulting in an increase in same-store revenue growth. We saw expense growth normalize in the third quarter, and we were successful in minimizing increases in our controllable expenses. Property taxes, while elevated, were in line with our expectations. The increase in insurance premiums was not a surprise due to the elevated level of property claims caused by last year's hurricane. We also chose to invest more in marketing in the quarter, allowing us to grow rates and keep our stores full heading into the fall and winter. We continue to execute our leverage neutral balance sheet strategy. During the quarter, we increased the percentage of unsecured debt and the size of our unencumbered pool and further laddered our maturities. We're also in the process of increasing and extending our credit facility. In the quarter, we sold $34 million on or ATM at an average price for $99.75 per share. We also disposed off one property in California for $40.7 million. The property was sold at a below market cap rate for an alternative use and we anticipate the reinvested proceeds will produce a significantly higher yield. This store as well as three other stores with large expansions or redevelopment projects were removed from our same store pool, consistent with our guide -- with our same store definition, changing our total same store number to 783 properties. Weve updated our guidance and annual assumptions for 2018. Our same store revenue guidance remains unchanged. Weve increased the bottom end of our same store expense growth by 25 basis points. Weve tightened same store NOI guidance by 25 basis points at both the top and bottom end of the range with the midpoint unchanged. We increased our core FFO guidance by $0.50 at the midpoint. FFO guidance includes $0.06 of dilution from value-add acquisitions and an additional $0.14 of dilution from C of O stores for total dilution of $0.20. The lease-up of these properties continues to exceed underwriting expectations as a portfolio and will generate long-term growth for our shareholders. With that, lets turn the call back over to Jeff to start our Q&A.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Scott. In order to ensure that weve adequate time to address everyone's questions, I would ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief. If time allows, we will address follow-on questions once everyone has had an opportunity to ask their initial question. With that, Lisa, we will start our Q&A.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. I have first question thats coming from Jeremy Metz of BMO Capital. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Joe, on the supply front in your opening remarks, you mentioned delays and deliveries and some projects being abandoned, but you also noted no change to your expectations. So just trying to reconcile those. Because it sounds like some of the items youre pointing to would lead to arguably feeling better about the supply outlook for next year if there are deals starting to fall out?
Joe Margolis: So I think generally our view is unchanged that were in a supply cycle, a development cycle and that its having impact on our operations in stores. Theres some new supply being added and there's some falling out. But I would say last quarter, I was asked about 2019 and I said that we -- subject to what is scheduled for 2018 getting pushed into 2019, I said we thought 2019 would be flat to moderately down in new deliveries. Now based on the data we have now and what we're seeing, I would say 2019 is going to be down. So, we are seeing a slowing in the development cycle and -- but it's not a material change. I mean, were still going to have impact on our operations from new supply in 2019. You have the cumulative effect of what's being delivered but I do see the delivery slowing.
Jeremy Metz: And can you tie that into maybe just some of your bigger measures in terms of where you maybe see supply pressures getting worse even just from deliveries of ones where you maybe see it abating more than others and feel more better?
Joe Margolis: So the Florida markets, I think are going to get worse before they get better. Weve seen the acceleration in Dallas, Portland, I think it's going to get worse; Washington DC, it may get worse; Chicago is a market thats on the other end of the spectrum where were seeing some improvement.
Jeremy Metz: Last one for me. Scott, you mentioned the achieved rates holding in that mid-single-digit range. I think you said 3% to 4% this quarter. Discounting has been a drag, which you noted. So if you factor all that in, where are your net effective rates and how has that been trending?
Scott Stubbs: So our achieved rates for the quarter were 3% to 4%. If you look at the impact of discounts in the quarter, discounts decreased our revenue by about 80 basis points in the quarter. So without discounts, our revenue would have been -- had discussed been flat year-over-year, our revenue would have been 80 basis points higher.
Operator: Next question is coming from Todd Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Todd Thomas: Scott, Joe, your comments about the discounts being lower year-over-year in the fourth quarter and revenue growth being higher. It seems like the comps overall beginning in late 3Q the hurricanes last year and over the next couple quarters, would be a little bit more difficult. I understand the discounting dynamic. But I was just hoping you could provide some additional context around that comment and maybe provide some insight around some of those factors heading into 2019?
Joe Margolis: Yes. So the discounting strategy is just part of our overall revenue maximization strategy. So discounts are the lever that we have chosen to pull this year. And the difference this year versus last year is last year, we did not discount as heavily in the third quarter. So during the summer months of last year, our discounts were low. This year they were high as we chose to keep rate and use discount. So it was more of a comparable from last year than a change in what were doing overall. So, we expect this years discounts pretty comparable to last year. So a portion of that 80 basis points that were -- we saw discounts impact our revenue by about 80 basis points this last quarter. We expect to a big portion of that to not be there in the fourth quarter. So while overall revenue -- year-over-year or sequentially continues to get tougher, revenue -- the rate of growth slows the impact of discounts less than in the fourth quarter.
Todd Thomas: And then how should we think about that? So youre anticipating your model shows revenue growth being higher in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter here. Any insight into how we should think about 2019 just in terms of maybe setting expectations?
Joe Margolis: So, obviously were not ready to give 2019 guidance, well give that on the first quarter. I think with the supply cycle, we expect things to continue to moderate. But I dont think that we expect things to go negative by any mean. So well give our guidance in first quarter of this next year.
Todd Thomas: And just last question for me, the decrease in net tenant insurance income, I dont know if I missed this in your prepared remarks. But was that attributable to the hurricane expenses or is that something else? And how much expense that's not non-recurring, what was in that number? 
JoeMargolis: It actually was not attributable to the hurricanes. We had some claims from the hurricanes but not significantly higher. It was primarily due to some water claims from the tough weather during the winter months of this past year.
Todd Thomas: And how much was that in the quarter?
JoeMargolis: In the quarter, we were $1 million to $2 million high, and some of that was -- some of those claims were made late processed late. So while they happened in the winter months, they didn't get processed or adjusted until third quarter.
Operator: Next question comes from Samir Khanal of Evercore. Your line is open.
Samir Khanal: Scott or Joe, I guess, where do you stand on your views on property taxes for '19 based on where you sit today? I mean, you had -- if I look at your numbers, you had higher taxes, especially in the first half of this year and primarily in 2Q. So if that doesn't repeat, comps could be easier, may be better NOI growth and especially in the first half of '19. It feels like with some of the other companies in our coverage universe, these onetime items of higher taxes, they say it's one-time but then they continue to repeat. So, I want to get your view as we think about '19 growth here?
Scott Stubbs: So certain states are pretty fixed in property tax growth. I mean California is relatively fixed. Other states like Texas or Florida reassess quite frequently and are quite aggressive. As those values approach what things are trading for, they typically slow in their reassessments. So, I think property taxes are potentially your biggest risk on expenses and potentially the biggest benefit in expenses as year-over-year comps become easier or as some of these states flow down in their reassessment.
Samir Khanal: And I guess my second question is just looking at your debt maturity, I know you've got roughly $300 million of debt that's maturing between now and in '19. How should we think about that piece? How will you address that?
Scott Stubbs: We'll continue to do more unsecured debts as we move things forward in '19. If you look at it with extensions, it's actually pretty low in terms of the amount of maturities we have. So we'll extend a portion of that and then we'll continue to fund things with primarily unsecured debt as we move more towards an unsecured balance sheet. 
Operator: Next question comes from Smedes Rose of Citi. Your line is open.
Smedes Rose: I wanted to ask you just for the fourth quarter a year ago. Do you have a sense as to -- was there any impact, lingering impact of higher occupancies due to the hurricanes and maybe what you think what we should be adjusting for this year? And then my second question, I just wanted to ask you on the acquisitions front if you're seeing any changes in pricing and the private market just given the upper bias in interest rates? And if you're not yet, do you have a sense of how long that takes to follow through?
Scott Stubbs: Smedes, I'll address the Florida Houston question and then Joe will take the acquisitions one. Florida really provided no benefit for us last year in terms of upside from the hurricanes. What we saw is lot of people moved in, most of those people moved in the first month free and then moved out 30 days later. Houston was a little bit different. Houston we saw a fairly benefit. Our occupancy jumped quite quickly. But Houston is less than 2% of our portfolio. So I wouldnt tell you its going to impact it significantly. And if you look at our occupancy overall as a portfolio at the end of the third quarter, we are 20 basis points ahead of where we were last year. Even though a market like Houston is 400 basis points behind in our occupancy, Florida is actually slightly behind as of the end of September. Florida will come back in October in terms of occupancy. But we expect Houston to be a tough comp for the year, but a small percentage of our income.
JoeMargolis: Smedes, on the acquisition question. We really have not seen any material change in pricing. We have not seen cap rates increasing. Although, you would expect them to as interest rates go up. I guess as interest rates started to go up, lenders tightened spreads a little bit that made up the difference. But that can't go on forever. So, if there are several rate increases next year, at some point, you would expect cap rates to react but we havent seen it yet.
Smedes Rose: So I mean do you guys remain primarily focused I guess on your third-party managed as a potential pipeline of acquisitions, or I guess where do you stand on external growth at this point?
JoeMargolis: So little over 80% of the $1 billion of acquisitions gross that well do this year came from relationships, either joint venture partners or third-party management of relationships, weve had less than a fifth that were brokered deals where were competing in the market. And I think that's going to continue. We find very few situations where we can be the high bidder in a brokered situation and we're very lucky and fortunate to have these great relationships and some are proprietary pipeline that allows us to continue our external growth.
Operator: Next question is from Jonathan Hughes of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Jonathan Hughes: Joe, just wanted to clarify what you said earlier when you mentioned seeing new supply activity, migrating to markets with better yields. Are those secondary tertiary markets you are talking about, or suburbs and primary markets?
JoeMargolis: I would say secondary tertiary markets. A lot of suburbs are primary market I think of the secondary markets too. So, I would include all of those. But moving out of the main downtown or primary suburbs or excerpts of the maiden markets and moving to these other secondary type markets.
Jonathan Hughes : And then going back to Smedes's question about external growth, your percentage of assets or acquisitions bought out of the third party platform, you said 80% are already managed that was maybe 30% a few years ago. And it get underwriting perfect on those assets. So lower risk. But the strength of your platform is pretty impressive. And why not try to go out and buy more non-managed stores with more operational upside? I mean of course, assuming you can buy them. I am just looking at the integration of these third-party assets -- third-party managed properties into your same store pool going forward and the growth thats going to be lower in the future, because there is not much upside. Is that a fair assessment?
JoeMargolis: For the most part, yes. So, not all of that 80% were manage. Some of it is truly from relationships we have with people and we dont actually manage the properties at the time. Secondly, weve been buying this year more than ever before many of these stores in joint ventures, which even though they are maximized from a management standpoint because we do manage them, we do get outsized returns, because were not investing 100% of the capital but we get a management fee, we get the insurance proceeds and we have the opportunity to earn or promote. In a perfect world, I would love to buy more from the mom and pops and from under managed properties and get them more juice out of the deals, but I want to pay for it. So, well do that when the pricing is right. And when the pricing isnt right, we need to remain disciplined and patient.
Jonathan Hughes : And then just one more and Ill jump off. But could you just maybe give us details on the yields on the operating store acquisition this quarter scheduled to close by year-end? I know you said transactions market hasnt seen any change but curious what you paid for those couple stores? Thanks.
JoeMargolis: So the stores were in different stages of stabilization with the Fort Lauderdale store was fully stabilized and the other stores we underwrote between 10 and 22 months to get the stabilization. So theyre not -- so the initial yield was not always the stabilized yield. But if you average them all together, first year was in the low 5s and stabilized was in the mid-6s.
Jonathan Hughes : And maybe what was the stabilized yield on the Lauderdale acquisition if that one was fully occupied?
JoeMargolis: 6.5
Operator: The next question is coming from Eric Frankel of Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Joe, could you comment a little bit on the cause of some of the supply decreases or the drops in attentive starts?
JoeMargolis: So one thing is that, there is better information out there in the market today now than there was a couple years ago, there is some third-party providers that are doing a pretty good job of putting together information. So when a developer or an equity source or bank is looking at a proposal to build the next door in North Dallas, its fairly easy to see theres a lot there already. And that may not be the smartest thing to build the next store in North Dallas. Secondly, costs are up; interest rates are up, we talked about that; land pricing is up; labor is certainly up; material is up. So you have an increased cost. And then the other side, you have moderating operating projections. If someone honestly underwrites a deal, theyre not going to underwrite 8% rent growth. And so a few that you have increased costs and moderating projections that squeezes your development yield. And then you have lenders that are somewhat more cautious where you have a little bit more difficulty getting loans. So I think all those factors make it harder these days to stick the next shovel in the ground.
Eric Frankel: Is it fair to say that a lot of developers were underwriting a lease up time of say two years, three years or is it most, which is maybe common a couple of years. But that's turned out to be what has historically been a three to five year range?
JoeMargolis: I dont know if it was lease up time or rate. But in general, developers are optimists and they will create a pro forma that has an aggressive lease up rate and aggressive lease up time period, and an aggressive unit mix too, which is what we frequently see where the unit mix is meant to maximize revenue, but may not actually work in the market. And the equity providers and the lenders and the operators, the manager's job to try to make sure that developer has an realistic pro forma and if that can get financed then the deal typically goes forward. And if not, sometimes it gets put on the shelf.
Eric Frankel: Just another developing financing related question, I think when you're public peers as take on the strategy of underwriting a construction mezzanine loan business. Whereas, I think what you and some of your peers, do more of the certificate of occupancy type acquisitions, those are available. Would you consider being in the lending business as well if it led to more investment opportunities?
JoeMargolis: So we do not wanted to be in the lending business for development. And the primary reason for that is because if you make a loan, you have to be willing to own that project. And we don't want to own a brokered development deal where we have to continue development take the project to completion, there's obviously already problems, that's not a risk we're willing to take. We are willing to make loans on completed buildings that we want managed and to be willing to own.
Operator: Next question comes from Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Tayo Okusanya: My first question has to do with the comment made earlier about discounts declining in 4Q. I'm just again wondering how the confidence level you have in that just given some of the supply issues that are still out there, why you wouldn't keep discounts and to try to maximize revenue?
Scott Stubbs: So, I don't think we're necessarily cutting back on discounts. It's more a comp issue. So, we will discount in October, November, December, but the difference is as we also discounted last year in October, November, December. So just seasonally, you typically have more discounts in the fall winter than you do in the summer whereas this year, we increase our discounts in the summer month. So our strategy year-over-year is much more similar this year.
Tayo Okusanya: And then the second question. Just given your meaningful exposure to L.A., as well as San Francisco and some of the talks happening around prop 13, potentially hitting the ballot in 2020. Just wondering what you're hearing about that, what you're thinking about that? And if you've done any homework about what impact that could have on EXR?
Scott Stubbs: So obviously we recognize that it as a risk. Some of our properties are legacy properties that we've owned for quite a while that have just had the 3% raises every year. We have done some math. It's pretty simple math where youre basically comparing what you're paying in taxes today compared to if they were assessed at full value. We understand what that is. Clearly, it's an impact. It will depend a little bit on; one, if it gets passed; and then two, how they phase that in. So, very difficult to really comment on the impact at this point, but it's a risk were monitoring. I think the Self Storage Association is aware of that. I think that there you'll probably see some lobbying efforts around that.
Tayo Okusanya: Is there anything youve done in regards just the worst case analysis like if at all shows up straightaway?
Scott Stubbs: We have, but its probably not something we would want to disclose on the call today.
Operator: The next question comes from Wes Golladay of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Wes Golladay: I just want to go back to the $0.20 dilution this year from acquisitions and C of O deals. Will those be still dilutive next year? I know you might have some more roll in, but just for this comp set here. Will you get to, I guess, a no dilution point next year? And has there been any change in stabilization of C of O deals as far as timing goes?
JoeMargolis: So well continue to add C of O deals, you can see that in our supplement. So, as the value-add and C/O deals that are causing that $0.20 lease-up, we'll have others added into the pool.
Scott Stubbs: And it depends a little bit on what stage theyre at in terms of their lease-up. So a property they opened fourth quarter of this year, clearly, will be dilutive next year. And acquisition that we bought that was 70% full and we bought it in January of this year, it likely is not dilutive next year. So overall, I would tell you, part of that $0.20 continues into next year but it's a different pool, a different group.
Wes Golladay: And then what is still the typical underwriting and what I'd recall before was up to three years, but they were stabilizing maybe one to one-and-a-half-years. Has that changed at all?
JoeMargolis: So we are underwriting C/O deals between 36 and 42 months to achieve economic stabilization, depending on the size of the property in the market that it's in. And were currently doing maybe slightly better than 36 months, maybe 30 to 36 months to get the economic stabilization and were getting to occupancy stabilization earlier than that.
Operator: Next question comes from Todd Stender of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Todd Stender: Probably for Joe just around that your last thoughts there on the C of O and lease-up duration, I wanted to just get a sense of how you're incorporating maybe potentially higher risk in your underwriting assumptions. It just depends on -- it's being acquired within a joint venture wholly owned. Are your yield expectations upfront coming up? Is leverage assumed for these portfolio deals coming up? I just want to get some color maybe -- youre going to expect a little more yield upfront, because the NOI strain going forward might slowdown. Just getting a sense of the risk there?
JoeMargolis: So we -- everything needs to make sense on an unleveraged basis. We underwrite on an unleveraged basis. And if it doesnt make sense, we don't try to do the deal by adding leverage to it. So thats an easy answer. Weve been underwriting pretty consistently at 90% occupancy, 36 to 42 months lease-up and 3% rental rate growth. And some of those -- given where you see our current occupancy and revenue rate growth, some of those maybe conservative numbers. But thats -- we feel thats the right way to underwrite these deals. Our target stabilized yield on C of O deal is and has been for some time 8%, plus and minus, if someone brings us one in a great location and bear temporary market where we take a little less? Yes, probably and a little more another markets; but thats our target yield that we think compensates us for taking the dilution during the lease-up period; and we bring in joint venture partners; so we can stay within our dilution target and we dont have too much dilution; so we can de-risk these deals; so, were doing more of them and spreading our equity out further; and so we can enhance our returns.
Todd Stender: And then lastly, the Menlo Park property sold, you got a huge gain but its also high barrier very affluent market. Is that just an offer you couldnt refuse?
JoeMargolis: So we sold that to in adjacent corporate -- large corporation that wanted the property for an alternative use and we sold around a three cap. So we can take those dollars even though, its probably impossible to build storage in Menlo Park, we can take those dollars and double the yield from them like reinvesting them, which we have done through reverse 1031 exchange. So every property is for sale if someone offers us enough money.
Operator: Next question is from Juan Sanabria of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Juan Sanabria: So I just wanted to touch back on supply? Do you have a sense of what percentage of your portfolio is going to be exposed to that three year rolling supplier '19 versus what that number is in '18, and if that delta is going to be a greater percentage and to what extent?
JoeMargolis: So lets start by looking at '18. About a third of our portfolio moved -- of our own portfolio of 841 stores, will be facing new supply in 2018. But of those stores, almost half of them had not yet been delivered. So, some of those are under construction. So they will be delivered, but therell be pushed into 2019. And others are under the proposed list. So they may or may not be delivered. Under -- in 2019, that number is less than half of that, of what weve identified. So thats where we see the drop off into 2019. Did I answer your question? 
Juan Sanabria: Yes. When you say less than half, so 15% if 18, is that fair? 
JoeMargolis: 14%...
Juan Sanabria: But do you have a sense of what that is on a three year rolling window, not necessarily new deliveries -- three year rolling window of deliveries. Is that more or less? 
JoeMargolis: So it actually goes up. The three year rolling goes up by 9%, because you're dropping off 2016, which was a relatively small number and adding the 2019, which is while a smaller number than 2018, a bigger number than 2016.
Juan Sanabria: And that's up 9% to what or from what base? Just to be get sense of the total portfolio exposed on three year basis?
JoeMargolis: So, a three year ending in 2018, is probably close to 50%. And then you're closer to 60% in the three year ending in 2019. Is that the right question?
Juan Sanabria: Yes sir. Thank you very much, that was perfect. And then just on from a same-store perspective. How should we think about the benefit of the new stores being added next year to pull and relative to the benefit you've had this year, which is come down as the year is gone?
Scott Stubbs: So we haven't completed the 2019 budgets. But I think the majority to benefit will come from C of O stores that are moving into that pool and less from acquisitions. I think that -- I would tell you it's going to be somewhat minimal. It's a big enough same-store pool and you're not bringing that many properties in that the number is not going to be that significant.
Juan Sanabria: And one last question for me. So you said that the concessions were about any an 80 basis points drag to the third quarter same-store revenues. And you've described the fourth quarter given an easier comp has not been an issue. Does that mean that that 80 point delta goes away to zero in terms of a drag on a year-over-year basis?
Scott Stubbs: Not sure it goes to zero, but a significant portion of it goes away.
Operator: There are no remaining questions. I would like to turn the call back over for further remarks.
Joe Margolis: Thank you. Thank you for joining us today. We are pleased with our platform and our team's ability to continue to drive rental rates and occupancy. We have always invested in our platform, our portfolio and our people and it is paying dividends in the current competitive environment. 2018 is following our expectations and our diversified portfolio is performing well. We're excited about our outsized external growth as we enhance our size, scale and brand. We thank you for your interest in and support of Extra Space Storage. We look forward to seeing you and speaking with everyone at NAREIT. Have a great rest of the day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-01 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norman - Vice President, Investor Relations Joseph Margolis - Chief Executive Officer Scott Stubbs - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. George Hoglund - Jefferies Smedes Rose - Citigroup Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors Ronald Kamdem - Morgan Stanley Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities Michael Bilerman - Citigroup
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2018 Extra Space Storage Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Jeff Norman. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Valerie. Welcome to Extra Space Storages second quarter 2018 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statement due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Wednesday, August 1, 2018. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of the changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joseph Margolis: Thanks, Jeff. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter call and for your interest Extra Space Storage. We have crossed this years midpoint and to date, the year is right in line with our expectations and with our guidance with the exception of some uncontrollable expense items. Revenue is on budget and occupancy continues to strong ending the quarter at 94.2%. We have maintained pricing power during the busy summer leasing season with achieved rates up mid single digits. This led to same-store revenue growth of 4.1%. New supply continues to be at the forefront of most operators and investors minds, and we are certainly focused on it as well. Our view continues to be the same. We are seeing an impact from new supply in certain submarkets and its impact varies by location. We are benefiting from our highly diversified portfolio across primary and secondary markets. This reduces the impact of individual market volatility. In addition, our best-in-class platform continues to drive high-quality traffic to our stores and our proprietary revenue management systems are optimizing price and promotion to convert that traffic to rentals. As I mentioned on our last call, our scale and technology advantages become more apparent in periods of elevated supply. We continue to focus on and invest in our platform to maintain this advantage. These advantages reflect a significant growth in our third-party management platform. We added 42 stores in the second quarter and we are approaching 100 stores year-to-date. Between our third-party and JV programs, we now manage 700,stores which continues to be the largest in the business. Were happy to report that Inside Self-Storage magazine just named us as the best third-party management company for the seventh year in a row. The acquisitions market continues to be competitive with numerous types of capital seeking exposure to the sector. We have yet to see any expansion in cap rates despite elevated interest rates and supply. We continue to be selective and disciplined in our acquisition efforts. This year, we are primarily sourced accretive acquisition opportunities through existing relationships, rather than in the open bid auction market. In the quarter, we invested $274 million through a combination of wholly-owned and joint venture acquisition, which includes the buyout of a JV partners interest in a 14 property portfolio for $204 million, which we highlighted in our first quarter call. Year-to-date, our acquisitions closed or under contract to close in 2018 totaled just end of our annual guidance of $600 million. Before I turn the time over to Scott, I want to reiterate. Revenue performance year-to-date is solid and exactly as we expected. As we discussed on our last call and as our guidance implies, we knew revenue would be accelerated and elevated discounts would create a headwind in the second and third quarters. We are pleased with our strong late growth in occupancy, which has allowed us to increase our FFO guidance. I will now turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Joe, and hello, everyone. Last night, we reported core FFO for the quarter of $1.15 per share, exceeding the high-end of our guidance by $0.01. The beat was primarily due to stronger than expected tenant reinsurance income. Rental rates to new customers continue to be strong. Throughout the quarter, our achieved rental rate was up approximately 5% to 6% year-over-year. As expected, and as discussed on our last call, discounts as a percentage of revenue were also up, partially offsetting revenue growth. We anticipate elevated discounting levels to continue in the third quarter. Discounts should taper off later in the year reducing the impact on fourth quarter revenue growth. Our guidance included outsized expense growth in the first-half of 2018 due to negative expense comps in the first and second quarters of 2017. Same-store expenses were up 4.9% in the second quarter, which was in line with our forecast with the exception of property taxes. We had three properties receive unbudgeted tax increases for 2016, 2017 and 2018 that totaled $872,000. Without the impact of these three stores, expense growth for the quarter would have been 3.5%. We continue to execute our balance sheet strategy to increase our percentage of unsecured debt and the size of our unencumbered pool and prudently ladder our maturities. During the quarter, we announced a 10-year $300 million private placement, which was funded on July 17. We also negotiated better terms for a number of existing secured loans, which lowered rates, extended maturity date and reduced maturity concentrations in 2020. Subsequent to the quarter-end, we sold $34 million on our ATM at an average price of $99.75 per share. The decision to access the ATM was based on lower than expected OP unit issuance, as well as last quarters increase in acquisitions guidance. Weve updated our guidance in annual assumptions for 2018. We raised the bottom-end of our same-store revenue guidance by 25 basis points to be 3.75% to 4.25%. Weve increased the top-end and the bottom-end of our same-store expense growth by 50 basis points to 4% to 4.75% due to uncontrollable expenses in the first few quarters. The changes to revenue expense guidance results in unchanged same-store NOI guidance of 3.25% to 4.5%. Weve increased our core FFO guidance to be $4.60 to $4.67 per share. In 2018, we anticipate $0.06 of dilution from value-add acquisitions and an additional $0.15 of dilution from C of O stores for a total dilution of $0.21. Our investment in C of O stores and value-add acquisitions continue to improve the quality of our portfolio and generate long-term growth for our shareholders. With that, lets turn it over to Jeff to start our Q&A.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Scott. In order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyones questions, I would ask everyone to keep your initial questions brief. As time allows, we will address follow-on questions once everyone has had the opportunity to ask their initial question. And with that, Valerie, lets go ahead and start our Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Juan Sanabria of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good morning. Just hoping we could talk a little bit about supply and your latest expectation for 2019 deliveries versus 2018 and thinking about things on a three-year rolling basis, maybe how 2019, at least, your thoughts now compared to 2016?
Joseph Margolis: Sure. Our supply outlook hasnt really changed that much from last quarter. We would expect 2019 to be similar to slightly moderating down from 2018 subject, of course, to things getting delayed and being pushed from  into 2019, which seems to happen a lot in this business, things just dont deliver on time. So overall, when you look at national numbers, I would expect a similar to slightly down number. But whats more important is, where the product is being delivered. And we do see a shift in the markets to where folks are concentrating, less people looking, less if any people looking at markets like Dallas and more people looking to secondary market-to-markets, which havent yet been impacted as much by new supply.
Juan Sanabria: Great. And then just on the same-store revenue, how should we expect the trajectory of second-half growth to be? And would you characterize a fourth quarter run rate as a good sort of starting block in terms of thinking about 2019 growth?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So, Juan, its Scott. So if you look at our guidance and you look at kind of how were looking at the year, I think, our top line revenue growth kind of ignoring discounts for a second here. Our top line revenue growth implies deceleration throughout the year. So weve implied that in our guidance, weve talked about that. The impact of discounts are going to be larger in the second and third quarter with that impact moderating into the fourth quarter. So you could potentially see the fourth quarter be slightly higher year-over-year than the third quarter. So thats kind of the current year. Im not sure were ready to give 2019 guidance, but thats our outlook for the current year.
Juan Sanabria: Could you quantify the drag in the second quarter for  from the discounting?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. The discount drag in the second quarter was about 40 basis points.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Juan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks. Hey, guys. Joe, I just wanted to go back to your comments on supply just now about 2019 at this point kind of expectations feel like it could be in line to even slightly down. Im just wondering what youre seeing out there in the market today that, that gives you that confidence that it doesnt actually ramp up just given that return are still quite good and obviously, fundamentals are holding in there?
Joseph Margolis: So its hard to have perfect transparency to 2019 or high-level of confidence as you characterize it. But what we do see is our costs are certainly going up, interest is going up, labor is going up, materials, steel is going up. So you have an increased cost basis and we know projects that are being canceled and not pursued because of cost. And you do have moderating although solid fundamentals. So I think, between discipline of some of the developers whove been in this business for a while and understand the business and lending some discipline from lenders, and Im not going to say that theres discipline all the way across the Board. I think you will have some market forces that moderate development. Certainly, youll see that in markets where saturated, right? Its hard to find  it is that keep using Dallas as the punching bag. But its hard to find a site in North Dallas that makes sense now.
Jeremy Metz: No, that makes sense. But  and it sounds like lending is at least one of those factors that youre seeing maybe get a little tougher at this point?
Joseph Margolis: Situationally, I think, theres a lot of local folks who have their local banks who can get loans, but its a  it is a factor thats getting tougher.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. And then just second one for me. I mean, you talked about the advantages the larger players have on revenue management technology front, especially at points in the cycle like were in where supply is rising. So, Joe, as you look at your systems today, the results youre generating, are you happy with where the system is at today or will you continue to put more capital into it? And where do you really see the biggest opportunities for improvement, or what are you most excited about on that front going forward?
Joseph Margolis: So were happy with our systems and always never happy with our system. So were always seeking to improve, particularly in the world with technology, anytime you standstill, youre just hoarding duck. So we spend a lot of time and effort trying to improve our models, improve our systems, do many, many different tests to find out how we can maximize revenue, deliver a better product to our customer, and I just think its something that we do well and I hope we continue to do well.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks for the time.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Jeremy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Todd Thomas of KeyBanc Capital. Your line is open.
Todd Thomas: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon. First question just back to the discount drag that you talked about the 40 basis points the same-store revenue in the second quarter. Will that drag in the third quarter be the same or more than it was in the second quarter?
Scott Stubbs: Comparable to slightly higher. You have summer months, we typically dont discount as months as much and in this quarter, you really have July and August, where last quarter you had May and June, but typically more rentals in July and August.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then, Scott, your comments, so it sounds like same-store revenue growth might trough in the third quarter and then begin to improve sequentially into the fourth quarter just based on your comments. Is that the right read?
Scott Stubbs: That the way were looking at it, correct.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then just last question on  for the third-party management business, how many net additions are you anticipating at year-end? And is this sort of pace of additions to the platform anticipate it to continue in 2019?
Joseph Margolis: So were 75 net additions to our third-party management platform through the second quarter, and we expect that pace to continue for the rest of this year. I would not be surprised to see it slowdown in 2019 as about two-thirds of our additions are development. And as development starts to moderate, I would expect, we would feel that in our third-party management platform.
Todd Thomas: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Smedes Rose of Citi. Your line is open. One moment. one moment please. Im sorry, one moment please. Okay. Our next question comes from George Hoglund of Jefferies. Your line is open.
George Hoglund: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Just one thing looking at the trends in third-party management, just kind of following on that question line. What have you seen recently in terms of canceled contracts whether its customers who are exiting to go to another manager or customers internalizing their own management?
Joseph Margolis: We only had one experience with the customer internalizing its own management that was last year when we lost a large portfolio and we talked about that. Part of the business is that, people will sell their properties or have some type of transition and you will occasionally lose property. So weve lost six in the first quarter and we lost two in the second quarter, and thats just part of the business. I dont think weve seen any trends increase or a different behavior in terms of owners.
George Hoglund: And those six in the first quarter, two in the second quarter, were all those due to basically property is getting sold and then the new owners looking to switch management, or any of these just people those switching for any other reason?
Joseph Margolis: So we lost one contract for someone switching to another manager. We were not willing to make the fee concessions necessary to retain that contract. And that happens. To date, that has happened very, very occasionally, but when it happens, thats part of business.
George Hoglund: Okay, thanks. And then also just looking at acquisitions going forward kind of what trends are you seeing in competition for assets in terms of any new sort of players in the market that have new recent inflows of capital theyre looking to put to work?
Joseph Margolis: We continue to see a lot of interest in self-storage investment. I mean, the basic fundamentals of the property type are still very strong with 94% occupancy, positive revenue growth and to the extent, people are concerned about it downturn in the economy. This is an asset class. It performs well in a downturn economy. So theres a lot of reasons that people are interested in that in this asset class. For that reason, theres a lot of different types of money from big private equity funds to more local regional people who put together pools of money and looking to invest in asset classes. And its our opinion thats why we havent seen the expansion in cap rates is that theres such a demand for the asset class.
George Hoglund: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, George.
Operator: Thank you. Our next lines comes from Smedes Rose of Citi. Your line is open.
Smedes Rose: Hi, can you hear me?
Joseph Margolis: Yes.
Smedes Rose: Thanks. Sorry, were still learning power phones here apparently. I just wanted to ask you so three. The tax increase on three stores costs you $1 million. So with 800 owned stores and another 200 in JVs and 250 managed, like what  how do you think about maybe the risk going forward for kind of unbudgeted tax increases? And whats the risk across your other assets, I guess?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, Smedes, this is Scott. This was actually kind of a unique situation, where a school board challenged the valuation that was put on by the local municipality and obviously had a negative impact on us. That affected 2016, 2017 and 2018. In terms of prior years, the risk on this happening in this situation to other properties is not an issue, its the statutes of running that. We constantly are looking at reassessment. This was one that went against us, it happens occasionally. But I wouldnt tell you the risk is any greater today than it has been in the past. More often than not, we win appeals and we have these types of surprises.
Smedes Rose: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Smedes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Frankel of Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. Joe, do you have any sense just based on the  what you perceive as a more a moderate  moderating supply growth challenge in 2019? How much of a decrease do you think thats attributable to rising construction costs?
Joseph Margolis: I dont  to the extent we have moderation in 2019. I dont think I have anyway to kind of allocate the causes between rising construction costs or tighter lending or just the top line going down. So development yields are getting suppressed. Im not sure I can divide up those different causes.
Eric Frankel: Maybe I can ask that question a little differently. How much overall cost increases are your development partners seeing today versus say a year ago to construct a self-storage facility, excluding land?
Joseph Margolis: So I would tell you that we were hearing about 10% to 15% increases in steel before the tariffs were announced. So we know we have some increases there, labor interest rates. So I think, if you put that all together, you probably have 10% to 15% increases in overall cost, ex land.
Eric Frankel: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you. And just a follow-up question. Do you perceive in your budgeting weeks going forward the next foreseeable future wage rates appreciate the same pace it has this year?
Scott Stubbs: So our current year increase, I would tell you, is attributable not so much to wage rate pressure, its attributable more to the fact that our benefits saw from outside growth this year. Our health insurance and benefits increased faster than they have in the past. And then the second thing I would attribute it to is a very tough comp. Last year through two quarters, we were negative 2% on payroll. So if you kind of look at it on a two-year rolling number, its pretty much inflationary. Our healthcare has not gone up for several years. So we experience an outsize this year. We hope to be able to control more than inflationary number.
Eric Frankel: Thank you for the explanation.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks.
Joseph Margolis: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our question comes from Ronald Kamdem of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey. Yes, I just had a quick question on San Francisco. Just looking at some of the deceleration this quarter. Just curious if you can maybe provide any color there, and how you guys thinking about the market and maybe the West Coast in general? Thanks.
Joseph Margolis: So our numbers in San Francisco are really driven by San Jose. So San Jose is weaker than San Francisco and Oakland, which are doing better.
Ronald Kamdem: Got it. And then if I can just ask another quick one about acquisitions. Clearly, this year a lot of success being able to source a lot of off-market deals. So maybe if you can just kind of comment on what that pipeline looks like? So is this  is there a kind of a one, two-year runway where you can continue to kind of source these attractive deals? Thanks.
Joseph Margolis: Our pipeline of off-market opportunities is really hard to predict right, because you never know when these opportunities are going to come up. We know that some of our joint ventures that we have are in either finite life funds or funds that well be seeking exit at some point and we hope to have an opportunity to acquire those assets, but theres no guarantee. But what I can tell you is, if history is any guide, if you look back, weve been pretty successful year-after-year-after-year in generating a significant portion of our acquisition pipeline from our relationships either on the management side or on the joint venture side or just our relationships with people weve done business with for many, many years. And I dont see any reason why that shouldnt continue in the future.
Ronald Kamdem: Helpful. Thanks so much.
Joseph Margolis: Thanks, Ron.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Sakwa of Evercore. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. I guess, good morning out there still. Just wanted to maybe talk a little bit about customer rate increases. And just how youre sort of looking at the new customers, folks staying kind of on the short-end of the curve and then the longer state customers. And are you seeing any kind of trends in length of stay or ability to absorb rent increases in the two different buckets of customers?
Joseph Margolis: Yes. Our length of stay, Steve, continues to increase mildly or moderately here. So customers are behaving very similar to way they have in the past. Our existing customer rate increases are still high single digits. We continue to do those on a monthly basis. We have a roll down in rates of between 5% to 10% depending on the time of the year similar to what its been in the past. And customers are reacting very, very similar to way they have in the past to rate increases and rates in general.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And then, I guess, maybe just circling back on the expense question. I know its kind of been asked a bunch of different ways. But as you kind of look into next year and you look at kind of just overall operating expense growth, is there anything that would kind of get you nervous outside of that one-time sort of hit you had here in the second quarter? I mean, do you sort of look at expenses being at a similar rate next year, or do you think things could accelerate because of wages potential, still upward pressure on real estate taxes?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, the two or three areas that we  I would kind of point you to. One is, I think, youll continue to have some pressure on property taxes just with valuations where they are, municipalities reassessing things. So property taxes are always risk. Our insurance  our property insurance is going up also. Youll see an increase in the back-half of this year. We renewed it at the 1st of June, and thats due to the fact that weve actually been kept a very low for several years and with the hurricane year that we had last year it went up. But overall, I think, we hope to keep things inflationary with property taxes probably being the biggest risk and then the current year bump in that insurance.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, thanks. Thats it for me.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Steve.
Joseph Margolis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] One moment please. We have a question from Todd Stender of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Todd Stender: Hi, thanks. Just looking at the investments you made alongside your JV partner, I wanted to compare those to what you would consider. I guess, for your wholly-owned investments, can you go through the five operating stores and maybe how they compare to the seven silo properties that you made alongside the JV partner?
Scott Stubbs: It was actually combined. So it was stores that were in lease up, as well as some stores made a Certificate of Occupancy So the stores that were in lease up have been open between one and two years. So its all one joint venture investment.
Todd Stender: What kind of growth  can you go into some of the economics around that maybe growth rates just to see if a property opening now or whether its in lease up? The economics around that growth rates yields expected in the first two years, call it, and then silo property?
Scott Stubbs: In terms of our underwriting assumptions?
Todd Stender: Yes, see where we are in the cycle?
Joseph Margolis: So well  yes. So well typically underwrite  all of these stores had a significant portion of lease up. The C of O stores obviously had 100%, the others were lightly occupied, so still had significantly lease up. So well look at the markets. Well determine the rates we believe we can achieve based on what were achieving in our stores around whats coming in the way of development what the local economic situation is. Well underwrite those rates. We typically grown at 3%, and we will attach certain discounting to those rates to achieve lease up to economic stabilization. When we underwrite C of O stores, we want to get to an 8, maybe 7.5 to an 8 on stabilization. The yield to us in a joint venture is much higher, its in the double digits because of the effect of the joint venture.
Todd Stender: And that would be leverage and third-party management fees?
Joseph Margolis: No. Thats  those are all unleveraged numbers, but including management fees.
Todd Stender: Okay. And all these properties, are they included in your 42 third-party management additions?
Joseph Margolis: No. When we talk about third-party management stores, we talk just about stores we manage whereas the owner owns 100%.
Todd Stender: Okay.
Joseph Margolis: We also manage our joint venture stores, but we dont refer to those as managed stores.
Todd Stender: Got it. Thank you.
Joseph Margolis: Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Smedes Rose of Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, its Michael Bilerman here with Smedes. Joe, just wanted to get your sort of views around equity issuance, especially with the furthering of the external growth through the acquisitions that you just talked about. You tapped the ATM, as the stock got to almost $100, raising just over $30 million. Stocks back down to the low-90s still trading at a low 5% implied cap rate. I guess, how do you  give us some sort of goalposts of how you think about using the ATM and doing equity, especially as the external growth pipeline, which you desire continues to be there to expand?
Joseph Margolis: Yes. So we  our goal and our strategy is to maintain to be leverage neutral, to maintain leverage neutrality as we grow. So we need  as we find acquisitions, we need to find ways to capitalize those. And as you point out, as our pipeline grows, our need for capital grows. We will certainly  and as we did tap our ATM or seek equity when we have a need for it, and we also use other sources of capital, for example, sales proceeds. Well have some sales, it is used when we use those capital. So equity certainly, is an option for us and when we have a use for it, well consider it.
Michael Bilerman: Right. But I guess, how do you think about the pricing of that capital? It seems that during the second quarter, even though you had, call it, $300 million to $400 million forward commitment between the acquisition and the developments. You didnt do it. It wasnt only until the stock really ratcheted up close to $100. Im just trying to get your sort of views around how you view the common equity at various prices relative to selling assets?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So from our perspective, as we gave guidance this year, we looked at OP unit issuance. It was coming in a little bit light. Clearly, we want to issue equity when we feel like were appropriately priced. This year, we will sell an asset here in the third quarter that is one thats going to go for a very below market cap rate. Its a higher and better used situation. So our issue, were up against today is, were trying to balance cash on hand with the equity needs. And so at this point, we felt like this was the best way to do it and remain leverage neutral.
Michael Bilerman: And how big is that asset sale just dollar-wise?
Scott Stubbs: Its about $40 million.
Michael Bilerman: And is there any other sales occurring in the back-half of the year that we should be aware of?
Scott Stubbs: Thats the only one under contract.
Michael Bilerman: And you said that will be below market cap rate. So are we talking somewhere in the 3% to 4%, 4% to 5%, 5% to 6%?
Scott Stubbs: So its being sold to a non-self storage user and it will be substantially low cap rate.
Michael Bilerman: And when you  Scott, when you say appropriately valued, I guess, should we view $100 as appropriately valued, or is the current price at $92 million appropriately valued to where you would execute?
Scott Stubbs: I think, its time on the table in the range where it is today if we have a place to put it.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Sakwa of Evercore. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Yes, Sorry, guys. Just one quick follow-up. Can you just maybe talk about the business demand that youre seeing? And has there been any real change in that kind of line? And do you expect that to change in 2019?
Joseph Margolis: We have not seen any change in demand from business customers. We think its been very steady for many, many, many years. So we dont expect to change in 2019. We also and maybe this is different between us and our peers. We like the retail customers better than the business customers. The business customers can drive high bar gains. Theyre difficult to raise rents on. And if we can fill our stores to to 94% and maintaining our current percentage of business customers, were very happy with.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. Thanks, Joe. I appreciate it.
Joseph Margolis: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Im showing no further questions at this time. Id like to turn the conference back over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer for any closing remarks.
Joseph Margolis: Thank you. Thanks to everyone for joining us today. We are pleased with our ability to drive rental rates and occupancy in the face of heightened new competition. 2018 is following our expectations. In our diversified portfolio, investment class platform are performing well. We continue to execute our strategy to combine steady property level NOI performance with consistent external growth to produce strong FFO growth per share. Thank you, and I hope everyone enjoys the remainder of this summer.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norman - VP, IR Joe Margolis - CEO Scott Stubbs - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Nick Yulico - UBS Smedes Rose - Citi George Hoglund - Jefferies Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets Jonathan Hughes - Raymond James Rob Simone - Evercore ISI Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2018 Extra Space Storage Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. And instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norman, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Chelsea. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statement due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, Wednesday, May 2, 2018. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of the changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter call and for your interest in Extra Space Storage. 4 months into the year, 2018 is progressing as planned. We held occupancy through the winter months and ended the quarter with over 92%, 10 basis points ahead of 2017. The steady demand for our need-based product, together with our ability to capture customers, not only allowed us to maintain occupancy but also gave us pricing power. This pricing power drove same-store revenue growth of 5.2% in the quarter and positions us well heading into the summer leasing season. We continue to see new supply, which has an impact on performance in certain submarkets. However, our digital marketing platform is doing a great job driving qualified traffic, and our proprietary revenue management systems are optimizing price and promotion to convert the traffic to rentals. Our technological advantage over smaller operators, together with our diversified portfolio, have led to steady performance. In periods of elevated supply and heightened competition, the advantages held by the larger operators become more apparent, and we see that in the market today. We continue to have success acquiring properties through off-market transactions. In the quarter, we invested $71 million in 6 acquisitions and completed a $40 million development. All but one of these acquisitions were from existing relationships where we did not have to compete on the open market. Subsequent to quarter-end, we closed a buyout of a joint venture partner's interest in a 14-property portfolio for $204 million. While the cap rate for the portfolio was at market, the sale resulted in Extra Space realizing an embedded promoted interest in the joint venture of $14 million. After crediting the promoted interest to Extra Space, the effective first year cap rate was approximately 6%. We continue to explore opportunities to enhance shareholder returns through mutually beneficial partnerships. We also continue to see significant growth in our third-party management platform. In the quarter, we added 41 stores and we expect to add a similar amount in the second quarter. Additions to our third-party platform continue to be a mix of newly constructed and existing properties, bringing high-quality stores into our system as well as additional income. Between our third-party program and our JV stores, we have 672 managed stores, which continues to be the largest in the business. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Joe, and hello, everyone. Our core FFO for the quarter was $1.09 per share, exceeding the high end of our guidance by $0.01. The beat was primarily due to better-than-expected property performance and lower-than-anticipated interest expense due to the timing of acquisitions. As Joe mentioned, our same-store revenue growth was 5.2% for the quarter. This was primarily driven by new customer rate growth, which was up 4% to 5% year-over-year. Discounts were down a percentage of revenue in Q1. However, we project discounts to increase in upcoming quarters as we expect to use them more heavily in the summer months. Same-store expenses were up 6.9%, which is a significant increase from the low expense levels we have seen in the last several quarters. However, it was not a surprise. Due to a very difficult Q1 2017 expense comp of negative 2%, we expected higher expense growth in the first quarter. The increases can largely be attributed to property taxes, which, while elevated, were on budget; and outsized snow removal and utility expenses. Snow removal and utility overages were driven by weather events in the Northeast and came in approximately $1 million over budget and $1.1 million over last year's numbers. We've revised our guidance and annual assumptions for 2018. We raised the bottom end of our same-store revenue guidance by 25 basis points to 3.5% to 4.25%. We have done the same for the same-store expense growth, which is also revised at 3.5% to 4.25%, resulting in same-store NOI growth of 3.25% to 4.5%. We also increased our acquisition guidance to $600 million to reflect the JV buyout we just closed. Of the $600 million, $482 million is closed or under contract. The $118 million that is not closed or under contract is projected to close towards the end of the year and won't have a material impact on our earnings. Seller pricing expectations are still high and we are committed to being disciplined. While we expect additional opportunities throughout the year, we will only transact the prices that will create value for our shareholders even if that means investing less than our guidance. Our full year core FFO is estimated to be between $4.57 and $4.66 per share. In 2018, we anticipate $0.06 of dilution from value-add acquisitions and an additional $0.15 of dilution from C of O stores for a total dilution of $0.21. Our investments in our C of O stores and value-add acquisitions continue to improve the quality of our portfolio and generate long-term growth for our shareholders. With that, now let's turn it over to Jeff to start our Q&A.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Scott. In order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyones questions, I would ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief. If time allows, we will address follow-on questions once everyone had an opportunity to ask their initial questions. And with that, Chelsea
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, thanks for the time. I was just hoping you can comment on the strength of demand. Seems like you had more vacates than move-ins this quarter and last quarter. So just curious if you can give broader comments as to what that is and just your view on demand. And how should we think about that, given the fact that your occupancy went up? I'm not sure if it was just the size of the units.
Joe Margolis: So demand continues to be very steady. We don't see any turndown in demand across any of our channels. Our net rentals were actually up in the first quarter, and we're very positive on that in the winter months.
Juan Sanabria: Was there any impact from the weather, though? Because it looked like move-ins versus move-outs were kind of negative, and this is the second quarter in a row.
Joe Margolis: I think if you look at move-ins in the first quarter versus move-outs in the first quarter, you'll see we were positive and very consistent with our 8-year average.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. And then just on Street rates. I was just hoping you could give us any color on the net effect of Street rates throughout the first quarter and into April, and how you're seeing things trending.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. During the first quarter, we saw new customers come in at rates that are 4% to 5% above last year, and April continues to be pretty consistent with the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nick Yulico with UBS. Your line is open.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. I guess, question on the guidance. I mean, even though you did have a modest raise to the guidance, it seems that the first quarter was well ahead of the full year guidance range. So could you just explain what's -- what factors we should be thinking about in the back half of the year that create some slow in growth?
Joe Margolis: So we project, as Scott mentioned in his remarks, that we're going to have -- we're going to use the discounting tool more in the summer and that will provide a little bit of a drag. We're continuing to face development cycle, new supply, and that affects certain of our properties. That being said, we feel we're putting up good numbers and performing well in the face of the new supply. And we have increasing interest rates, which also be an effect.
Scott Stubbs: Nick, if you look at the big changes in guidance, they're primarily related to interest expense, which obviously increases due to the $200 million acquisition which we financed all with debt. And then, also, we increased interest expense slightly due to a change in the LIBOR curve, which you've seen recently. In addition to that, we had a slight adjustment in our tenant insurance and a couple of other items. But those are the big kind of puts and takes, and then also the benefit of the $200 million acquisition we just did.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And then question on supply. What are your thoughts on the supply impact this year and -- versus last year or maybe on a three year moving period? How are you thinking about where we are in the supply cycle? And which markets within your portfolio you think are facing the most competition from a new supply standpoint right now?
Joe Margolis: We're certainly right in the heart of the development cycle and more of our stores are being impacted this year than last year. And the markets that are problematic continue to be some of the markets that we've talked about in the past, New York City, Dallas, we see South Florida. And then we're starting to see markets like Tampa or Portland, Phoenix that we're actually doing very well in now, but we feel there is some supply coming in those markets. Again, and I don't feel like I want to repeat myself, but even in the face of this development cycle, we're coming out of the winter months at 92% occupied -- occupancy with positive rent growth. And we have many markets that we're not facing similar supply challenges. We have a broadly diversified portfolio and we have highly, highly developed proprietary systems that maximize revenue in the face of new competition. So we're not ignoring new supply, we understand what it is, our guidance reflects it, but we're able to operate pretty well in the face of these conditions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Smedes Rose with Citi. Your line is open.
Smedes Rose: Just to follow up on that. I wanted to ask you. Do you -- you mentioned that seller pricing hasn't really changed, your expectations are still high. So are facilities transacting? Or are people -- are they just waiting leading and thinking that at some point they'll get the price they want? It just seems surprising that pricing wouldn't have come down somewhat given deceleration that leaps across all of the public companies in terms of same store. And I guess along with that, are you seeing any changes in the availability of capital for developers in terms of either from lenders or our shrinking returns, then changing their thoughts about new development?
Joe Margolis: Smedes, I'm surprised as you are that we haven't seen any increases in cap rates. Certainly, deceleration increasing in interest rates, other factors would make you think there should be some price movement. But I think all of that is offset by just a large, large amount of lots and different types of capital seeking exposure to self-storage space. And deals are transacting and we see lots of capital from large private equity funds to more regional people who just put together a small pool of money, and they're buying self-storage. On the development side, there are factors that I would expect to slow down the development factor. Construction costs have increased even before the steel tariffs were announced. Steel was up 15%. Construction costs are up. Labor costs are up. Interest rate costs are up. So when you take all of those factors on the cost side and if you do honest underwriting on the revenue side, development yields are starting to shrink. And it's certainly our hope that, that will slow down some of the development that should be taking place right now.
Bennett Rose: Okay. And then when you mentioned -- you bought out your JV partner's interest, which wasn't included in your initial outlook at the 4Q. I mean, so was that something they came to you with? Or was it something you were working but you weren't sure that it would be completed this year? Or just how did that, I guess, change from last report to this one?
Joe Margolis: We were working on it at the last report, but it was not in any way firmed up. We did not know about it earlier -- much earlier than that. This is a single client account of one of our partners that is in somewhat of a drawdown mode and they're liquidating properties to generate cash, and we were able to take advantage of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Hoglund with Jefferies. Your line is open.
George Hoglund: Just one question continuing on the capital interest in the space. With all this demand from private equity looking to get in the space, do you think at some point we see them try to go out to one of the public companies to get a larger portfolio? Or why haven't we seen that happen to date?
Joe Margolis: Well, that's hard to comment on other than it's a management-intensive business. And if someone was going to make a play for a large company, they would have to have a way to operate it. And I'm assuming if they're going after a public company that means they're not happy with the current operators, so they have to figure that out. I don't know whether that's -- if that's going to happen or not.
George Hoglund: Okay. And then just on the buying out JVs, do you think there's greater interest from some of your JV partners to liquidate sooner rather than later? Or is there -- are you noticing any change in sort of desire for your partners to remain invested?
Joe Margolis: So we have a variety of partners. Some are with perpetual life open-end funds that may never sell, and others are either closed-end funds or IR-driven or have other incentives, and it's truly a case-by-case basis.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks. Scott, acquisition volumes were more than double your initial expectations here. You mentioned earlier funding this with debt. I'm sure it's just a rounding issue, but your share count guidance is down 100,000. The stock today that, call it, 12% to 13% premium to consensus NAV. So can you just talk your decision here to fund activity with debt, thoughts around using your equity for currency? And then is this something we should look for if you're able to continue to source additional deals from here?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So our guidance is up from $400 million to $600 million. So we are not quite double. We left the same $50 million in equity in there. We're always looking at the best source of capital. I think that equity is always an option. It's -- for modeling purposes, we used the $50 million and it doesn't really move your ratios much to go from $400 million to $600 million. In terms of your share count, part of that is timing on when those OP units were issued, they pushed towards later in the year. And again, we're always going to try to use the cheapest cost of capital possible. And equity, if we were to ever issue equity, you'd want to do it when your stock is appropriately valued and you'd want to do it when you have somewhere to put that money to work. We don't look to issue equity just to pay down debt. We feel like equity is more expensive than debt.
Joe Margolis: And overall, we're targeting to remain leverage neutral. So while we'll fund this with debt, we're -- because of our NOI growth, we're maintaining a leverage-neutral position.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. Appreciate that. And then sticking with the acquisitions, you talked about generating a lot of off-market activity here. Can you just kind of give some color on what's driving increased activity maybe relative to some of your initial expectations? I know it's a little hard to forecast acquisitions, but wondering if the activity is a result of sellers today who previously were holding on but maybe just want to completely sell on now given the rising supply are good, but even -- but lower revenue growth expectation at this point.
Joe Margolis: So the -- all of the increase in our expectations is this one transaction, the JV buyout. Other than that, our acquisition volumes are as projected. But we are seeing folks who have built a new self-storage facility. They're somewhere in the lease-up process. And either it's not going as well as the expected or it's not going as well as the bank's expected, or they're nervous about the future and they want to take their chips off the table, we are seeing some of those opportunities. But again, pricing has got to be right for us to transact, Scott.
Scott Stubbs: And if you look at where our acquisitions are weighted this year, excluding this $200 million transaction, there's a lot of C of O deals that we've been working on for the past several years and those are just completing this year and will close this year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jonathan Hughes with Raymond James.
Jonathan Hughes: So looking at the New York same-store pool, revenues there were up almost 4%, but that was down a little bit from the fourth quarter. And I know that's one of the more supply-impacted markets. But could you just talk about what happened there? Was it just new openings or maybe the properties added this year were responsible for the deceleration? Just trying to understand what happened there because I was expecting that to actually accelerate from the fourth quarter.
Joe Margolis: Yes. I'm not sure it was such a change that we can -- one quarter change of that magnitude can -- we can call a trend or point to some big change in the market. We continue to do much better outside of the boroughs. We have about 4% revenue increase outside of the boroughs. And inside the boroughs, we are sub-2%. That being said, we only have eight stores in the boroughs, so it's a very small sample. But we don't see any significant change in the market.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay. That's helpful. And then just one more. The boost to revenue growth from the new same-store assets was about 30 basis points in the quarter. And I think, Scott, you mentioned last call, it should be more like 50 basis points at the start of the year. Just curious if that glide will be a less drastic decline or if there was something in the first quarter that led to that being a little less than you discussed in February?
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you, it proceeded pretty similar to what we expected. I think that we expected there to be a boost this year but not as large as last year. I don't recall saying the 50. I think we are expecting it to be closer to where it is today, and then going to zero by the end of the year. So I would tell you, our same-store -- the benefit from change in pool is pretty similar to what we were expecting.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay. I'll hop off, thanks for taking my questions.
Joe Margolis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Rob Simone with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Rob Simone: Most of my questions have been answered. But just really quickly on the expense growth and the added snow removal and utilities in the Northeast. April was kind of a poor month weather-wise as well. I guess, I'm just wondering how much -- or if any of the guidance raise on expense growth was some carryover of the bad weather in April or whether that was all Q1-related. Just trying to figure out if there's any cushion, so to speak, built in there at all.
Scott Stubbs: No. Our expenses did not change materially in April. Anything that's happened is what we built in.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Your line is open
Todd Stender: Hi, thanks. Can we hear more on the portfolio that you acquired subsequent to Q1, where it's located, occupancy and why does it make sense to acquire that? I know the partner was stepping aside, but maybe just thinking about your growth expectations.
Joe Margolis: Sure. So 14 properties in 12 states, very highly diversified across the country. These are properties that we acquired in the Storage USA transaction, so they're older properties. We know them a very well. They're stabilized. As you know, as properties get older, they get a larger proportion of long-term customers, so they just get more and more stable. And we -- acquiring from a JV partner from a management is a very safe transaction for us. We know the assets very well. We know the cash flows. We know if the roof leaks, et cetera, et cetera. We have no transition costs, no branding costs, no broker costs. We acquired them at a -- we didn't steal the properties in any way, we acquired them in the market cap rate in the mid-5s. But one of the big benefits here is this venture had a very traditional promote structure where, upon liquidation, if the venture received a certain return threshold, any points above that, we got a disproportionate share of those of funds, we got to promote. And now it's $14 million in this case. And that was nowhere on our books and we're unable to access that without this type of transaction. So even without that, this was a good market safe deal for us. But with that, it provided us with some additional benefit.
Todd Stender: Thanks for the color. Do you get that promote? Is that a -- how is that booked? Is that going to show up in Q2? How do you reconcile that?
Joe Margolis: So in effect, it reduces the purchase price. So if the 100% purchase price is $225 million, we don't have to pay for our 5%, nor do we have to pay for the $14 million. So it just reduces cash out of our pockets to buy $225 million worth of real estate.
Todd Stender: Got it. Are you assuming any mortgage debt? And is the rest going on your line?
Joe Margolis: So there was about $89 million worth of debt that we assumed and we're currently considering whether to keep that or extend it or do something with that debt. But as of today, we assume that debt and the rest went on our line.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vikram Malhotra: I just want to go back to the discounting that you mentioned. Can you talk about what is causing you to try to test the discounting increase, the discounting across your markets? And can you clarify, is this discount higher relative to last year in the second and third quarter or is it more of a sequential trend?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. I would tell you it's an assumption where discounts will be higher in the summer months. And the assumption is, in order to keep rate, we are going to discount more. You really have the option of cutting rates, increasing discounts, increasing marketing spend. And kind of based on our plan this summer, the assumption is we will increase discounts.
Vikram Malhotra: And sorry, the increase again is relative to last year or relative to just -- the way you exited the quarter?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. It's more relative to last year.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay. And then just one more. I think big-picture question, and correct me if I'm wrong. I think on the last call, you had indicated stability in revenue likely to tick up in the back half of the year. I'm wondering if that's still your expectation or any signs that you could see certain markets accelerate.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. That is -- continues to be our expectation that, primarily due to the summer month-discounting which is going, which may depress those months a little bit, we'll see acceleration in the back half of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Can you just put a little more color into the discount patterns in terms of like what percentage of customers are receiving it last year versus this year? And when you talk about -- maybe you're using it more in the summer, how does that look like?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So last year in the first quarter, about 82% of our customers coming in the door got discounts compared to 59% in the first quarter of '18. So last year, you're discounting at just over 4% of revenue. This year, you're just under 4% of revenue in the first quarter. During the summer months, you have 60% of customers roughly, in the second and third quarter, getting discounts and was -- and then, call it, just under 4%. We're assuming that will be above 4% and above the 60% of new customers coming in the door and getting discounts. And part of it is also a discount mix. It might be last year you were giving half a month free, now it's a full month free.
Ki Bin Kim: And is there something, just generally speaking, that you're doing with pricing systems or the way you advertise or the way you manage your properties today versus maybe a few years ago? Just because to push rate 4% to 5% with less discounts and holding occupancy is a rare thing.
Joe Margolis: I would tell you that we've had the same goal throughout, which is to maximize revenue, and that we are always testing and trying different things to achieve that goal.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Frankel with Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: I'm obviously a little bit new to the company, but I'm trying to reconcile your page 19 showing how the acquired same-store pool versus the new same-store pool. There's about a 40 basis point impact to NOI. If I take a look at your past sups, it looks like the impact should be greater. Can you just clarify what -- how -- can you just clarify how that calculation works? It seems like the impact should be closer to 100 basis points, but just based on what your 2016 wholly owned acquisitions generally looks like, your revenues and expenses for the -- for prior quarters. But I'm hoping you can explain that a little bit further.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. I would tell you, it really depends on the number of stores you're adding to the same-store pool each year and then the mix of those stores. So going from '16 to '17, we added the SmartStop acquisition. It was 122 stores that we had purchased that still had a small amount of rate growth in them and maybe a small amount of lease-up, so last year received a bigger benefit. The stores that moved in from '17 to '18, they were more core stores. So they were acquisitions we had made from some of our joint venture partners, where these stores went back to Storage USA. So just it's the mix of the stores that you're moving in and kind of the upside in those stores. And we've always kept the same definition, but we've also wanted to break out if there is a benefit from the -- some of these types of stores. So this year, it's more just a mix of the stores.
Eric Frankel: Okay thanks nice deal. I'll follow offline, too. One other question, you had referenced earlier in the call how you work on the Certificate of Occupancy years in advance as these developments kind of come through. Have you ever thought about doing some sort of forward equity issuance based on your -- if you think your equity is attractively priced, but you're -- through the C of O deal you have to close maybe 2 or 3 years from now. Have you ever thought about structuring your deal that way?
Scott Stubbs: Always something we're looking at. Any time we consider equity, you'll always look at the forward and what the pros and cons are with that. So
Joe Margolis: Some of the C of O deals we agree to issue OP units for. So in effect that is a forward equity issuance.
Eric Frankel: That is absolutely true. Awesome. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Joe Margolis: Thanks Eric.
Operator: And our next question is from Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Wes Golladay: Hi guys. Want to know on the markets where there's heavy supply, have you experienced increased term from some of your stickier tenants, the ones that have been with you for multiple years? And if not, have you noticed a major variance in your older assets versus your newer assets in markets where there is heavy supply?
Joe Margolis: So we see very, very few customers gone at -- rent a truck, pick up their stuff and go across the street to the new supply. New supply is more of an effect on your incoming rentals than on people picking up and moving. What was the second part of the question?
Wes Golladay: Yes. So okay, under that logic, would some of your older assets actually fare better in a market where there is heavy supply? Because I assume you'd have a larger component of the mix of tenants there would be those multi-year tenants so they could actually potentially fare better than the newer assets?
Joe Margolis: Yes. Really 2 reasons. One is what you point out, is the mix of tenants. But the other is, frequently, our older assets are an older generation. They are a lot of single-story drive-up units. And much of the new supply are multistory interior climate control. And we have a product that they don't have. The older drive-up is very attractive and some of the new supply can't offer that.
Wes Golladay: Okay. Thanks for that. And then on the financing front, the move-up in LIBOR has been pretty sharp. Has that changed your view on potentially terming out more of the debt if we were to get a pullback in the financing of market?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. We're looking to term out debt. We're looking to extend our average loan, the term. We're always looking, obviously, to manage the variable rate debt that we have. So very focused on that today and we are willing to take a little bit of pain today to extend term and make -- take advantage of some of those opportunities.
Operator: And our next question is from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Todd Thomas: Just first question. I was curious if you could give us an update on occupancy, maybe through the end of April here and where that stands year-over-year?
Joe Margolis: Occupancy continues to be pretty steady, with perhaps a slight move in the right direction.
Todd Thomas: So seasonally, it's moving higher. Any comment around where that is sort of on a year-over-year basis?
Scott Stubbs: Very similar to where we ended the quarter.
Todd Thomas: Okay. Got it. And then just following up back to the discounting that you talked about, maybe a little bit of a clarification, I suppose. I think you said that the discounting will be used to maintain rate. Can you just explain that? It sounds like you might be moving asking rents higher to offset the higher discount, so effectively maintaining rates or maybe still increasing rates -- move-in rates. Is that the right read or is there something else that you're suggesting?
Scott Stubbs: I'm not saying that we are looking to increase them significantly more than what we've done in the first quarter, but we feel like we will have to increase discounts going forward in order to maintain that kind of 4% to 5% revenue growth in our new customer rate growth.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And the changes to the discounting policy here over the next several months here, is that expected to be broad-based across the portfolio or will it be concentrated in some of the supply-impacted markets mostly?
Scott Stubbs: It's across the portfolio. But obviously, our highly occupied property might have different discounting policy than one that has less occupancy. So...
Todd Thomas: Sure. And then just lastly, in terms of the comments around new supply, it seems like you're expecting supply. In some of the markets that you mentioned I think Phoenix, Tampa, Portland, you're expecting maybe a little bit of a greater impact today than you have previously. Is that right? And if so, sort of what's changed or given you that indication?
Joe Margolis: That is correct. And as we track -- do our best to track quarter-to-quarter on not only new deliveries but what's in the pipeline in permitting our new construction, we see development moving from markets like Dallas that are saturated to other markets and we then base our projections on what we think is going to happen at those markets. It's hard to be exact because a lot of stuff that is planned doesn't eventually get built. But a good proportion of it does and it impacts our stores.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: I guess Wes had kind of asked the question on the debt side. But I just was hoping, Scott, you could give a little more detail. You've got to think about two thirds of your debt when you look at the column with the extension expiring between '20 and '22. So I'm just curious how you're thinking about proactively maybe pulling some of that forward to take some of the risk off the table now. Or is that stuff that you just have to kind of wait until the natural expiration? And I guess, how far out on the curve are you willing to go today between 5 and 10 years on debt terms?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So we are actively working with lenders on the -- many of the loans coming due in '19, '20 and '21, we're willing to extend those out to 2025, and we're looking to get the spreads down and then we're trying to work through some of the swap issues. Because many of those loans that come due in 2022 for -- 2020, for instance, have swaps on them. And so we are trying to work through swap issues, extending swaps, getting things reswapped, letting things go variable, trying to work through a balance of that. But the goal, obviously, is to try to lock in some of that rate and extend the term today. And like I said, I think that there are times when we're willing to take a little bit of pain today. So part of our increase in our interest rate today is some of that pain. We are actively negotiating on -- of the 2020 loans that are coming due, if you assume that we exercise the contractual extensions and then do a couple of the refinancing that we're working on today, the amount coming due in 2020 is under $1 billion. So actively working on and actively looking to extend the term and lock-in rate.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And if you had to maybe ballpark sort of the benefit of more likely the pain, what are you sort of looking at in terms of an average increase in rate kind of all-in and between base rate and kind of maybe spreads coming down?
Scott Stubbs: Spreads, if you take a loan that was done 2 or 3 years ago, your spread would've been 1 60 to 1 80 over. Today, the market rate's more 1 40 in terms of a spread. But rates have gone higher on us. So on average, they are going up but it depends really on when we did the loan.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. And then maybe just back on development, Joe, we continue to see, the FTR data isn't really showing much of a letup, and I realize that the data bounces around kind of month-to-month. But just given the private developers continue to make a lot of money on the CO deals and, to our knowledge, there really hasn't been much pain on the development front with these developers. I guess, it sounds like you continue to expect the supply to remain high, although your comments about pricing going up and the yields coming down would suggest maybe that gets dampened. But that just doesn't seem to be showing up in the data just yet. What are we missing?
Joe Margolis: I'm not sure you're missing anything other than it's important to slice the gross data by market. So the fact that the same amount of stores may get delivered in one year or the next year, if they're delivered in different markets, it will have less of an impact, right? If everything keeps getting built in Dallas and Miami, it's going to be a disaster. But it's not the case. People are starting to look elsewhere and build elsewhere. So there's still a lot of development, but it's -- I think it's getting spread more rationally, if you will, across markets. Don't mean to suggest everything is rational, every development that's going in makes sense, but there is some market forces pushing development to where it should be.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And can you think of many examples in the markets that you compete in where developers have actually pulled back or not gone forward with projects because costs sort of became prohibitively expensive or the yields just in pencil? Or is that just not really happening yet?
Joe Margolis: So it's interesting. If you talk to the folks who have been in the business for some period of time who are a little more experienced, they absolutely are canceling projects and pulling back. And the folks you see who are more excited about going forward are maybe more of the newcomers to the markets, to the business.
Operator: And our next question is from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Todd Stender: Just one follow-up. I'm not sure if I missed this. The third-party managed properties, they ramped pretty good. Upwards of about 10% growth, it looks like. Is this a reflection of you've got newly built properties out there where the builder requires it from the lender to have it managed or they just literally need a platform to manage it? Maybe any color there on how you ramped it up so quickly.
Joe Margolis: I think that is one factor, absolutely. A second factor I would tell you is that the performance of the large operators just continues to outpace on a larger and larger basis the smaller operators. And as the market gets tough, even the existing operators realize they need a professional platform. So about 40% of the stores that we're bringing on are existing stores, are not new developments. So I think you're right, and then I think it's also second factor.
Todd Stender: And just a quick follow-up on that. For the existing stores, how often are you in the competitive situation to manage that property?
Joe Margolis: So I would tell you that for folks who we already manage for, almost never. Although we do have some folks we manage for that split between us and [Q]. For new people, they almost always will look at more than one option. And we're not -- we are the high-cost option, right? We're not the cheapest out there. We're the most expensive out there. And as our numbers show, we've been able to compete very, very well based on not how much we charge but how much money we're going to put into the owners' pockets.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer, for any closing remarks.
Joe Margolis: Thank you all for joining us today. 2018 is shaping up as expected, and we anticipate another strong year for Extra Space. We continue to experience solid property level NOI growth and consistent external growth through acquisitions and third-party management. Our investments in people, technology and systems have strengthened our operational platform, and we have had excellent execution throughout the organization, resulting in continued peer outperformance. I want to thank you all for your interest in Extra Space and participating, and I hope everyone has a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-21 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norman - Vice President-Investor Relations Joseph Margolis - Chief Executive Officer Scott Stubbs - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jonathan Hughes - Raymond James Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Inc Robert Simone - Evercore Group LLC Smedes Rose - Citigroup Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley Trent Trujillo - UBS George Hoglund  Jefferies
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Extra Space Storage Inc. Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Jeff Norman, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Andrew. Welcome to Extra Space Storages fourth quarter and year-end 2017 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Wednesday, February 21, 2018. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joseph Margolis: Hello, everyone. Thank you for dialing in. I have been CEO for little over a year now. And over that time, Ive enjoyed meeting with many of you, and I look forward to continue to meet and talk about Extra Space and Storage throughout 2018. But mostly, Ive enjoyed working with a great team of talented and motivated people at Extra Space. Ive learned a lot over the year and Im excited to continue learning and move towards the future. One year ago on this call, we discussed the concerns about new supply and deacceleration of revenue growth. At the time, we said that while these concerns were valid, the industry was healthy, and we were confident that our diversified portfolio, best-in-class operating platform and our talented people would produce solid results. We projected 2017 would be characterized by a gradual return towards historical and sustainable revenue and NOI growth levels. That is exactly what happened. Strong occupancy together with increased rental rates to new and existing customers led to same-store revenue growth for the year of 5.1%, NOI growth of 6.9% and core FFO growth of 13.8%. We exceeded our guidance in each of these categories and we are seeing the predicted soft landing play out. We also stated the along with the challenges presented by new supply would come opportunities. In 2017, we added 156 stores to our third-party management platform, approximately half of which were new developments, and we have a large pipeline for 2018. Year-to-date, we have brought on 19 managed stores and we expect to add well over 100 before the year is over. In addition to revenue streams, these managed stores give us scale, density in markets and a larger dataset. Our managed portfolio, as well as our joint ventures provide a valuable acquisition pipeline that helped fuel future growth. These pipelines and relationships were important to us in 2017 with over 80% of our acquisition volume coming to off-market opportunities. Despite a competitive market, we invested just over $600 million in acquisitions, 16 of our 2017 acquisitions were new Certificate of Occupancy assets in key markets, which like our C of O deals from previous years are performing ahead of projections. We also continue to see increased opportunities from developers to purchase new stores in various stages of lease-up. Our 2017 acquisitions exceeded our guidance of $400 million, due to $210 million off-market portfolio that was presented to us late in the fourth quarter by one of our longtime partners. As we projected, our acquisitions were largely back-end loaded, with 85% occurring in the fourth quarter. Finally, I would like to provide an update on the 36-store portfolio that we sold into a joint venture on November 30 for $295 million. We retained a 10% interest in the properties, and one of our existing joint venture partners, TIAA real estate account, purchased the remaining 90%. We continue to manage all 36 properties for a fee and we now have the opportunity to earn a promoted return in the joint venture. Weve put the proceeds from the transaction to work the next day through a series of 1031 exchanges into other properties. These 1031 exchange properties have an average age of three years and average rental rate over $20 a square foot and strong demographics. As a part of this transaction, we agreed with TIAA to extend and revise the terms of our existing 24-storage joint venture. This enabled us to monetize and embed and promote, increasing our ownership in the venture from 25% to 34%. We also placed new debt on the portfolio and modernized its terms, including reducing the preferred return to current market levels. We are pleased with the outcome of these mutually beneficial transactions and the long-term value they create for our shareholders. We are also pleased to have renewed and strengthened our relationship with TIAA for the long-term. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Joe, and hello, everyone. As you may have noticed in our earnings release last night, we have made a change to one term. Weve historically provided FFO results, as well as FFO as adjusted. Going forward, we will refer to the latter as core FFO. We have not changed our methodology or the types of adjustments we make, but we have changed the name to provide consistency with other publicly traded REITs. Our core FFO for the quarter was $1.12 per share, exceeding the high-end of our guidance by $0.02 and core FFO for the year was $4.38 per share. The quarterly beat was primarily due to stronger than expected property performance. Occupancy for the same-store pool ended the quarter at 91.9%, a 40 basis point year-over-year increase. Throughout the quarter, we increased rates to new customers in the low to mid single digits, and we continue our existing customer rate increase program without changes. We continue to evolve our balance sheet and plan to remain leverage-neutral in 2018. We added unsecured debt throughout the year and have increased our unencumbered pool by $1.4 billion. We have access to multiple sources of capital and have plenty of capacity to fund our future growth. Last night, we provided guidance and annual assumptions for 2018. Our new same-store pool will increase by 86 to a total of 787 stores. We expect to change to the same-store pool to positively impact our revenue growth by 25 basis points over the year. Same-store revenue growth is expected to increase between 3.25% and 4.25% in 2018. Same-store expense growth is also expected to increase between 3.25% to 4.25%. The increase in expenses is driven by difficult 2017 comps, with pressures specifically from property taxes in Florida, Illinois, the mid-Atlantic and Texas. Our revenue and expense guidance results in same-store NOI of between 3% and 4.5%, which we believe will be towards the high-end of the self-storage sector and will compare favorably to other REIT sectors. For 2018, we expect to invest $400 million in acquisitions, $255 million of which is closed or under contract. Our guidance assumes acquisitions be financed for $50 million in OP Units and the remainder through debt. Seller pricing expectations are still high and were committed to being disciplined. We will only transact at prices that create value for our shareholders. Our full-year core FFO is estimated to be between $4.55 and $4.65 per share. In 2018, we anticipate $0.05 of dilution from value-add acquisitions and an additional $0.16 of dilution from C of O stores for total dilution of $0.21. Our investment in C of O stores and value-add acquisitions continue to improve the quality of our portfolio and generate long-term growth for our shareholders. Ill now turn the time back to Joe.
Joseph Margolis: Thank you, Scott. As we move forward in 2018, I expect this year to look similar to last year. We continue to experience solid fundamentals, steady demand, strong occupancy, and increasing rental rates to new and existing customers. We expect solid external growth through acquisitions and third-party management. We continue to focus on and invest heavily in technology, in our digital marketing and revenue management systems continue to evolve and improve. Our bench step at all levels of the company has never been stronger, and I believe our team is second to none in the storage sector. New supply will continue to present operational challenges. And I do not, in any way, want to diminish its impact on some of our stores. But as I have said before, this is a micro market business and the impact of new supply will vary across our portfolio. In 2017, we benefited from our highly diversified portfolio, our ability to capture disproportionate share of demand and a team with a track record of strong execution. I believe we will benefit from these same factors in 2018. We remain focused on creating consistent FFO growth per share in order to maximize the long-term return on our investors capital without taking unacceptable risk. I want to thank you for the trust you put in this management team as stewards of your capital. I have been involved with Extra Space continuously since 1998, as a partner, as a Board member, and now as CEO. And Im as confident as ever about the strategy of this company and our teams ability to execute. Lets now turn the time over to Jeff to start the Q&A session.
Jeff Norman: Thanks, Joe. In order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyones questions, I would ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief. If time allows, well address follow-on questions once everyone has had the opportunity to ask their initial questions. And with that, Andrew, go ahead and start our Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jonathan Hughes with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Hughes: Hey, good afternoon. Thank you for the time. So the midpoint of guidance calls for about 135-ish basis point slowdown in same-store revenue growth this year. Im just curious which of your markets contributed to that decelerating outlook the most, eight of your top 10 actually saw accelerating growth into the end of the year?
Joseph Margolis: Go ahead.
Scott Stubbs: Okay. Yes, Jonathan, as weve done our budgets, we obviously did ground up budgets, looked at every single store, looked at the supply. The deceleration is implied in a couple of areas. One is the burn-off of the impact from the change in same-store pool or the benefit from SmartStop, so that affects it obviously, and then also the impact of new supply in certain markets. If you look at those individual markets, some are impacted more than others. But overall, I would tell you, its probably more of the ones you hear about a lot, for instance, Florida.
Joseph Margolis: When I look at our bottom 10 markets for projected 2018 revenue growth, the ones that are large contributors to us are the New York Metro, Miami, D.C. The others in our bottom 10 are relatively small markets.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay, thats helpful. And then maybe one of your peers did actually quantify the negative impact at the store level on revenue growth relative to non-impacted stores. Could you may be provide this number and take a stab at maybe how much lower that revenue growth is at those stores impacted by supply?
Joseph Margolis: So that thats really a difficult analysis to do with any specificity. We study real hard each of our stores that have new competitors opening. And sometimes, you have a new competitor opening within a mile and it has absolutely no effect. And sometimes, you have a new competitor opening on the outskirts of the trade area and it has a very large effect. So to try to predict based on the number of competitors opening how monetarily it will affect every store and roll that up, thats a tough thing. You need to take into account the distance, the number of competitors, whos going to run the new competitors, traffic patterns, whether its across the river, or the other side, theres just many, many variables. But that being said, when we create our guidance, we created both from a top-down and a bottom-up approach. The top-down is the revenue management teams impact. The bottom-up is the district managers at each store identify and are provided with each of the competitors that we know of that are going to open in their trade area. And each stores individual budget is created with, based on the projected impact to that store. And thats all rolled up and used to create our guidance.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay, thats a great color. I appreciate it. Ill jump off. Thanks for the time.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Jonathan.
Joseph Margolis: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Wes Golladay: Hey, guys. Actually had a question on those variables that determine the impact of supply. But what do you think is the most important? Is it the actual radius? Is it the rationality of the developer? Is it the price point that youre at? And then, yes, take that one. And I guess, maybe a follow-up would be, what is your actual supply outlook for 2018 and 2019?
Joseph Margolis: So certainly, distance is a very, very important factor. We also think the operator is a very, very important factor. We would much rather compete with a mom-and-pop than one of our public peers. After that, you have a lot of other factors, saturation and traffic patterns and population growth, and all kinds of other things that go into the mix. And then the second question was about development outlook? Is that correct?
Wes Golladay: Yes, the supply outlook, I guess, maybe for your markets from a bottom-ups perspective, maybe 2018 and 2019. Are you still seeing delays on deliveries?
Joseph Margolis: So we are still seeing delays on deliveries, thats true. Its interesting when you look at the supply outlook on our markets, we really have, in many cases, kind of not intuitive results. So Ill give you a couple of examples, because that was a real bunch of gobbledygook. So in Atlanta, for example, we have 67 stores. And Atlanta is a market that there is a great deal of development. But when we look at how many of our stores are going to be impacted by new development in 2018, we only see six and that number was two in 2017. So even though thats a market, where theres a lot of supply coming because of the locations of our stores, were a little more optimistic about that market. And in fact, when we look at our projected revenue growth for that market, its above our guidance. Its above our portfolio average. On the other end of the spectrum, you could look at a market like Portland, where we have 13 stores and 10 of them are going to face new competitors in 2018, after three of them facing new competitors in 2016. So thats a market, where our projected revenue growth is below our portfolio average. And we could go through 67 markets and give you all those stats, but it gives you a sense of how we created our guidance.
Wes Golladay: Yes. Maybe weve done a presentation someday. But yes, thank you for the answers on that.
Joseph Margolis: Thanks, Wes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, guys. Just following up on some of your supply commentary, are you seeing any shift in development or even acquisition yields, as buyers presumably adjust some of the rent growth expectations here?
Joseph Margolis: I really havent seen any movement in cap rates for acquisitions. You would think giving the operational landscape and the rising interest rates, the cap rate should be going up. But there is so much interest in this sector, I think, because compared to other sectors, its still pretty good that we just havent seen any meaningful expansion of cap rates. The development yields is kind of an interesting question. One thing were seeing is that in our ManagementPlus platform, when we produce a budget for a developer, were getting a lot more pressure from the developers that our projections arent good enough, and theyre pushing us and they need a better budget to bring to the bank. So thats telling me that given their costs, our projected budget doesnt hit a required yield. So to me that is a something that is going to control somewhat the pipeline of development.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. And in your opening remarks, you did talk about seeing an increase opportunity for stores that are in lease-up. So Im just wondering whats your appetite really is today in taking on some of those additional lease-up for C of O type of deals?
Joseph Margolis: Yes. So we have a strong appetite for buying good deals that meet our return requirements. And what weve seen in the market is a number of developers at delivered stores, theyve gone to a certain point in lease-up, maybe its stalling out, maybe they feel they just want to take their chips off the table and theyre willing to sell beforehand. If we can negotiate a price that we think provides value to our shareholders, we have enough dry powder, enough capital to execute. But if we cant get to that price then were going to sit on the sidelines.
Jeremy Metz: Appreciate that. Last one for me is just in terms of the movements for the quarter, how did those net effective rents compared to the fourth quarter last year? So baking into  baking in the discounts and then just how are they trending so far in 2018 as well?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So our Street rates in the quarter, as well as into the current year have been about 5%, and our achieved rate has been closer to 3%, and that for the fourth quarter and then into this year.
Jeremy Metz: Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: And then in terms of discounts, I would tell you, were discounting larger dollar amounts, but fewer tenants. But at this time of year, youre giving discounts to just about everyone anyway. So we are discounting slightly more.
Jeremy Metz: Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Todd Stender: Hi, guys. Just when you look at your size, scale and sophistication and Joes remarks of competing against the REITs versus the mom-and-pops. What are some of the defense measures for lack of the better term that you roll out when a new competing store opens up? It would seem to me that youd be able to match price or write out any discounting that the new competitions are offering a longer than they can, maybe just talk about how you compete potentially longer than the new build?
Joseph Margolis: Sure. So I could tell you that we do have a plan that we developed a playbook that sets out a series of actions that stores undertake when faced with new development. I could tell you that its mostly reactionary, because as much as we think we know, theyre  its all a little different. Specifically what we do, Im not really willing to tell you what our plan is.
Todd Stender: Okay. And then not sure if I missed this, but just talk about the C of O deals that we had seen kind of, I guess, demand waned as 2017 went along for the REITs, but you guys had an appetite obviously in Q4. Can you just talk about the stabilized yields that youre projecting, and then how long until you get to stabilized occupancy?
Joseph Margolis: Sure. So we approved 14 C of O deals in 2017, thats a pretty big drop off from the 38 C of O deals we approved in 2016. Seven of those well do in ventures, that allows us to control the dilution, reduce our risk and get a little enhanced yield because of management fees and tenant insurance. The stabilized cap rate on those 14 deals was 8.2%. Theyre all underwritten to stabilize within 36 and 40 months. But Ive got to tell you, we continue to outperform that number, but were still underwriting between 36 and 40 months.
Todd Stender: Okay. Thank you.
Joseph Margolis: Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Todd.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Could you talk a little bit about the changes and promotion usage during the quarter and maybe thus far this year? I noticed that there were a lot less advertised promotions on the web, at least. I wasnt sure if that was a larger change in philosophy, or is it just down to timing?
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you its not a large change in philosophy. Weve always used discounts through various channels. I think, if you look at the web thats just one channel, but overall, our discounts are actually up. So if youre only looking at the web and theyre down, thats one channel.
Ki Bin Kim: And was that, because you were trying to program or train the customers not to be so used to getting promotions, or what was the reason behind that?
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you that all in an effort to maximize revenue. I mean, at the end of the day, thats what were trying to do and were trying to adjust those channels a little bit on the margins as we go. But its going to vary by market, vary by channel at all times.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And just last question. If I look at your LA market and I know LA is a big market. Your rent per square foot is about 19. Your PSA is at 25, and I use them just because theyre a large competitor. And your New York rent is 22% versus 25% of your peers. Is there anything to say for the lower rent absolute number that might help some of your momentum in same-store revenue going forward?
Scott Stubbs:
.:
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Ki Bin.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Rob Simone with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Robert Simone: Hey, guys, thanks for taking the question. Just a quick question on the TIAA deal and then I have a follow-up. Is there anything on the table for 2018 that could look similar to the TIAA deal, a.k.a. is that kind of be like a funding source of choice going forward? And then also I was just wondering if you guys could comment at all on what type or what size of portfolio premiums youre seeing out there right now?
Joseph Margolis: We dont have a portfolio were currently packaging up to do a repeat of that type of deal. But that being said, its always an option for us. I wouldnt say, its a capital avenue of choice. I would say, its one of many options we have. We always want to be in a position to have a certain segment of the portfolio teed up, where we could repeat that transaction in an effort to rebalance the portfolio and improve its quality. What was the second question?
Robert Simone: Oh, yes. I was just wondering if you could comment at all on what kind of spread or base point portfolio premium were seeing out in the market right now, given how much capital is out there?
Joseph Margolis: Yes, thats a hard question. I guess, 50 basis points. But its  thats a difficult question.
Robert Simone: Got it. So it really varies.
Joseph Margolis: Theres not a whole lot of transactions to give you a bunch of data points where you could come up with something if youre real comfortable with.
Scott Stubbs: And also depend on what you call a portfolio. Is it four properties, or is it 36? I think, theres a big difference.
Robert Simone: Right. Okay, great. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Our next question comes from Smedes Rose with Citi. Your line is now open.
Smedes Rose: Hi, thanks. I wanted to ask you, Im sure you saw an addition to a bunch of management changes. PSA made an announcement that looks like they are going into the third-party management business as well after a number of years, theres nothing in that section. Im just curious as how youre thinking about competition in that space, and if you have come up against them at all as you approach properties at your platform?
Joseph Margolis: Sure, Smedes, its a good question. So weve been in the partnership business, if you will, since 1998. Its part of our our D&A, and we manage for other people. Weve done it for the longtime and we think were pretty good at it. So, obviously, having another entry into the market to compete for market share is not a good thing, and were going to have to compete with them. And frankly, as long as we can put up numbers that exceed our competitors, we can have a very good argument about why people should choose us for management. But I also think that the overall pie is getting bigger. More and more people are recognizing that they need professional management that they cant compete with the REITs. So while I  while it is difficult to see a new market entrance, then one thats capable like PSA, I also think the pie is getting bigger at the same time.
Smedes Rose: Okay. And then I just wanted to ask you, theres a lot. As you know, supply remains a big concern. You touched on it a little bit. But I mean, do you have a view as to whether or not the supply will peak this year in terms of just sort of nationwide new deliveries, or do you feel like its more of a 2019 event or later?
Joseph Margolis: Yes. I dont think we have a strong view. Its really difficult to have transparency into 2019 and see whats going to be delivered given the fallout rate and in some markets the quickness, which some of these properties can be entitled and shovel stuck in the ground.
Smedes Rose: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Smedes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Todd Thomas: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon. Joe, your comments about developers sort of pushing back a little bit for higher budgets or higher projections. Whats been your experience in those situations? Are they still moving forward? Are they getting the financing they need? Maybe opting to work with someone else? What sort of happened in those situations? And how big is the shortfall on average, would you say, between where you are and where the developer thought theyd be or needed to be?
Joseph Margolis: Yes. Unfortunately, I dont have the answer to the last one. I got to have to go talk to our guys about that. But we do have a  we do  obviously, we cant move our budgets to satisfy some bank or developer, because we didnt have to deliver. So we can only produce budgets that were comfortable delivering on, and were seeing the higher fallout rate. Were seeing that projects, at least, with us. They  more of them dont get done.
Todd Thomas: So to your knowledge, sort of tracking those projects as far as you know that theyve been abandoned or deferred for the time being?
Joseph Margolis: We see some probably a greater portion of them being abandoned. And theres other high leverage sources of capital out there. Theres other ways to get deals done. But I think a good number of them get abandoned.
Scott Stubbs: Well, theres also local management companies things like that. I mean, theres local management companies. Theres other opportunities for them, but I would tell you, things are still getting done with banks. I think that the local banks, as well as some of the large banks are still doing a relationship lending, but it is more and more difficult.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then, Joe, your comments about soft landing at the beginning of your comments. Can you just talk about what that means in the context of fundamentals? The deceleration that youre forecasting in 2018 for revenue growth at 135 basis points, is that the bottom, or do you think that we could continue to see additional deceleration as we head into 2019?
Joseph Margolis: So its pretty early to start talking about 2019. But weve said that, we believe the industry is going to return to historical revenue growth numbers. And I would think by the end of the year, we would be there.
Todd Thomas: Okay. So growth  so you would expect growth to bottom out in 2018? Youve historically said that your revenue growth is in a sort of 3.5% to 4.5% range, I believe over a longer period of time, right? And so were  youre expecting that to be  youre expecting revenue growth to be slightly below that longer-term average in 2018. And so by the end of 2018, youd expect to get back into that longer-term range?
Joseph Margolis: Yes, that is our expectation. Now we could have some economic shock that we dont all view or something happened. But currently, thats our view.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And just lastly, Scott, can you just tell us where occupancy is today, and how that looks on a year-over-year basis?
Scott Stubbs: So occupancy is pretty close to where we ended the year. Its down slightly from year-end just with the cyclical nature of the product. Your lowest occupancy is typically January, February, but it is year-over-year, its not that different from year-end and its in accordance with our plan.
Todd Thomas: Okay, great. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks for taking my question, again. Just a quick one. Have you noticed any performance difference between assets of different physical quality or by the age of equality, or age of the asset?
Scott Stubbs: I think it depends on the location of the asset, the quality, the square feet per person in the market, its a lot more to it than just the age of the asset.
Joseph Margolis: How much capital has been put into it. I mean, clearly, your point is that, if you have two assets in the exact same market and one brand-new and one is old and hasnt been taken care of, the brand-new one should perform better. But in old, capital stock asset can do very well in some other markets.
Ki Bin Kim: Yes, thats right. I mean, I was looking at it all else equal. And are the developers generally doubling down in the markets theyve already developed in, or do you see them moving on to different submarkets or different MSAs?
Joseph Margolis: Well, thats a great question. I ask our ManagementPlus guys to give us kind of their observations before all of these costs, and that was one of the observations they gave us is, previously they saw people just inundating markets, and now theyre seeing people spread out some more. So yes, we do see that trend.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Ki Bin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Vikram Malhotra: Thank you. So I just wanted to clarify your comments about the 25 basis points impact from the changes in the pool. Is that a combination of the 30 stores that you disposed off of? And is there any ongoing benefit from SmartStop in that number? Is that separate, or is there no benefit?
Scott Stubbs: There is some benefit from SmartStop and then a  some benefit from the change in pool. So were growing from the 701 that we ended the year at. Two, were adding the 2016 acquisitions, as well as some certificate of occupancy deals that are now stabilized. The 2016 acquisitions are not going to add a large amount, as many of those were joint ventures or previously managed. So its a combination primarily of the C of O deals that are being added, as well as the little added benefit from SmartStop.
Vikram Malhotra: And that total is 25 basis points?
Scott Stubbs: Correct. Its higher at the start of the year, going closer to zero at the end of the year. So if you think of it in terms of a line, its 50 basis points at the start and zero at the end for an average of 25.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay, thanks. And then just second, turning to West Coast, any changes youve seen in either San Francisco or LA in terms of maybe more LA in terms of new supply. Any sense of  do you see the market being as strong as it was last year? Are there any pockets of weakness? And just comparing to sort of some of the multifamily folks who are seeing maybe more deceleration than, at least, I thought. Just want to compare and contrast those two markets?
Joseph Margolis: So we are seeing some deacceleration in Los Angeles. There is a little bit of new supply, but nothing anywhere close to what we see in Florida or Texas or other markets. A lot of it is in Irvine and theres a few in Los Angeles. San Francisco is  we see no new supply in San Francisco, at least, none that affects our stores. And thats a market we actually  our 2018 projected revenue is accelerating is higher than in 2017. So these  those two markets are still very strong for us. I dont think markets like that can be as strong as they were into 2015 and 2016 forever, but theyre still very strong markets performing above our portfolio averages.
Vikram Malhotra: And just, if I may, just to clarify, you said San Francisco is one of the markets thats accelerating. Just can you give us a sense of maybe two other markets in that top band that are accelerating in your guide?
Joseph Margolis: Yes, I can give you exactly two other markets, because we have three. Maryland and West Florida, Naples are other accelerating markets.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay, great. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Vikram.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nick Yulico with UBS. Your line is now open.
Trent Trujillo: Hi, this is Trent Trujillo here on for Nick, and thanks for taking the question. Maybe just getting into another market in New York looks like on your supplemental disclosure you combined, I guess, the boroughs with New Jersey. Is it possible to break out the performance of how your portfolio performed in the fourth quarter and the trends youre seeing on the ground now?
Joseph Margolis: Sure. So absent the borough stores, our New York, New Jersey market had 4.5% revenue growth, 22% expense, so 6.3% NOI growth. We have eight stores in the boroughs, so pretty limited exposure. Our revenue in the boroughs was negative 2.5 and for a negative 2.9 NOI.
Trent Trujillo: Okay. And since you acquired or took on the tuck-it-away stores just kind of mid-year, how have those stores performed since theyve been under the EXR brand?
Joseph Margolis: Were still early in the transition, no storage needed significant attention to the physical assets. And we have spent a lot of time doing that, getting our people in there. But I would say, overall, they are performing at expectations.
Trent Trujillo: Okay. And maybe one more, if I may. On the same-store expense side,. I know theres pressure that you spoke about with property taxes than perhaps other line items. But is there a potential for an offset or an expense reduction opportunity?
Scott Stubbs: Were always looking for those, but it is typically smaller items. Our biggest pressure this year is coming from property taxes, which accounts for about a third of your expense and then your next largest or one of your largest expense item is payroll and its coming in just north of 3%, which is inflationary plus. But theres not  anything else comes in below, it doesnt drive the needle very much.
Trent Trujillo: Okay. Thank you very much. Appreciate the time.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Trent.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Hoglund with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
George Hoglund: Hey, guys, two questions for me. One on the supply side. I mean, you had mentioned two markets, Atlanta and Portland, where you gave numbers of how many properties are facing new supply. And do you have a number just across the portfolio generally, how many properties are facing new supply in 2018 and what was the number in 2017?
Joseph Margolis: So its a little under 300 properties in 2018 and maybe closer to 250 in 2017.
Scott Stubbs: And that depends on the geographic
Joseph Margolis: Yes, Im sorry, this is  let me back up. This is a new supply opening within a three-mile radius. And we perfectly recognize that that is not  thats a convention and not a totally accurate description of what new supply will affect you. In New York City, three miles is irrelevant. In other areas, three miles is too small. But to have some type of consistent approach in numbers, thats what we used.
George Hoglund: And was your best guess for 2019 be greater or lower than 300?
Joseph Margolis: I dont have a guess for 2019 at this point.
George Hoglund: Okay. And then just on the demand side, whats your sense on how certain factors will influence demand in kind of 2018 things such as you have greater apartment deliveries overall, strengthening economy, more disposable income, how will that affect the demand side?
Joseph Margolis: Okay. Everything that we see and feel and experience tells us that demand is very, very steady, and theres  we have no indication that demand is waning. The top of the funnel is very strong and growing and our job is to convert as many as possible.
George Hoglund: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, George.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude our Q&A session today. I would now like to turn the call back to Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Joe Margolis for any further remarks.
Joseph Margolis: I want to thank, everyone, for their participation today and interest in Extra Space. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-05 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norman - Vice President, Investor Relations Joe Margolis - Chief Executive Officer Scott Stubbs - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Gaurav Mehta - Cantor Fitzgerald Gwen Clark - Evercore ISI Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Juan Sanabria - Bank of America George Hoglund - Jefferies Neil Malkin - RBC Capital Markets Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Todd Stender - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Third Quarter 2017 Extra Space Storage Inc. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Jeff Norman, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Andrew. Welcome to Extra Space Storages third quarter 2017 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited, supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Thursday, November 2, 2017. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Before I begin my remarks, I just want to say how impressed and humbled I am by the sacrifices our teammates made in Florida and Houston and Puerto Rico. They went the extra effort to take care of our customers, to take care of our stores and most importantly, maybe to take care of each other as family. I am very proud to be associated with a company that has teammates like this. I want to say that all of our employees are safe and we didnt have any injuries in any of our stores, and I am very grateful for that. So thank you for giving me the opportunity to say that. And I will start my remarks. Throughout the third quarter, we had strong execution and posted another solid result. Same-store revenue growth was 4.8%, NOI growth was 5.5% and FFO as adjusted growth was 10.8%. If we exclude our properties in Houston and Florida from same-store totals, revenue growth for the 640 stores not impacted by hurricanes actually improved 20 basis points to 5.0%, and NOI increased 40 basis points to 5.9%. So, our outperformance this quarter was driven by strong operating results produced by our diversified portfolio, not by one-time events. Houston did grow occupancy and is well-positioned for growth going forward, but there was no benefit to revenue and NOI in the third quarter. Florida received some benefit to occupancy and revenue growth in the quarter, but we dont expect the long-term benefit to be significant. We have provided additional details related to the performance of these markets in our supplemental financial information posted on the website. On our last call, we announced that Strategic Storage Trust, formerly known as SmartStop, decided to internalize management, and as planned, its 94 stores left Extra Spaces system effective October 1. As of today, we have added 121 properties to our managed platform this year and we expect to add approximately 30 more between now and year end for a projected 2017 total of 151 stores. From a store count perspective, this offsets the loss of the Strategic Storage Trust properties. Further, our 2018 pipeline is the largest we have had in our history, with over 100 stores approved to be added to the platform already. Third-party management will continue to be a growth driver for Extra Space. Finally, I would like to provide an update on the 36 store portfolio that we have marketed for a joint venture recapitalization. The transaction is now under contract, debt financing has been arranged, and we plan to close by December 1, 2017. Proceeds will be reinvested in other properties through 10/31 exchanges, which we have under contract. We will be prepared to discuss additional details after this transaction closes. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Joe. Last night, we reported FFO as adjusted of $1.13 per share, exceeding the high-end of our guidance by $0.02. The beat was primarily due to stronger than expected property and tenant insurance results. We recorded a net loss of $2.1 million related to property damage and cleanup from the hurricanes. We recorded an additional $2.3 million for tenant insurance claims for a total of $4.4 million related to the hurricane. These losses have been added back to FFO as adjusted to more accurately reflect our run rate. Occupancy for the same-store pool ended the quarter at 93.9%, a 140 basis point increase. The growth in occupancy wasnt just the result of the hurricanes. Same-store occupancy growth in non-hurricane markets was up 130 basis points. Throughout the quarter, we were able to increase rates to new customers in the low single-digits and we continue our existing customer rate increase program without changes. During the third quarter and subsequent to the end of the quarter, a number of our acquisitions closed or went under contract. As of today, we have closed $140 million in wholly-owned acquisitions and invested another $50 million in stores held in joint ventures. We also bought out our joint venture partners interest in several other properties, adding another $20 million in investment for a year-to-date total investment of approximately $175 million. We have another $240 million under contract and scheduled to close by year end. We remain focused on only acquiring properties that create long-term value for our shareholders. We funded our acquisitions and loan maturities with draws on our credit facility and the closing of our 10-year $300 million private placement that we announced last quarter. The funding is part  the funding of this private placement is part of our strategy to lengthen our average debt term, increase our fixed rate debt ratio and expand the size of our unsecured pool. Based on performance year-to-date, we raised the bottom end of our same-store revenue guidance by 25 basis points to a range of 4.5% to 5%. Year-to-date, expenses have been below budget and we have lowered our annual expense guidance to 1.25% to 1.75%, increasing our annual NOI guidance to 5.75% to 6.5%. As a result of the Q3 beat, we are increasing our full year FFO as adjusted guidance to $4.32 to $4.35 per share. Our guidance also includes $0.07 of dilution from our C of O stores and additional $0.08 from value-add acquisitions for a total of $0.15. We are accepting some short-term dilution in exchange for outsized long-term value creation. I will now turn the call back to Joe.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Scott. With most of the year behind us, 2017 has shaped up well and we are pleased that our sector leading performance has allowed us to increase guidance each quarter. The fundamentals in storage are healthy. Demand has been steady resulting in growth in occupancy and rental rates. As expected, the rate of our revenue growth is moderated since the beginning of the year, but the rate of the moderation is flattening. We are confident that our systems are well equipped to maximize revenue in the current environment and our team has demonstrated a track record of consistent execution. We also have some headwinds, which are unchanged from the previous two quarters. High seller expectations continue in this competitive acquisitions environment and several submarkets have felt the impact of new development. However, these challenges present opportunities. The competitive acquisition market allowed us to put our 36 property portfolio under contract at attractive pricing and the new development has led to the acquisition of purpose-built assets that will create significant long-term value for our shareholders while enhancing the overall quality of our portfolio. New supply has also resulted in significant growth in our managed portfolio, which generates an income stream for us today, increases our footprint and provides a meaningful acquisition pipeline for the future. Our three-pronged ownership structure positions us to continue to grow efficiently in the current or any other economic climate. This external growth platform, together with our sector leading same-store performance and our efficient balance sheet, all contribute to meaningful and consistent FFO growth and to our ultimate goal of maximizing the long-term return on our investors capital. Lets now turn the time over to Jeff to start the Q&A session.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Joe. In order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyones questions, I would ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief. If time allows we will address follow-on questions, once everyone has had an opportunity to ask their initial questions. And with that, we will turn it over to Andrew to start the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Gaurav Mehta with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Gaurav Mehta: Thanks. Good morning. A couple of questions, I guess. You mentioned 3Q was ahead of your expectations and you raised your same-store revenue guidance for 17. I was wondering in terms of markets, which market outperformed your expectation in the quarter?
Joe Margolis: Yes. The West Coast markets in general continued to perform very, very well for us. Orlando and Las Vegas and the West Palm have also been the strong markets for us.
Gaurav Mehta: And I guess, on the expense side, whats driving the expense guidance growth for 17?
Scott Stubbs: So the fourth quarter looks like its elevated expenses, but it really relates more to a tough comp. Last year in the fourth quarter, we had negative expense growth, right around negative 2%. So year-over-year is really the difference.
Gaurav Mehta: Okay, thank you. Thats all for me.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Gaurav.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gwen Clark with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Gwen Clark: Can you talk about where street rent trends  sorry, can you hear me?
Joe Margolis: We can hear you now, Gwen.
Gwen Clark: Hey, sorry, about that. My phone just came off the headset. Can you guys talk about where street rent trends are today and then where move-in rates are? And I guess what you guys call your effective rate?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So throughout the third quarter, our street rates were about 5%, ahead of where they were the prior year and our achieved rate was about 3% and moving into October, those continue strong.
Gwen Clark: Okay. And then I guess on that piece, I know promotions as a percentage of revenue seems to have been trending up as of early September. Can you talk about where that is today and how that fares relative to your expectations?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So discounts as a percentage of revenue were just under 4% and we continue to discount rentals about 55% of our rentals receive some type of discount in the third quarter. Most of those, the most popular discount continues to be first month free and we continue to use discounting as a way to move occupancy. You can move rate, you can move discounting or you can move your marketing spend and right now, we are probably a little more focused on the discounting side.
Gwen Clark: Okay, thats helpful. And sorry again about the headset/
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Gwen.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Todd Thomas: Yes, hi, thanks. First, can you provide an October occupancy for us and where that is year-over-year?
Scott Stubbs: So, our occupancy year-over-year at the end of the quarter was 140 basis points. We have actually seen it come down a little bit, closer to the 1% delta at the end of October. Thats primarily a result of some of the move outs we have seen in Florida as the elevated occupancy around the hurricanes has kind of gone away.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then the increase in rental activity in the quarter, rentals were up 7  a little over 7%, is that more inbound hits or is it driven by a higher conversion rate? Whats the mix like there?
Joe Margolis: Its a little of everything. And as Scott pointed out earlier, we are constantly playing with the various tools we have to maximize revenue and we are able to increase occupancy by using those tools this quarter.
Scott Stubbs: You also saw more activity with the hurricanes, Todd.
Todd Thomas: Okay. How do you measure your conversion rate or how would you quantify that? Is there something that you can share with us around what your conversion rate looks like?
Joe Margolis: We dont share that information, Todd, sorry.
Todd Thomas: Alright, thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, thanks for the time. Just on the same-store revenue as you commented that you thought that the pace of growth was decelerating, but the fourth quarter implies kind of at the midpoint of your guidance, 3, 4. Is that where you see things, I know you have kind of had a history of beating and raising or is that  is there some conservatism built in there? That will be my first question.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Juan, so the fourth quarter does imply some decelerations. The number you give is kind of your number, I would tell you just kind of depending on where you pick in the range, but I think if you look sequentially from the second to the third, the average 4.8% after starting  ending the second quarter at 5.2%, somewhere in that quarter, you were below 4.8%. So, I think you see some deceleration in the fourth quarter, but it has moderated significantly.
Juan Sanabria: And when both  and can you just talk a little bit about SmartStop and where the occupancy is there versus the rest of the portfolio, because I think it still contributed to a fair amount of the relative performance this past quarter when you thought that, that be kind of flat in the second half of the year?
Joe Margolis: Yes. So, its within 50 basis points in terms of occupancy compared to the rest of the portfolio. So, its really right on top of the rest of the portfolio. We started the year thinking that it would add on average for the year about 50 basis points of benefit, the change in same-store pool. Now, we are probably closer to 75 basis points on average. Our thinking was it would start the year at 100 basis points and be zero by the end and its probably on the higher end of the 50 to 75 basis point range.
Juan Sanabria: And so sorry, just to clarify the occupancy is 50 basis points below the rest of the portfolio? Is there anything...
Scott Stubbs: Its actually  so its very close and its going to be market-by-market. What I am saying is, its within 50 basis points, but its a combination of rates as well as occupancy that have provided the benefit from the change in pool.
Juan Sanabria: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Hoglund with Jefferies. Your line is open.
George Hoglund: Hey, good morning guys. Just one question on the acquisition environment, just what are you guys seeing out there in terms of portfolios in the market? And then also, are you seeing any change in the competitive landscape for acquisitions in terms of how is the appetite from a private equity? Has there been any noticeable change there?
Joe Margolis: Sure. So, transaction volumes are down significantly. The last statistics I saw was 63% between 2016 and today through the end of the third quarter. So, the volume overall is down significantly that we believe the quality of most of what we see on the market in terms of product quality or markets is lesser than what we would like to chase. So, its just a very difficult environment. And as you suggest, there is significant interest in private equity in self-storage. I think that even with our reduced numbers from prior years, we still look a lot better than other real estate asset classes and people are looking to get exposure to self-storage and we are seeing new private equity money compete in this space.
George Hoglund: Okay. And then just following up on that, as given the amount of private equity money looking to get into the space and given where some of the stocks have gone over the past 12 to 24 months, where do you think is a likelihood of large scale M&A in the sector?
Joe Margolis: Yes, I am not sure I could really predict large-scale M&A.
George Hoglund: Okay, thanks.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, George.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Malkin with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Neil Malkin: Hey, guys. Good morning. In some of the other sectors, we are seeing just the lending environment tightening give way to the ability for the REITs who have better access to capital to provide that mezz part of the capital stack. Have you seen more people come to you looking for mezz financing and are you considering that just given sort of kind of the outdated supply and the less dilutive impact of that versus C of O lease-up?
Joe Margolis: Its a really good question and we thought there was going to be an opportunity in mezz and frankly, we thought there would be a void in the capital markets there would be a way we could attractively place capital given the current acquisition environment. For us, we would be unwilling to do it on a development property. I dont want to be in a position where I have to take over some broken development property. But we thought maybe for people who had under-leveraged assets with long-term debt on it, there might be an opportunity. We made some inquiries in the market, and were wrong. We just  we havent found that to be an opportunity, but we will continue to try to be creative and find ways to invest investors capital at good risk-adjusted returns.
Neil Malkin: Okay. And last one for me, just given the sentiment and nature of the environment for stabilized assets and pricing. Are you kind of alluding to you, you are getting more comfortable with your C of O pipeline? Do you see that increasing? And if so, what size relative to the enterprise are you comfortable with this part of the cycle?
Joe Margolis: Two good questions. So first of all, we have an internal governor on the amount of dilution. Our C of O pipeline and value-add stores, they were willing to accept. And we monitor that every quarter and we do our best to stay within it. One way, if we see attractive deals that we can continue to participate but stay within that dilution governor is to execute deals in joint ventures. And I think if you look at our C of O pipeline, there is a good number of the deals, are executed in joint ventures. We still believe there are opportunities in C of O in development, although they are fewer and far between. We approved in 2016, 38 C of O transactions and we have approved so far this year 15, 7 of which are in joint ventures. So we are about half of the pace that we were a year prior, but we have never out of the market, and to the extent someone has a submarket of location that makes sense  costs that makes sense, we will continue to participate.
Neil Malkin: Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to dig into sort of the West Coast markets a bit more, maybe if you could compare and contrast LA and San Francisco a bit, LA did seem to decelerate quite a bit where San Francisco sort of was more stable. Just wondering what are your expectations over the next, call it, 6 to 12 months for those West Coast markets and if you could just compare the two?
Joe Margolis: So de-acceleration is relative and we are still growing rents in Los Angeles at over 8%. So, thats a pretty good clip and its real hard to think you can sustain over a long period of time higher rent growths. I think those markets are going to continue to be very strong, because we just dont see very much new development. Its very difficult to get things built in those markets. There is some exceptions, Irvine and San Jose, but overall, we expect those to continue to be very strong markets.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay. And then just on supply sort of now coming towards the end of 17 into 18, any updated thoughts on sort of the pipeline and deliveries. It seems to be there is a couple of different figures out there now, I am just wondering what your thoughts are and when you expect to see the peak impact from this in the markets where you are seeing supply?
Joe Margolis: So, earlier this year, we are asked that question on overall number, we said 600 to 800. If we have to give an update now, we would say we are probably towards the lower end of that range. But I want to caution as think I have in the past, overall number and the focus on markets, I think youd be misplaced because the most important thing is where these stores are being built. So for example, Dallas is kind of the poster child of a lot of development, possibly overdevelopment. But Dallas several markets, our stores in South Dallas are growing revenue at 10%, where North and East Dallas are slightly negative. So its real hard to say how many stores are being delivered in the country, whats the overall number or even how many stores are being delivered in a market, because it depends where those stores are being built.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay, good. Thanks, guys.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Vikram.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: This is Ki Bin. I am sure you figured that out. So, it seems like the results are just trending a little bit better than guidance, obviously. If you had to look at all the variables that you are always managing to drive occupancy, drive revenue, what is the surprising factor that came in better than expected?
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you, occupancy has been better than expected as well as we have been able to have a little bit more pricing power than I think we expected early on in the year.
Ki Bin Kim: So when you say occupancy, if you can dig in a little bit deeper, is that because different ways of advertising is the private market getting a similar uplift in your MSAs or are you taking share just wondering if you could provide more color on that?
Joe Margolis: Its hard for us to get really good statistics on the private market, but I will tell you we believe in our platform. We believe in our systems that we can stick the most people into the funnel and convert the most people out of there. And we are never happy with where we are. We are always going to try to improve it, but right now, the system is working pretty well.
Ki Bin Kim: And when you say the system, how much of it is truly your algorithms and your pricing systems outputting something and you guys do it versus something more subjective that you might do during the quarter?
Joe Margolis: So our machines, our algorithms work in conjunction with our people. We dont turn the machine on and just let it run. There are situations that a machine doesnt know the road in front closed or whatever, and so its a combination of our people on the ground and in our data science and revenue management teams and our algorithms.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Ki Bin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Todd Stender: Hi, thanks guys. Can we hear details on the properties you acquired in the quarter, specifically locations and maybe stabilization occupancies, that kind of stuff?
Scott Stubbs: Combination of a few things we did, Certificate of Occupancy in Georgia, we bought one in Virginia, we bought one in North Carolina, one in Florida and then one joint venture in Massachusetts. Majority of those are lease up or Certificate of Occupancy deals.
Todd Stender: And Scott, can you go through your underwriting assumptions, I guess if you are willing to take one on balance versus one in a joint venture, if you go through maybe the growth  annual growth rates and maybe going in yields?
Scott Stubbs: So, we underwrite all stores the same regardless of whether we are going to offer it to a joint venture partner or not and their question to us would be sometimes its the size of the store, sometimes the wholly-owned return is unacceptable to us, but the joint venture return, which is enhanced, is acceptable to us, exposure to a market, different factors such as that.
Joe Margolis: And then sometimes just managing the dilution, quite frankly.
Todd Stender: And you guys have an updated dilutive number or dilution number, maybe an annualized number?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So, in terms of Certificate of Occupancy, we have got $0.07 in our current number and then $0.08 related to stores that will stabilize at a number higher than our current earnings. So, $0.15 total of additional earnings from those C of O or from those lease-up properties.
Joe Margolis: The other factor frankly to give a complete answer is sometimes, developers bring us stores that they will only do on a joint venture basis where we dont have the access to the transaction unless we are willing to do a joint venture.
Todd Stender: Got it. Thanks for the color.
Joe Margolis: Sure. Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: So, just a quick one, when you guys had the C of O deals that you are doing this year, is probably half the pace, are other players picking up that slack or is it just less getting done?
Joe Margolis: I would say there is less getting done.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. That was it for me. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Joe Margolis.
Joe Margolis: Thank you everyone for your interest today in Extra Space and look forward to seeing you shortly. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norman - VP-IR Joe Margolis - CEO Scott Stubbs - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Gaurav Mehta - Cantor Fitzgerald Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets Gwen Clark - Evercore Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley George Hoglund - Jefferies Nick Yulico - UBS Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Market Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Smedes Rose - Citigroup
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Extra Space Storage Q2 2017 Earnings Conference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will have a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Mr. Jeff Norman, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Nova. Welcome to Extra Space Storages second quarter 2017 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the Companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the Companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Wednesday, August 2, 2017. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. We had another solid quarter and we are pleased with our results for the first half of the year. In the quarter, we saw a healthy demand and steady rental volume which outpaced that of second quarter 2016. We maintained our same-store occupancy gap and ended the quarter of 94.4%, 70 basis points ahead of where we were in 2016. We were also able to grow street rates, which together with our occupancy gains increased same-store revenue 5.2%. We demonstrated great expense control with a 1.1% decrease in same-store expenses. As a result, same-store NOI grew 7.7%. We also saw growth outside of our same-store pool, which contributed to an increase of 16% in FFO per share as adjusted. All of our markets show positive revenue growth with the exception of Houston, which was effectively flat. The markets in the western states continue to perform particularly well, many with revenue growth in high single-digits. Out top MSAs have been affected differently by the current development cycle and we believe that we continue to benefit from our highly diversified portfolio.  In the quarter, we added 27 new properties to our third-party management platform, bringing the total additions to 54 for the year. These managed stores provide us additional fee income, density in key markets, efficiencies that come from scale, customer data and potential future acquisition opportunities.  We recently held our 2017 Partners Conference in Park City, Utah where over 150 partners joined us for two days of meetings. This is the best turnout in our history and our managed pipeline for the next six months is the largest it has ever been.  However, we were recently informed that one of our partners Strategic Storage Trust formerly known as SmartStop has decided to internalize management and its 94 stores will be leaving Extra Spaces system effective October 1.  Although loss of these stores is unfortunate we have over 100 properties scheduled to be added in the back half of 2017 the majority of which are in higher rent per square foot markets than the managed SmartStop properties. For example, we added an 11-store portfolio in New York City just last week. We remain enthusiastic about our third-party management platform and expect it to continue to be a valuable part of our growth strategy. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Joe. Last night we ported FFO as adjusted of $1.09 per share exceeding the high end of our guidance by $0.03, the beat was the result of property performance, tenant reinsurance and management fees. Repairs and maintenance, payroll and insurance have been lower than expected and contributed to the expense fee.  We also incurred a one-time $6 million loss related to the write-down on three parcels of land, two of which are under contract for sale.  Occupancy for the same-store pool ended the quarter at 94.4% a 70-basis point year-over-year increase. While occupancy is just one driver of revenue, we are encouraged by the strong rental activity and peak occupancy levels were seeing this summer. We were able to increase rates to new customers in the low single-digits during the quarter and discounts while up year-over-year remain at levels below historical norms. We continue our existing customer rent increase program without changes. During the quarter, we did not access our ATM. Acquisitions and loan maturities were funded by draws on our credit facility. We also completed a 10-year $300 million private placement at 3.95%. The notes have a delay drop feature and they will be issued on August 24. The private placement proceeds will be used to finance acquisitions, loan maturities and to pay down revolving balances. These notes help us achieve our goals of increasing our average debt term, our fixed rate debt ratio and the size of our unsecured pool. Based on the performance year-to-date we raised the bottom end of our same-store revenue guidance by 25 basis points to a range of 4.25% to 5%. We lowered our annual expense guidance to 1.75% to 2.5% as a result our annual NOI guidance increased to 4.75% to 6%. We reaffirm our original acquisition guidance of total investment of $400 million comprised of $325 million in wholly on stores and $200 million in joint venture acquisitions and developments with approximately $75 million in capital that would be contributed by Extra Space. Approximately $200 million is currently close under agreement. We are in discussions on several other acquisitions opportunities and our guidance assumes the remaining $200 million will close late in the fourth quarter. We remain focused on only acquiring properties that create long-term value for our shareholders. As a result of the Q2 beat, we are increasing our full year FFOs adjusted guidance to $4.25 to $4.32 per share. This includes the Q4 impact of losing the managed SmartStop stores. Our guidance also includes $0.07 of dilution from our CofO stores and an additional $0.08 from value added acquisitions for a total of $0.15. Ill now turn the time back over to Joe.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Scott. Coming into 2017 we received many questions related to demand, new supply, external growth and our ability to increase revenue and FFO. We are more than half way through 2017 and to a very large extent our predictions related to these topics have been accurate. First, demand has been steady, stable demand has led to positive growth in rates, rentals and occupancy resulting in solid revenue growth. The rate of our revenue growth is moderated since the beginning of the year and as our guidance implies, will moderate further in the second half of the year. However, our systems have proved adept at adjusting rate, occupancy discounts in marketing spend to maximize revenue in the current environment. Despite headwinds in difficult comps, we still expect stores to produce some of the best revenue growth among REITs and we expect to lead the pack in this sector. Second, new supply while present, has been manageable so far, several markets have felt the impact of new development while others have remained relatively immune. Most markets continue to see revenue growth and our performance continues to be solid due to our diversified portfolio. Construction pipelines have been pushed back as projects are taking longer to get done and the fallout of projects and planning remained significant.  Third, we will have both challenges and opportunities related to external growth. Pricing for marketed acquisitions remains at elevated levels, sales volume is down significantly and we have not seen sufficient long-term value to increase our bids to meet seller expectations. Most acquisitions have come from existing relationships rather than on the open market. However, our prediction that we could see an increase in demand for third party management has come to fruition and we expect our pipeline to remain robust. Finally, we continue to produce outsized FFO growth. Our sector leading same store performance together with accretive acquisitions, tenant insurance, third party management and an efficient balance sheet have resulted in another strong quarter of FFO as adjusted growth of 16%. We are focused on being responsible stewards of our shareholders capital and providing the best long-term return on that capital in this sector. Lets now turn the time over to Jeff to start the question-and-answer session.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Joe. In order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyones questions, I would ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief. If time allows we will address following questions, once everyone has had an opportunity to ask their initial questions. And with that, well turn it over to Nova to start our Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Juan Sanabria: Hi good morning. I was just hoping if you guys could speak to what your thoughts are on the slowdown thats baked into the second half guidance for same-store revenues and how we should think about that into 18? And if you could also as part of that give us any sense of how July is trending particularly with one of your larger peers commenting about cutting rate significantly? 
Joe Margolis: Okay, I hope I can remember all those questions. So not really prepared to talk about 18, the slowdown for the second half of the year is partially due to a lessening time which is impact of the prior year's acquisitions as we discussed. So, we get a greater benefit from our acquisition, our 2015 acquisitions earlier in the year and the later year and secondly it is just a slowdown in revenue growth in the market. July is generally a continuation of what weve seen in the year. There is nothing significant to report in change in July. And what was the last, am I missing one question there?
Juan Sanabria : No, I think you got it, have you changed your guidance for SmartStop while were on that topic in terms of the contribution in the same-store revenues for the year?
Joe Margolis: No, our guidance always implied or predicted that we would have the greatest impact in the first quarter and if that impact would diminish as the year went on to when by the end of the year we expected that portfolio to be performing at or around portfolio averages.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. And then just one follow-up on the same-store expense obviously a big top versus the first half implied. If you could just give us some sense of whats driving that and the visibility into those expense increases implied by guidance?
Scott Stubbs: So, we dont see a big expense increase in the third or fourth quarter. Its more a comparison to last year. So last year during the third quarter our expenses grew at about 1.5% we are expecting those to grow more normalized rates with property taxes growing 5% to 6% and payroll growing more than inflationary.  In addition, in the fourth quarter last year we saw expected decrease by about 2%. So, year-over-year thats why its looking like expenses in the third and fourth quarter elevated.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gaurav Mehta of Cantor Fitzgerald.
Gaurav Mehta: So, I was wondering in terms of markets, are there any markets that are ahead of your initial 17 guidance and any markets that are behind?
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you that I think California continues to probably exceed expectations. In terms of markets being behind, I dont think we are surprised by any of the markets. I would tell you its somewhat the benefit of the diversified portfolio as one market goes up and other typical goes down.
Joe Margolis: Maybe a market thats underperforming first guidance for us would be New York City.
Gaurav Mehta: Okay. And I guess as a follow up in terms of renewals are you seeing any push back from your existing tenants from any of your markets?
Joe Margolis: No. Theres really been no changes in customer behavior with respect to the response to our rate increases.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Wes Golladay of RBC Capital Markets.
Wes Golladay: Hey. Good morning, guys. Can you talk about your customer acquisition cost, it seems like your market expenses really low concerning you built occupancy and then to bolt on to that, will you see any reallocation of the platform cost from the SmartStop JV, for the JV management go to the consolidated, when will they leave the system later in the year?
Joe Margolis: So, our marketing spend is just one tool we used to maximize revenue, the others tools being rate discount and occupancy. And when we believe its been beneficial to maximize revenue to increase marketing spend we will do so. I would not be surprised to see us use this lever sometime in the second half of the year, we feel we need to, but weve been able to achieve the results weve achieved while staying on budgeting in marketing so far. And could you
Scott Stubbs: SmartStop, so in terms of the SmartStop cost and the losing those stores we have 100 stores coming on in the next six months, so we expect those stores to absorb some of that or be able to allocate the stores across the new stores. In addition, we have some termination fees, associated with these properties that should help soften the blow in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gwen Clark of Evercore.
Gwen Clark: Hi. Good afternoon. Can you give us some update on the 30-property portfolio that you guys have on the market?
Joe Margolis: Sure, were making good progress on the recapitalization of the 36 properties that we had on the market. Weve selected a joint venture partner and were on to the next stage of documenting the deal and well be happy to provide all the details once it closes. We expect it to close prior to the end of the year.
Gwen Clark: And can you just talk about the use of the proceeds and whether you think the pricing on assets youve purchased would essentially be equal or better than what youre selling?
Joe Margolis: Yeah. We expect to use the proceeds to fund acquisitions and our goal is to purchase higher quality, better located, higher long-term returning properties.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra of Morgan Stanley.
Vikram Malhotra: Thank you. So just wanted to follow up on a question related to one of your peers indicating they would seriously cut rate in the rest of the summer months. So, Im trying to get a sense how -- can you give some maybe anecdote color or just from a strategic perspective, how would you directly respond to rates being simply cut by peers that are located close to your properties and maybe just as some of the new supply is coming on, tactically what are you doing to kind of pull customers to your facilities?
Joe Margolis: So, our revenue management systems are designed to react to whats going on in the market and what is happening at an individual property and its possible that a competitor could cut rate significantly and have very minimal impact on us because of other factors. But if it does have an impact, our systems will respond and maximize the revenue at that store.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay. And then just going back on the expenses, what specifically changed around some repairs and maintenance and labor cost that sort of some budget you saw the numbers negative for the first two quarters. I am just trying to understand what changed. 
Scott Stubbs: So, they are some controllable and some uncontrollable. So, we had a very mild snow winter and that helped us on our repair and he maintenance, and we also tightened our belts a little bit. We went and renegotiated all our landscape contracts, about 9% reduction in landscape cost without any change in service. We took a good hard look knowing this would be a tough year and we are able to find some savings. 
Joe Margolis: On the payroll side, we have normalized hours for our stores as we have created efficiencies for our site managers whether its through the systems and the ability to attract customers in different areas we have normalized those hours across all properties.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay. So, we should expect that the benefit on those two-line items should continue in the back half.
Joe Margolis: To a lesser degree we started much of the payroll change in end of the summer early fall last year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Hoglund of Jefferies.
George Hoglund : Hey. Good morning guys. So just first on the Strategic Storage Trust are internalizing, was their decision just purely by they had reached critical mass, where it made sense to internalize? And then are there any other sort of large portfolios of assets under third party management where we could see that happen to someone else?
Joe Margolis: Yes, we think told by Strategic that this was a decision to internal management based on their internal business goals have nothing to do with performance or dissatisfaction with us in any way. We had two other owners that we managed large portfolios with. We have the same risk with those portfolios because SmartStop had an operating platform before we purchased their portfolio. They kept many of those resources in place. The other large portfolios we manage, well they dont have any operational management experience or history. So, I'll be very surprised that were in a position to do this. 
George Hoglund: Okay. And then just one thing on pricing, has there been any divergence during the course of the year in terms of internet rate and walk-in rate?
Scott Stubbs: Year-over-year you may see some variability but in current year it has not changed significantly. But we are moving those all the time and when I say by year-over-year is maybe last year the difference was 5% this year is 15% so year-over-year it looks different. But remember the difficulty when it comes to our revenues at the stores and our pricing on the stores in the current year is were coming off two of the best years weve ever seen in the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico of UBS. Your line is open.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. So, supply has been one of the bigger topics for this sector lately. One of your peers talked about supply likely peaking this year as far as impacted in another I think [ph] its next year. Wondering which side of the coin you chose?
Joe Margolis: Respectfully I think its not a very hopeful question, right. The gross numbers of 600 to 800 this year and next year, it really doesnt matter, it hopefully gets delivered in December this year or January next year. So, the gross amount of supply across the country is sort of interesting but this is very much a micro market business. And what were very focused on trying to understand is, whats happening in the markets where our stores are and how do we react to maximize revenue. That being said, I think the peak impact thats what's you're looking for, I think the impact will be greater next year than this year, because you have the cumulative effect of things that we delivered in 17 as well as in 18.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And then on the second half of the year. Could you just tell us what your expectation is for occupancy, just the year-over-year delta in the third and fourth quarter?
Scott Stubbs: So, its lessening, so the SmartStop stores, they come up to the average, it will lessen, so by the end of the year it is negligible. We expect these SmartStop stores and the other 2015 acquisitions to be performing at our current portfolio level by the end of the year and so there is a moderate benefit throughout the year but by the end of the year flat.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Market.
Todd Thomas: Hi. Good morning. First not sure if I missed this, but can you comment on occupancy at the end of July and where that stood year-over-year?
Joe Margolis: We would tell you that occupancy continues to hold and July is not performing significantly different than the rest of the quarter, the rest of the year.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then in terms of asking rents, you maintained higher asking rents throughout the portfolio year-over-year, which you mentioned and others are seeing asking rents, decrease year-over-year at this point in the cycle. Im just curious if theres anything that you can speak to that might explain that difference?
Joe Margolis: Well, it could be different companies are using a different mix of rent than the other factors to get to revenue. It could be individual market exposure and it could be properties within that market that are more or less affected by new construction or better or worse located.
Todd Thomas: Okay. Do you expect to be able to maintain higher year-over-year asking rents, in the back half of the year, just given the slowdown that you mentioned?
Joe Margolis: We would like to be able to do that, if that is the way to maximize revenue and if we need to lower rate to increase occupancy or not spend as much on discount and other things. Whatever the right formula is for a particular market or property to maximize revenue, thats what we will pursue.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And just one quick last one also a follow-up. Just about public storages expected rent cuts in some markets, which they mentioned as of last Thursday I believe. Im not clear, Im not sure I heard whether or not you are seeing that decrease in rents in any markets and what the magnitude of those cuts may be if you could comment on that?
Joe Margolis: It is a property-by-property analysis and well see public storage or someone else do something that will cause us to react because if the effect on our property or we will see public storage or someone else do something that has absolutely no effect on our store and we are still able to operate it the way we want to. It really depends on the individual situation of the property.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Stender of Wells Fargo. 
Todd Stender: Hi thanks. Joe, I think in your opening remarks you mentioned landing a third-party management contract with a New York City operator. Can you give more details on that and who it is and where they are located?
Joe Margolis: Its Tuck-It-Away stores and they are in New York and they are in Burroughs of New York.
Todd Stender: And they will be re-branded extra space just like the rest of the properties?
Joe Margolis: They were re-branded last Wednesday all the signs went up Wednesday and Thursday and they will be operated under the Extra Space platform just like all the other stores in our system.
Todd Stender : Okay, thanks. And just looking at acquisition volumes, your guidance is saying 300 million, I wanted to see whats in that number, if you just look at your straight acquisitions, if I have my numbers right here about 115 million of stuff thats either closed or going to close which suggests a pretty good ramp for the rest of the year, are those deals included in that, what else is in there?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, so its 325 for wholly owned acquisitions and we see those deals are included in there if they are wholly-owned. We have a number of things in process that we hope come to fruition. And if we are able to do that and meet our guidance, that will be a good thing. But if we cant -- we are not going to buy things just to meet guidance. And if we dont meet our guidance its not going to have any effect on our performance or our ability to hit guidance this year. So, we left that number out partially based on what we are working and in hope we make it. But again, we are going to find things which is in the best interest of our shareholders not meet some guidance number we put out there.
Scott Stubbs: One another point of clarification Todd, the 325 wholly owned we have also have 75 million of JV investment to total the 400 million and of that JV investment most of that is identified. So, the 75 million plus the 115 million you referred to is kind of whats either identified or closed to-date.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim : Thanks, and good morning out there. I am not sure if I missed this but did you comment on the street rate growth you experienced in the quarter and maybe in July?
Scott Stubbs: So, street rate year-to-date have been up 3% to 5% -- just over 5%. The actual achieved rates are going to be lower than that. Our achieved rate year-to-date have been 0% to 3% and I am getting a range because it really depends on what specials we are running, what tests we are doing but achieved rates have been our street rates but our street rates continue to be in that 3% to 5% year-over-year.
Ki Bin Kim : And how thats trended in July, same or towards the lower?
Scott Stubbs: No significant changes in July to-date in terms of operations. 
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And for argument sake, if the achieve rate remains at 0% for the foreseeable future and there is no change to the [indiscernible] customer rate increase program in terms of increased frequency or acceptance rate. How long does it take for things or revenues to follow suite and get close to that 0% number? And just trying to get a sense of the wind down of the contribution program if how long it helps?
Joe Margolis: Yeah. Just to make sure I understand the question, are you asking how long our current achieved rates to take the flow through to become our rent growth in the future?
Ki Bin Kim: Yeah, and assuming if there is no change in changing the ECRI program.
Joe Margolis: Yeah. So, first of all I mean things have changed, its hard to really make that assumption we have a lot of variables, things are changing all the time. I would tell you things will flow through in four to eight quarters. You know at some point your rates today become your rates in the future, but one point I would clarify is achieved rates have been better than zero.
Ki Bin Kim: Yeah, I know that, that was a theoretical question. And do you know what percent of proposed impacted by new supply in the way you guys look at it?
Joe Margolis: In terms of new supply, I would tell you that if you look at our revenues, about two thirds of our revenues come from markets that have somewhat elevated supply, but then I would tell you, you need to be very careful on assuming the two thirds of our properties have a new supply and new competitors. For instance, in Dallas, Dallas is the market that has elevated supply but our properties in South Dallas are almost unaffected. So, its very, very difficult to give you that number and have it be meaningful just because of the impact to supply and the assumptions people then take from there.
Operator: And we have a follow up from the line of Juan Sanabria of Bank of America.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Thanks for the time. Just hoping you guys could comment a little bit more on where you see cap rates, you know deals are down but kind of what the spread is and just commentary on cap rates where you see them for prime and kind of the secondary markets?
Joe Margolis: Yeah, sure as you point out sales volumes are down significantly and we see a number of deals just get taken off the market because the spread is too wide. So, we have fewer data points. I would also point out that most of what we see on the market is of lesser quality even in terms of quality of markets. Then we would like so, its difficult to compare those cap rates to previous cap rates which might has been better quality product.  That being said we dont see a significant expansion of cap rates. There is still a lot of equity chasing this product type, fundamentals are still very good. Things are highly occupied and rent growth is going in the right direction. So, I think all that capital is supporting prices then there might be some modest increase in cap rates, but its really hard to pin down.
Juan Sanabria: Okay and then you noted that supply was going to be or has been pushed back in delays and starts and fallouts as well as the potential future developments. Any numbers around that or any markets in particular that stand out in terms of first half versus second half spread down versus your initial expectations that what would be delivered?
Joe Margolis: Yeah, I could tell you a couple of data points, I dont know if it will give you your full answer, but we currently have a little over 350 development properties in our management plus pipeline and that number has grown a little bit but has always been a pretty significant number. And the fallout rate we see on those properties is about half. So that maybe an over inflated number because the public storages of the world dont ask us [indiscernible] their developments but thats a good data point. I would also tell you that markets are in different stages of the development cycle. So, we look at Chicago and we are tracking 78 projects in Chicago, the majority of them have already been delivered and the pipeline is getting smaller. And you compare that to Miami where many more in the development process that have been delivered. And so, we kind of look at markets that way and feel that in some markets like Miami more of the impact is coming where a market like Chicago hopefully were past the great point of impact. We are actually seeing that in our numbers as well.
Juan Sanabria : Was that 50% fallout similar to last year?
Scott Stubbs: Yes.
Juan Sanabria : Okay. And then just one last question for me. You guys talked about demand being steady to up. Any numbers around that in terms of where the call volumes or any way to get a sense of the robustness of that?
Scott Stubbs: Without giving numbers, I would tell you we are citing that from our rental volume, our web searches and our call center volume.
Operator: And our next follow-up comes from the line of Gwen Clark of Evercore.
Gwen Clark: Hi, guys. Ive two quick ones. First, what percentage of your first half FFO came from the SmartStop contracts? And then also in the guidance when you considered changing the same-store pool, you referenced 50 basis points from SmartStop, is that in the updated guidance also?
Joe Margolis: So, make sure I understand your question. You are asking what percentage of our -- or how many cents of FFO in the first half came from the SmartStop management contract?
Gwen Clark: Yes, then that income, I assume its really small.
Scott Stubbs: Its small and we have never broken it out after that level in terms of the exact profitability for management business and we prefer not to. I am sorry the second question is?
Joe Margolis: And I guess I also say, at the risk of repeating ourselves, we have sufficient stores that we will be putting on line in the second half to replace all of the SmartStop stores. So, we are not going to take a step backwards, obviously we would rather not lose the SmartStop store and our growth would be greater but we are not going to take a step backwards.
Gwen Clark: Okay and then for the guidance the 50 basis points from SmartStop acquisition, is that still in the updated range?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, so SmartStop its not just SmartStop but the 2015 acquisitions continue to benefit. At the start of the year was 110 basis points in revenue. This quarter it was 90 and we assume that will continue to go down and below [ph] for an average of 50 to 75 basis points for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose of Citigroup.
Smedes Rose : Hi, thank you. I just wanted to ask you on the development side. Are you seeing any change in the availability of capital or hearing anything in terms of bank's willingness to lend in the space now?
Joe Margolis: I think availability of debt capital is a constraint on development now and obviously strong well capitalized developers can get loans and we see local banks still in some of the cap curve [ph] but absolutely we see I think that capital is a constraint.
Smedes Rose : Okay. And then I just -- thank you. I wanted to ask you on your management platform just as a reminder, when someone does join is there a minimum period that they have to -- that they sign a contract for or can they just kind of give a months' notice or how does that exit process work?
Joe Margolis: So, people can leave our management platform anytime because they want to internalize management like the first situation or they want to sell it, but there is a termination fee that amortizes over time and compensates us for someone meeting before the term of the contract is over.
Smedes Rose : Okay. Thank you. And the termination fees would be included in your guidance through the back half of the year or for the fourth quarter right now?
Joe Margolis: Yes. The termination fees we expect to receive from strategic is included in our guidance.
Operator: And we have a follow up from the line of Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim: Just a couple of quick ones here. Is there anything inherently youre doing differently versus peers thats allowing you to keep a little bit more of an elevated things [ph] of revenue run rate? And because youre decelerating at a slower pace, so just curious if you can provide any commentary around that?
Joe Margolis: Yeah. I hope so and we certainly wouldnt discuss it on a conference call.
Ki Bin Kim: Yeah, dont want you to [indiscernible] but I just want to see [indiscernible] get your thoughts on it.  But a second question, it seems like one of the hitting continence of storage is the bays loss and inventory term. So, when you actually find out a customer has left and the days it takes to release it, has there been any noticeable change in that? Does it stick over the past couple of years?
Joe Margolis: No, I mean its markedly different during times of the year maybe going from 30 days average in the winter months to closer to 15 in the summer, but its been very consistent.
Operator: And Im showing no further questions at this time I would like to turn the call back to Joe Margolis, CEO, for closing remarks.
Joe Margolis: I want to thank everyone for their participation and interest in Extra Space and I hope everyone has a good day. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the call. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norman  Vice President-Investor Relations Joe Margolis  Chief Executive Officer Scott Stubbs  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Smedes Rose  Citigroup Michael Bilerman  Citigroup Juan Sanabria  Bank of America George Hoglund  Jefferies Ryan Burke  Green Street Advisors Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Gwen Clark  Evercore ISI Jon Hughes  Raymond James Vikram Malhotra  Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Extra Space Storage Inc. First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Mr. Jeff Norman, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, James. Welcome to Extra Space Storages first quarter 2017 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the Companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the Companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Thursday, April 27, 2017. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Hello everyone. We kicked off 2017 with the solid first quarter and fundamentals remain positive. We gained occupancy, grew street rates, and increase same-store revenue by 5.8%. We demonstrated great expense control with the 2% decrease in same-store expenses. As a result, same-store NOI grew 9.2% and FFO per share as adjusted increased by 20%. We saw positive year-over-year revenue growth in all MSAs. We also saw acceleration of revenue growth in several MSAs, including Boston, Chicago, and Philadelphia, demonstrating the cyclical nature of markets. We are enjoying the benefits of a well balanced diversified portfolio, operational scale and the ability to achieve outsized growth from storage added to our platform. We continue to be disciplined on the acquisition front. And we are committed to transact only a prices we will provide long-term value for our shareholders. During the quarter, we added two wholly-owned stores and two joint venture stores, for a total investment of $28 million. In the quarter, we added 27 new properties to our third-party platform and we have a robust pipeline of additional stores, which we will manage under the Extra Space brand. These managed stores will provide us additional fee income, density in key markets, customer data and potential future acquisition opportunities. Importantly, we are starting to see a more balance mix of development and existing stores and our managed to our pipeline. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe. Last night, we reported FFO as adjusted of $1.03 per share, exceeding the high-end of our guidance by $0.04. Revenues were in line with expectations and the beat was primarily driven by property operating expenses. Property taxes and payroll were lower than expected and utilities and snow removal were below budget due to mild winter. Our 2017 same-store pool increased 168 stores for a total of 732. A change in the same-store pool added 110 basis points to revenue growth in the quarter and we expect to benefit from the changing pool average 50 basis points over the year. Same-store NOI benefited 220 basis points from the changing pool during the quarter. Beginning January 1, 2017, we have elected to exclude revenue and expenses related to tenant reinsurance from our same-store numbers. This quarter we are presenting the impact of this change in our Q1 supplemental financial information, which shows the results of our 2016 and 2017 same-store pools with and without tenant reinsurance. Occupancy for the same-store pool ended the quarter at 92.2% with an 80 basis point year-over-year increase. We are  we were able to push our rates to new customers approximately 3% to 4% during the quarter. We experience positive net rentals each month and continue to see steady demand. In the first quarter, we do not access our ATM. Acquisitions along maturities were funded by draws on our credit facility. At quarter end, weve drawn $300 million on the term loans with $350 million in remaining term debt available. The revolving portion of the credit facility had a balance of $337 million with $163 million available. Subsequent to quarter end, we swapped $300 million from fixed to variable  from variable rate to fixed rate debt on a five-year term tranche. We reaffirm our annual same-store revenue guidance of 4% to 5% due to the Q1 expense beat we are lowering our annual expense guidance to 2.25% to 3.25%. As a result, we are increasing our annual NOI guidance to 4.25% to 5.75%. We also reaffirm our original acquisition guidance of total investment of $400 million. The mix is change slightly and now includes $325 million in wholly-owned stores and $190 million in joint venture acquisitions and developments, with approximately $75 million in capital to be contributed by Extra Space, approximately $150 million is currently closed or identified. Our guidance assumes the remaining unidentified acquisitions were closed in the third and fourth quarter. As a result of the Q1 beat, were increasing our full year FFO as adjusted guidance to $4.21 to $4.29 per share. Our guidance includes $0.07 of dilution from our CofO stores and an additional $0.08 from value added acquisitions for a total $0.15. Ill now turn the time back to Joe.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Scott. We have a solid first quarter with growth in rates, rentals and occupancy. And we are well positioned heading into our busy season. Revenue de-acceleration from our core assets continues to flatten. Were seeing great performance from value added acquisitions as they are integrated onto our platform. We expect moderation in the back half of the year. We still expect stores to produce some of the best revenue growth in real estate sector. We continue to monitor new supply in key markets to analyze its impact on our performance and to adjust operations that affected stores to minimize impact. While certain stores in markets have felt the impact of new development, it has not prevented or some experiencing positive revenue growth. Also, we are seeing re-acceleration of revenue growth in some markets, including some that were on the front end of the development cycle. And efficient to maximizing same-store operating performance, we continue to utilize other tools that enhance FFO. We are focused on building our third party management portfolio and pursuing high yielding redevelopment and expansion opportunities at our existing stores. Such efforts together with our solid operations should be to another strong year of FFO growth. Lets now turn the time over to Jeff, to start the Q&A session.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Joe. In order to ensure, we have adequate time to address everyones questions. I would ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief. If time allows we will address following questions, once everyone has had an opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that, well turn it over to James to start our Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Smedes Rose of Citigroup. Your question please.
Smedes Rose: Hi, thanks. Joe, just interested and you mentioned re-acceleration of trends in some markets where development was kind of on the front end of the cycle. Could you maybe talk about, which market specifically youre seeing re-acceleration in.
Joe Margolis: I think the best example of that is Chicago, where we had a difficult time last year and were starting to come off of the floor there. Denver is another one maybe not to the extent of Chicago. And I would just caution you up. Were not saying its a hockey stick, but were saying were moving in the right direction.
Smedes Rose: Okay, great. And then I just wanted to ask you quickly, you had mentioned on the last call that the visibility into 2018 supply was difficult to get good feel for. And Im just wondering a few months more into the here. Do you have a better feel for where supply might end up in 2018?
Joe Margolis: I think thats a very difficult question, I mean, storage as a property type is very a short delivery cycle. You can build these stores relatively quickly. And were continuing to see a significant up to 60% fall out rate in the development projects that are in our management plus pipeline. And that is unsatisfactory [indiscernible] this is I think that we do believe that theres not great visibility into next year.
Michael Bilerman: Joe, would you  its Michael Bilerman [Citigroup] speaking. How do you think about PSA will talk about what the public REITs are doing and extrapolate that based on the public market shares  share in the industry. So they would take the 5.2%, 5.3%, thats being developed by the public REIT. Take 13% and say theres 45 million, 46million square feet of development. I guess, how would you look at it overall. Do you think that over underestimate source an accurate estimate of the demand of supply thats coming online?
Joe Margolis: Ive great respect for Ron in Public Storage, but I dont know the assumption that the percentage that the publics are developing versus the overall market will give you an accurate REIT.
Smedes Rose: Okay, thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Smedes. Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from Juan Sanabria of Bank of America. Your question please.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good morning. I was just hoping you could comment on street rate growth trends during the quarter and into the second quarter, and if there was any significant variance between the same-store pool last year and this year, where you included smart stuff.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, this is Scott. I would tell you the street rates grew at  street and achieved rates grew at 3% to 4% in the quarter that continues in April. And I would tell you the SmartStop rates are actually  probably slightly lower than that, as we continue to gain occupancy at those properties. But its been steady at 3% to 4%.
Juan Sanabria: Okay, great. And then, what should we think of is driving the deceleration in the SmartStop contribution that you said youre holding the 50 basis point contribution in same-store revenue for the year. Is that just  is that filling up the stores and having kind of less low hanging fruit.
Scott Stubbs: Tougher comps, you coming up against that  it was already performing fairly well in the back half of last year and is this year compares to the back half of last year those comps get tougher.
Juan Sanabria: Okay, if I can squeeze in one last quick one, you talked about a 60% fall out on new developments on your platform. Any sense of what that was historically.
Joe Margolis: Its ticked up slightly, but I wouldnt put too much [indiscernible] its been pretty steady between 40% and 60% over the last year.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Juan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next comes from George Hoglund of Jefferies. Your question please.
George Hoglund: Hey, guys. Just in terms of how youre looking at acquisitions for the rest of the year. And what would have to happen to sort of change acquisition volume, I mean obviously a better stock price would help. But in terms of kind of where pricing is today where your stock is, how much of a delta is there between, where pricing is and where would have to be to get you guys to get more active.
Joe Margolis: Were not pricing acquisitions on our stock price on any particular day. Our stock price is going to go up or down I have no idea, why our stock price goes up and down. And were trying to find acquisitions to produce long-term value for our shareholders without kind of comparing it to spot pricing of our stock. What were looking and hoping to happens, so we can acquire more properties to back end of the year is that cap rates expect and sellers expectations for pricing come more in line with what were willing to pay for properties.
George Hoglund: And any sort of general sense kind of ballpark sort of on a cap rate basis ROE 50 bps, 100 bps away or how far.
Joe Margolis: Yes, I think thats a probably pretty, pretty fair range.
George Hoglund: Okay, thanks.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, George.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Burke with Green Street Advisors. Sir, your question please.
Ryan Burke: Thank you. Joe, was I correct and hearing you in your prepared remarks referencing that youre seeing a more balance and mix of development and stabilize properties in the managed pipeline.
Joe Margolis: Yes, thats correct.
Ryan Burke: Would you might just elaborate a little bit further just to explain what you mean and why its important notable.
Joe Margolis: So in 2016, the vast majority of projects that we signed up for the people were enquiring about to have us manage these stores form new development. And now were starting to see more existing owners I think as go and get a little tougher realize the need professional management. And were having more and more discussions with existing owners. 40% of the properties we brought on in the first quarter were existing properties. And thats important because when you bring an existing property on. We start making money right away, because its fall. And our fee is a percentage of revenue and when you bring on developing property, its not as profitable until you can lease it up.
Ryan Burke: Okay, makes sense. Thank you. There has been some talk a smaller developers potentially becoming a little bit uneasy about the operating environment and potentially looking to sell, actually sooner than they otherwise would have. Are you guys seeing that?
Joe Margolis: I dont think were seeing enough to that to call that a trend.
Ryan Burke: Okay. Last question, any update on the potential disposition portfolio.
Joe Margolis: Sure. So to be clear were looking to recapitalize a portfolio to sell majority interest in it or transfer to JV in which we would own in minority interest, keep it under the Extra Space platform. We are undergoing a process, weve collected first round bids and were in a process. And were  well talk more about it when were done.
Ryan Burke: Okay, are you able to provide any color about the likelihood of that being a new JV partner versus an existing partner.
Joe Margolis: We really cant say until we know where we end up.
Ryan Burke: Understood, thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Todd Thomas of KeyBanc Capital. Your question please.
Todd Thomas: Hi, Thanks. First question, around this time last year there are some softness in demand set in around the start of the peak leasing season. And Im just wondering if you could comment on how the beginning of the peak season has been so far here, and if youre doing anything differently this year having observed that softness last year.
Joe Margolis: So this year versus last year I would tell you, this year has been steady so far. Last year we were probably a little bit more aggressive on pricing. And year-over-year we were not spending extra on the Internet, our year-over-year marketing cost last year actually went down and this year were spending more and budgets are little bit higher. So that potentially lower prices, higher marketing spend is yield  its a good yield for us this year.
Todd Thomas: Okay, but youre not seeing market pricing or any increasing competition necessarily create softness so far this point in the beginning of the peak leasing season.
Scott Stubbs: Year-to-date we have not, our rentals or demand has been steady to slightly up and our rates are still 3% to 4% above where they were last year. So we classify that as a solid year.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then just following up on the impact from SmartStop portfolio. So its sound like youre expecting the year-over-year contribution to be fairly muted by year-end, so essentially no benefit. Is that the right read and is that whats embedded in guidance.
Scott Stubbs: That is correct and that is what is embedded in guidance.
Todd Thomas: Okay, thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gwen Clark with Evercore ISI. Your question please.
Gwen Clark: Hi, can you guys give us a rundown of how your largest markets there in relative to expectations, and whether they were any surprises in the quarter.
Joe Margolis: So, first thing I would tell you is our markets  in our supplementals, we disclose two things, we disclose our same-store and then also our mature pool. And I think that theres a little noise in both of those disclosures in the supplements in the SmartStop has been added to both of those pools as well as the larger Dallas acquisition which we did last year. So a few of those markets could potentially be overstated as a result of adding those properties. I would tell you Los Angeles continues to do well. Sacramento to lesser degree continues to do well, its a good growth for  now this is under the third year, I would tell you we would probably expect that to tail off its been 15% plus for a long period of time. Boston is not doing as well, but it has bounced back some. And then Houston and Dallas continue to slide a little bit.
Gwen Clark: Okay, thats helpful. And just one quick follow up on topic of California, have you seen any signs of suppliers going to pop up in the larger metro areas that you are in.
Joe Margolis: So were very focused on South Orange County, Irvine company is very aggressively building were managing those stores that we known, but there is a good amount of supply coming there. San Jose and San Diego are the two markets were looking at.
Gwen Clark: You mean in terms of supply coming on or youre looking to build
Joe Margolis: No, Im sorry, Im sorry to be, Im clear. San Jose and San Diego are to markets that there is some supply coming on and were looking that and trying to understand it.
Gwen Clark: Okay, thanks for clarifying. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Gwen.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jon Hughes with Raymond James. Your question please.
Jon Hughes: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Same-store revenues were up 4% in the overall New York same-store pool. But could you tell us what the revenue growth was in the 61 assets that are in old same-store pool.
Joe Margolis: Our New York market did not see a huge benefit or huge difference between the two pools. So it was slightly less in the old same-store pool. We have seen the difference between New York, northern New Jersey, and the Boroughs. The Boroughs are not doing as well, but we do not have as much exposure to the Boroughs. So we may not have enough exposure for to be good sample size. But we are seeing slower growth in the Boroughs and better growth in northern New Jersey and Long Island.
Jon Hughes: Okay. Thank you, appreciate that. And then why would vacate activity so favorable during the quarter. Im just curious to know if same-store rentals and vacates were materially different across the old same-store pool and the 170 assets added this year.
Joe Margolis: Yes, your hard part I would tell you is youre always comparing to the prior year and it depends a little bit on what happened last year. But I think that I wouldnt focus too much on year-over-year, but we did have a mild winter this year, but last winter was not terrible either so.
Jon Hughes: Right, okay fair enough. Just one more quick one, Im sorry if I missed it earlier. But can you give us an update on occupancy today or the most recent number you have?
Joe Margolis: Its not that different from where we ended the quarter in terms of year-over-year.
Jon Hughes: Okay, thats it for me, thanks.
Operator: Thank you
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Jonathan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vikram Malhotra of Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Vikram Malhotra: Thank you, just on the expense side, could you maybe just highlight if therere any one time items and particularly property taxes what are your expectations for the balance of the year.
Joe Margolis: Yes, if you look at the first quarter and how we performed quarter versus our budget. I would tell you our property taxes came in lower than we expected. Our property taxes beat our budgets by about $1.2 million and about  over just over half of that was a result of either appeals that where we were had favorable outcomes for adjustment to exit in accruals on the SmartStop and the other assured portfolios with properties in Texas and Illinois. When we bought the properties we used property tax consultants to accrue on those for the first year and year and a half now. And in those two states report on a lag when we got the final bills we ended up reversing accruals return to about a $0.5 million. So we would tell you that those are benefit that we dont expect to see throughout the year. We also had some benefit from payroll versus our budget, but we think were still early in the year and its probably a little bit too early to see whether or not thats going to continue throughout the year.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay, thanks and then just a bigger picture question on this revenue growth as you look out. If Im correct the last year you mentioned your view was that trends will decelerate, but well sort of trend towards long-term average. Your long-term average revenue growth, if Im not correct over 10 year basis about 4.9%, and your co-pool is probably growing around in the high force. What are your expectations as you look out over the next few quarters. Are you sort of now trending at that long-term number and you expect it to be there. Or could there be, if there likelihood up for their deceleration.
Joe Margolis: So I think our guidance implies that you decelerate some more through the year. But we think its still going to be in that 4% to 5% for the range and depending on where you are in that range, you could go below that or you could stay at the 4% to 5% range depending on where youre estimating were going to end the year.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay, great. Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Vikram.
Operator: Thank you. We have a follow up question form Todd Thomas with Key Banc Capital Markets. Your question please.
Todd Thomas: Yes, thanks. I just wanted to follow up on the mix of projects in the third party management portfolio. So you noted youre seeing more operating assets in the pipeline there. Is the interest from developers down or is the overall pipeline up with the incremental demand just coming from existing owners.
Scott Stubbs: About a year ago we had 150 properties in pipeline. And we have about 300 in the pipeline now. So both the pipeline has increased and the mix  the percentage of existing in the pipeline has increased.
Todd Thomas: And when you talk about it as a pipeline thats those are future potential third party management contracts that youre discussing terms and hoping to land right.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, so its potential and that were not going to get all of them, but we also know were going to continue to add to the pipeline.
Todd Thomas: Sure. And then, do you have any sense in talking to the operators of the existing assets, exactly what it is. Thats causing them to turn to third party managers now, I mean what is it that theyre seeing out there thats becoming a little bit more challenging in a sense.
Joe Margolis: So were experiencing revenue de-acceleration in our portfolio and we know that folks who dont have our platform and our systems are less able to deal with the tougher market. And I think that has maintaining performance gets harder more and more individual operators will turn to professional management.
Todd Thomas: Okay
Scott Stubbs: Todd, I would add that coming out the two best years, I mean for the last two years they were feeling pretty good about operations and didnt feel like they needed any help. There is being slow they may look for help.
Todd Thomas: Got it. And then just lastly you mentioned the potential opportunity for redevelopment and expansions in that. That will become an increasing focused for the company. How big is that opportunity in terms of dollars and also the potential increase in rentable square feet and whats the timeframe that youre thinking about in order to extract that value.
Joe Margolis: Sure, good question. So, historically were always targeted $30 million to $40 million of kind of value added activity. And now weve take it some of our acquisition resources and focused on our existing portfolio. We have about 55 projects in the pipeline now, somewhere from financial underwriting to feasibility, to pre-construction and couple of under construction. About $175 million worth of projects, double-digit returns, and well continue to try to push more projects into that pipeline. The difficult question answers timing, because many of these involved getting some type of entitlements and its difficult to predict how long that will taking all the different jurisdictions.
Todd Thomas: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Im not showing any further question at this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Margolis for closing remarks.
Joe Margolis: I want to thank everyone for their time today for their interest in Extra Space. And we look forward to catching up at NAREIT. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude todays conference. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norman - IR Joe Margolis - CEO Scott Stubbs - CFO
Analysts: George Hoglund - Jefferies Smedes Rose - Citigroup Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Gaurav Mehta - Cantor Fitzgerald Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jeremy Metz - UBS Gwen Clark - Evercore Jonathan Hughes - Raymond James Ryan Burke - Green Street Advisors Wes Golladay - RBC Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley Neil Malkin - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Extra Space Storage Incorporated Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for this conference call, Mr. Jeff Norman. You may begin.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Kevin. Welcome to Extra Space Storages fourth quarter and year-end 2016 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the Companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the Companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Wednesday, February 22, 2017. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Margolis, Chief Executive Officer.
Joe Margolis: Hello, everyone. It was another strong year for Extra Space. We executed at a high level and produced great results coming off 2015, the best year for storage. 2016 same-store revenue increased 6.9% and the NOI grew 9.2%. FFO per share as adjusted, increased by 23%. For the fourth quarter, same-store revenue growth was 5.2% and we were able to decrease year-over-year expenses by 2.1%, resulting in NOI growth of 7.9%. FFO per share as adjusted, increased by 18%. Our FFO growth was driven by property performance, accretive acquisitions, joint ventures, third-party management, and an optimized balance sheet. We are focused on using all of these tools to continue to grow shareholder value. As we expected, revenue growth moderated throughout 2016, as the benefit from growing occupancy went away and street rate growth trended from peak levels to more of historically normal levels by year-end. Despite the moderation, the fundamentals of the storage sector remained positive. While we saw de-acceleration of revenue growth in certain markets, we are also encouraged to observe re-acceleration in other MSAs, demonstrating the cyclical nature of markets. We continue to enjoy the benefits of a well-balanced diversified portfolio and operational scale. In the fourth quarter, we acquired 27 wholly-owned stores for a total purchase price of $316 million. This includes the buyout of a joint venture partners interest in 11 stores, which we announced on our last call. For the year, we invested $1.1 billion in acquisitions. The large majority of these transactions were not broadly marketed and came from joint ventures, our third-party managed portfolio or through other relationships. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott Stubbs.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe. Last night, we reported FFO as adjusted of $1.03 per share, exceeding the high-end of our guidance by $0.05. The beat was a result of three factors, first, outperformance by our 2015 acquisitions including SmartStop and our CofO deal; second, timing of our Q4 2016 acquisitions that closed earlier than anticipated; and third, lower property and G&A expenses. For the year, FFO as adjusted was $3.85 per share, also exceeding the high-end of our guidance by $0.05. Occupancy for the same-store pool ended the year at 92%, an 80 basis-point decrease from the end of 2015. This includes the impact of six expansion projects which were completed during the quarter. Excluding the additional vacancy created in these six stores, our ending occupancy would have finished 20 basis points higher at 92.2%. During the quarter, we completed a $1.2 billion unsecured credit facility. To-date, we have drawn $662 million. The five and seven-year tranches have delayed draw features, and we will access the remaining available term balances as needed to finance future acquisitions and to pay off debt. The unsecured facility further diversifies our capital structure and reduces our average interest rate. Our goals include having access to multiple types of capital, laddering our maturities and maintaining financial flexibility. This credit facility helps accomplish these goals. Last night, we provided guidance and annual assumptions for 2017. Our new same-store pool will increase by a 168 stores for a new total of 732. We expect the change in the same-store pool to positively impact our revenue growth by an average of 50 basis points over the year. For 2017, our acquisition guidance includes 325 million in wholly-owned stores. We also project 225 million in joint venture acquisitions with approximately 75 million in capital to be contributed by Extra Space. This results in total investment in 2017 of $400 million, approximately half of which is currently identified. Our guidance assumes the remaining balance will be weighted to the back half of the year. So, our pricing expectations are still high and we are committed to being disciplined and only transacting at prices that are accretive for each shareholders. Our full year FFO as adjusted is estimated to be $4.15 to $4.24 per share. Our guidance includes $0.08 of dilution from our CofO stores and additional $0.08 from value-add acquisitions for a total of $0.16. Ill now turn the time back to Joe.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Scott. During 2016, there was significant focus on new supply and de-acceleration of revenue growth. The effect these issues have on same-store NOI is an appropriate topic to focus on, but not to the exclusion of FFO growth and the overall health of the industry. But, Ill make a few comments on these areas of concern. First, we are seeing new supply. This supply is generally concentrated in certain markets but there are many other markets that have minimum new supply. We benefit from our highly diversified portfolio, which reduces the volatility of cyclical markets. Much of the new supply delivered early in the development cycle has had minimal or only temporary impact on our stores due to pent up demand and not one of our MSAs experienced negative revenue growth for the year, but our hedge is not in the stand. We recognize that new supply may have greater impact as we get further into the development cycle, and we have factored that into our guidance. Also, the development cycle has presented opportunities. We are adding new purpose built assets in key markets. These stores are performing well and adding value to our portfolio. We are also managing many newly constructed assets on a third-party basis which provide fee income, strengthen our brands and increase our scale. Second, demand is steady. Traffic to our stores, website and call center remains consistent. And our ability to capture customers is greater than that of the smaller operators. We expect 2017, same-store revenue growth and NOI growth in the 4% to 5% range, which we believe will be better than nearly all the other state sectors. Third, we have other tools that contribute to our FFO growth. We acquired almost $3 billion of assets in the last two years. And our CO deals will add to our growth in the future. We will continue to acquire assets, but only if we can do so accretively, given current capital and market conditions. We will expand our third-party management platform, and we will utilize the most advantageous forms of capital to grow the Company and maintain a flexible balance sheet. This is the formula we have used to become the best returning REIT in the U.S. over the past 10 years, and we will continue to executive on this strategy in a disciplined and focused manner. Lets now turn the time over to Jeff and start our questions and answers session.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Joe. In order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyones questions, I would ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief. If time allows, we will address follow-on questions, once everyone has had the opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that, well turn it over to Kevin to start Q&A
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Our first question comes from George Hoglund with Jefferies.
George Hoglund: Whats the current level of street rates on a year-over-year basis?
Scott Stubbs: Our street rates year-to-date for January and February have been between 3% and 4%, which I would tell you is fair amount different than some of the reports that are out there, but weve seen solid street rates year-to-date.
George Hoglund: Okay. And what level of existing customer increases are you able to push through in January and February?
Scott Stubbs: We continue to push at the same rates, high single digits.
George Hoglund: Okay. And then, just can you comment on a couple of the markets that were -- had negative same-store NOI performance for the quarters, Houston, St. Louis and Sarasota?
Scott Stubbs: Its probably just a cyclical nature of the markets. Houston has seen some new supply; its also a market condition in Houston in particular. And I would also tell you that those markets are immaterial. Some of those have experienced taxes. But when Im talking, Im talking more in terms of revenue. But, all of those markets I would tell you are in immaterial in terms of our overall revenue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Smedes Rose with Citigroup.
Smedes Rose: I wanted to ask you your revenue increases that you are projecting same-store 4% to 5%, is that primarily driven by revenue increases -- rate increases and where do you see occupancy going by year-end 2017 from the [multiple speakers] that you ended this year?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. I would tell you, our occupancy assumptions for the year are that in our core pool, its essentially flat, plus or minus a small amount in the new same-store pool which includes SmartStop, it is up slightly but not a material amount. So, majority of that growth is coming from street rate growth and a small amount from occupancy from SmartStop.
Smedes Rose: Okay, thank you. And then, the other thing is just could you update us on what you are seeing of total new supply across your portfolio? And I guess, maybe specifically just as you look to the top five markets, which I think are comprised of over 50% of your NOI, maybe if you could just drill down a little bit there, so LA, New York, D.C. [ph] Boston and San Francisco?
Joe Margolis: Sure. Thank you, Smedes. So, overall, CoStars reporting about 900 stores to be delivered in 2017. Im sorry, CBRE, my mistake, and thats a good number as we can come to. Weve looked at eight of our top markets in depth and tried to aggregate as many different data sources as well as our people on the ground and brokers and our partners. And that accounts to little over 40% of our NOI. And we found 360 stores in those markets that were either newly completed, under construction or in some stage of the planning process. About half of those stores competed with our stores in that market. So, we are certainly seeing new deliveries competing with some of our stores and were seeing other markets where we dont have the same level of competition. The most difficult thing is of those 360 stores, a 135 of them are somewhere in the planning process. And we see a significant level of those stores fall out due to inability to get permits or financing or some other reason.
Operator: Our next question comes from Juan Sanabria with Bank of America.
Juan Sanabria: Just following up on that supply question from Smith, just can help us benchmark that 360? I mean, do you have a sense of what that was at this point last year? And as part of that question, any views on how supply looks at this point for 2018 relative to 2017; do you expect it to be flat, higher, lower?
Joe Margolis: Its a really good question, and it varies significantly by market. So, for example, if you look at Chicago where we would identify 41 new stores, 23 of those have already been delivered. So, you are already deeper into the cycle with more stores delivered than being planned. Dallas is maybe on the other end where we have identified 83 stores and only 39 of them have been delivered. So, it really varies widely by market. Our sense is that there will be fewer deliveries in 2018 than 2017, certainly CBRE as well, I think their number was 400, but time will tell.
Juan Sanabria: And then, just back on the same-store revenue guidance. What are the street rate growth expectations, I guess as we go through 2017; and is there a SKU and how -- in the same-store revenue growth over the course of the year, is it accelerating or decelerating as the year progresses?
Scott Stubbs: Our guidance assumes that it decelerates a little bit more. So, you are going to start the year slightly higher than we end the year. And the SmartStop will actually start a fair amount out there with coming up against tougher comps at the end of the year. So, it will show more deceleration in that particular pool of properties, but overall, slight deceleration.
Juan Sanabria: And then, any color on the street rate growth that youre kind of assuming as the year goes, particularly into peak leasing?
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you, its going to be three to five; its going to depend a little bit on strength of the market and your occupancy.
Operator: The next question comes from Gaurav Mehta with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Gaurav Mehta: So, following up on that deceleration comments on same-store revenue growth 2017, would you expect it to stabilize in second half of 2017 or would you expect it to continue to decelerate?
Scott Stubbs: We would expect it to stabilize in 2017 in second half. And again, the rate of deceleration has slowed. You are not seeing that drop, a significant amount quarter-over-quarter but we are estimating it will continue to decline slightly throughout the year.
Gaurav Mehta: Okay. And I think in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that you are seeing reacceleration from MSAs, can you talk about which MSAs those are and do you expect that to be sustainable?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. The examples I would point you to, in particular Chicago, Denver and Philadelphia, all three markets have seen reacceleration. Denver -- our same-store pool was slightly negative but in the bigger pool, it was positive and its come back from being negative.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Todd Thomas: Just following up on the revenue growth guidance, whats in the model for effective move-in rates; how are discounts and pre-rent trending and then whats in the model?
Scott Stubbs: Discounts are up slightly year-over-year, but its probably a little bit more in line with your rate growth. So, if your rates are up 3% to 5%, your discounts are automatically going to be up 3% to 5%, but they are up slightly above that and not a significant effect. So, its mainly coming from rate this year.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then, in terms of new supply, I mean, can you talk about your appetite for CofO deals and lease up properties here, maybe just give us a sense for how large the 2017, 2018 and 2019 pipelines might be for Extra Space?
Joe Margolis: Yes. Weve become -- as we get deeper into the development cycle, weve become increasingly more selective for Co deals. As I said earlier, there are some markets that if we can find deals where there is barriers to entry and no or limited new supply and were getting compensated, we would certainly look at that deal. Id think, the case of our investment in CO deals will moderate probably significantly. But we are very comfortable with the deals weve had. We have done very full due-diligence; we have underwritten conservatively; and performance to-date has prudent that out, if you look at how our stores perform. We also have a target cap of 3% on the amount of dilution. CofO stores will in aggregate contribute or detract from our performance. So, we want to keep within that cap. And then, the last thing I would point out with respect to our appetite for COs is we have executed a number of these deals in joint venture format, which both reduces the risk to us and increases our returns.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And just lastly, looking at a couple other markets and just thinking about the occupancy, year-over-year decrease that you are seeing portfolio wide, but looking at some of the other markets like Boston, LA, San Francisco, some of your top markets, occupancy is lower year-over-year and that year-over-year negative spread actually grew larger in the quarter, worsened a little bit. Are you thinking about occupancy differently than you have in the past as you think about maximizing revenue or is occupancy coming down as a result of new supply in these markets? Whats sort of happening here?
Scott Stubbs: I think its market-by-market; California had a really tough comp the prior year. I would tell you we are not necessarily thinking any differently in terms of occupancy. Its obviously important in our model to drive revenue. But, I would tell you, we lost a little bit of occupancy, but weve kept some rate. So, you know the fact that our street rates are up 3% to 4%, is a good thing. Our bottom line is to grow revenue, and occupancy is a big part of that. Its possible that going forward into the New Year, our budgets and our guidance assumes that we spend a little bit more on marketing also.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz with UBS.
Jeremy Metz: As you think about that sort of slowing towards the long-term average from here and stabilizing starting in the back half of the year. In terms of some of your markets where revenues and NOI have moved negative or even just below the larger portfolio average, have you seen anything in particular from revenue management to give you confidence in your ability to react faster and therefore recover quicker back to that long-term on average or even just stabilize that average versus moving below the long-term average which is something, I think a lot of people wonder about and worry about?
Joe Margolis: Yes. Were consistently trying to improve the inputs to our revenue management system and its ability to both react and predict market conditions and how we optimize revenue in that. So I think wed be the first to say that last year in Denver our reaction was not optimal, and weve learnt from that, and we continue to try to improve.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. So, some of what youve learnt from Denver is actually already playing out and then helping overall in terms of whats going on in the current portfolio; is that fair?
Scott Stubbs: Absolutely, yes.
Joe Margolis: I believe so. I dont want to ever say that our learning is done and we will continue to try to make the machine better and make sure that when it doesnt work, there is human input. But, yes, we are better than we were last year.
Jeremy Metz: Okay, great. And then, Scott, in terms of longer-term funding plans, you have the $400 million of investment activity in guidance, lets call it $200 million and $300 million of debt maturing. You obviously have room on the lines and capacity from the unsecured notes you issued in October that you talked about in your opening remarks. I think you saw about couple of hundred million on the ATMs. Im just wondering whats baked in the guidance in terms of further capital raises, if anything, and then just longer-term funding plans for some of that activity?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Our guidance assumes a $100 million of OP or some type of equity. Weve just included in there is OP. And then, from there, it assumes that the rest is with debt. And if you look at the growth in NOI, I would tell you our ratio has remained the same. So, were not looking to lever up, and we will look to remain -- keep our leverage ratios similar to where they are today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gwen Clark with Evercore.
Gwen Clark: Going back to rate growth, I think you said it should be up 3% to 5% for the total pool. Can you talk about what your expectation would be for the 2015 acquisitions such as SmartStop?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. They will be higher than that but you are going to grow your revenue in that portfolio from a combination of rate as well as occupancy. So, if you think of street rates, in a portfolio where you are trying to push occupancy, you will get more from occupancies than you will form street rates and youll also get more from moving your existing customers up to the current market rates. So, its going to be a little bit different in terms of mix. But, I would say, overall, thats why Im saying 3% to 5%, and thats obviously a range depending on market conditions. But SmartStop will get more through occupancy and more from existing customers than the other pool.
Gwen Clark: Okay, alright. Thats helpful. I guess moving on to a bigger picture question. One of the questions that I feel like everyone has been asking is the trajectory for NOI growth and that was touched upon earlier. But can you talk about the scenario which could actually drive overall same-store NOI growth negative in say in 2018 or 2019?
Scott Stubbs: Its tough to even fathom that. I think that from our perspective, the only time weve ever been negative was in the great recession. Its a recession that was bigger than I think most people are going to see in their lives. And we were call it, 3% negative in 2009 and then we are positive first quarter to the next year and now today is not the exact same market as that, but I would tell you I think its going to take a pretty big event for everything to be negative for the year.
Gwen Clark: Okay. So, it seems like it would be fair to say that the new supply which is probably going to hit in 2018 isnt really enough in your mind to drive it like to a hard landing of negative growth?
Joe Margolis: Its really hard to say what the level of new supply thats going to hit in 2018 and 2019 is. I would tell you that if there is continued delivery of new supply, it probably means the industry remains pretty healthy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Hughes with Raymond James.
Jonathan Hughes: Good afternoon, guys. Could you just talk about the level of demand you are seeing in January? One of your peers mentioned they had a really strong start to the year and a homebuilder this morning mentioned theyve seen a release of pent up demand for housing. I am just curious if you are seeing similar trend of increased demand so far this year?
Scott Stubbs: I cant really comment on what our peers have seen but I can say that we have seen demand to be relatively flat. Its stable.
Jonathan Hughes: So, no outsized growth in the first six weeks of the year?
Joe Margolis: Nothing significant.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay. And then, just one more from me. One of your competitors quantified the impact of new store openings on projected revenue growth at about 200 basis points to 250 basis points below the portfolio average. Does your guidance include a similar impact at stores exposed to new supply?
Scott Stubbs: Our guidance includes the impact of stores that are being added. So, I cant comment on what they are seeing, but we have taken into account where we have a new store coming on line near one of our existing stores.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Burke with Green Street Advisors.
Ryan Burke: Just a couple questions on the development pipeline. Joe, your comments earlier about slowing development, probably as we move forward, do contrast a little bit with the fact that the development pipeline increased in size pretty meaningfully this quarter. Can you reconcile those two dynamics? And then, second question is just scanning the 2018 projected opening. It does seem like there is a greater percentage of properties that are located -- and I dont want to call them in secondary markets perhaps, but maybe non-major metro areas
Scott Stubbs: Yes. I -- sorry, finish your question.
Ryan Burke: Well, just curious if the strategy there -- if it is a strategy or if it just happens to be the outcome of what was available.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. I would tell you, the jump in the pipeline comes from us putting certain properties now under contract that we are doing with the joint venture partner in a couple of areas of the country, one is in the Northwest and the other one is in the New Jersey -- kind of New York City down to Philadelphia markets. And those are our joint ventures that we have been discussing and looking at for a year to two years, and they actually just went under contract this quarter. And so, weve had the policy or the standing that we dont want to talk about them unless they are under contract. So, this was just kind of an odd quarter where many of those went under contract, even though weve been talking about those for a long time.
Ryan Burke: Okay. So, pipeline is kind of in place, but if things play out the way that you think they might in terms of operating fundamentals, et cetera, we should expect the pipeline to not grow significantly for the out years, beyond 2018?
Joe Margolis: I think thats correct. Thats my comment about increasing selectivity in future years is thats what I was trying to drive at.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wes Golladay with RBC.
Wes Golladay: Looking at the expansion projects, where are those located; and do you have much more of those planned for this year?
Scott Stubbs: So, we have a few those, one is on Long Island, we have one Chicago, one in Salt Lake City are kind of the bigger ones. And we have ongoing expansions all the time. This was an odd one; typically youd pull them out of your same-store group, but they completed quicker than we expected. And so, part of that was just timing and we felt like resident changing the same-store group in the fourth quarter, we would just leave them in and talk to it. But we always have expansions going on.
Wes Golladay: Okay. And then, trying to look at supply. I mean, how should we view it? I mean, we always talk about the nominal store count, but is there -- what do you see as a manageable supply level on a percentage of facilities; is it like a 4% to 5%? You mentioned the pent up demand. Are there any markers where there is large clusters that youre concerned about, in the other markets you are like it is not a big deal? How should we view it from the cluster point of view?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So, overall, I would tell you on a national level, I think that equal to population growth is healthy. And youve got to look at square footage versus store count because stores today are being built bigger than they were before. I think that there are certain markets we are clearly concerned about and watching closely and there is other markets where you just have not same supply come. On the West Coast, California has seen very little new supply compared to the population. Texas has seen a fair amount, Atlanta; anywhere where its easy to entitle things, youve seen supply.
Wes Golladay: And would it be fair to say, youre going to try and expand more in the supply constrained markets, is that where you guys will target those?
Scott Stubbs: Absolutely.
Wes Golladay: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: I mean, from our perspective, you are always going to look for low saturation -- population per square foot -- square foot per population.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Our next question comes from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo.
Todd Stender: Hi, thanks. And Scott, I think you gave some color on SmartStop, but I just wanted to see -- or if youve talked about how its performing relative to plan? And just as a reminder, when does that begin to show up in the same-store pool?
Scott Stubbs: So, it goes in January 1 of 2017, its in there, and thats whats causing the outsized growth. And compared to plan is -- it is performing a fair amount ahead of our underwriting.
Todd Stender: Is that on the occupancy? I think you guys were bifurcating it at one point, maybe in a presentation.
Scott Stubbs: In a presentation, weve bifurcated it; going forward, it goes into our same-store pool this year, so 2017. And like I said, it continues to outperform our underwriting.
Todd Stender: Okay, thank you. And just get an update maybe on paid search costs as much detail as you can on how much youre budgeting for Google search this year and maybe any changes in strategy as you head into the spring leasing season?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Our budgets assume a 6% increase in marketing, which last year we were actually down slightly. So, its a tough comp its up against. But costs, we continue to try to be more effective and more efficient, but reality is as more people are bidding, so costs are going up. So, we need to try to keep the cost for acquisition down.
Todd Stender: Is that a reflection of the Google, their rates are up and maybe utilization is down, what -- how do you look at that?
Scott Stubbs: So, Google rates going up are just there is more people betting, which drives the rates up. Utilization, people use paid search consistently. So, weve found its a good way to drive traffic. We will continue to spend money on paid search.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley.
Vikram Malhotra: So, I wanted to just get a sense of, as new supply is coming on line in the markets where you are seeing new supply, what are competitors doing in terms of maybe discounts or offering; how are they driving tenants into their properties versus your existing properties or even peers properties?
Scott Stubbs: I can tell you how we react and I would tell you that that depends on a little bit of the velocity. So, if the store comes in, and for instance, if we open a store in Venice, California, the store filed up in six months, I would tell you a store that competes with that store, shouldnt have done anything; they should have just weathered the storm. So, typically when we open a new store, a CO store, well open it with rates 10% to 20% below market and well discount every single rental. So, it really depends on velocity and lease-up velocity when you make a decision on what you are going to do with the store.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay. That makes sense. And then, just your comment on supply having sort of minimal impact, I guess so far. What -- either tactically or from the revenue management system, what factors could drive street rate growth, materially lower from here and vice versa, could you see reacceleration, post-2017?
Scott Stubbs: So, street rate changes, I would tell you are just one of the factors in the model. If you want to drive occupancy, the way you drive occupancy is your lower rates, you increase paid search spend, and you increase discounts. So, its just one of the levers. So, its going to depend obviously on your occupancy and your revenue growth; its just one of the factors in that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Malkin with RBC Capital Markets.
Neil Malkin: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. First, what is the premium to move-outs above move-ins in the fourth quarter, and then, what are you seeing in January?
Scott Stubbs: So, if you look at our -- when we talk about premium on move-outs, we dont talk about the rent roll down; what were talking about is our average in-place rents compared to our average street rate. And I would tell you that on average for the year, its mid to high single digits, depending on the time of the year. So, in another words, when were raising rates in the summer that roll down or that negative mark is lower. But everybody does not move out in equal -- what Im saying is you have more churn. Our medium length of stay is 6 to 7 months but our average length of stay is 14 months. So, you have a group of units that are constantly churning to have a very short length of stay. So, many of those customers never received a rate increase or received one rate increase, and some of those moved in below street rates. So, when they move out, its actually very little impact and also you have a large number of those that churn all the time. So, our negative mark-to-market is different than our in-place rents compared to our street rates.
Neil Malkin: Okay. And then, do you have a sense at all what your portfolio gain to lease is, so just kind of putting into terms the in-place versus market? Would you say its mid single digit or?
Scott Stubbs: I am not sure I understand the question, Neil.
Neil Malkin: So, if everyone were to move out and replace with marketing your portfolio, what would the roll down look like?
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you its -- where our average leases are fairly close to market, and its property-by-property.
Neil Malkin: Okay. And then, last one from me. Go ahead, sorry.
Joe Margolis: No. Go ahead.
Neil Malkin: You guys have commented for probably about 24 months now that the pace of lease-up on development in your CofO deals are well ahead of long-term trends. Are you seeing that abate at all or is lease-up still very -- the pace is pretty aggressive, I mean just given the supply -- new supply coming on, are you seeing those timelines elongate?
Joe Margolis: Yes. Thats a good question. So, the earliest CofOs we delivered, we stopped within a year, most of them, just way ahead of historical margin underwriting. The more recent deals are leasing up between 1 and 2 years, on average. So, certainly, the pace of lease-up has slowed down, but weve underwritten all of these deals at 36 to 42 months. So, they are not leasing up as fast as they were but they are still leasing up generally ahead of projections.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gwen Clark with Evercore.
Gwen Clark: Sorry. I just have two hopefully quick follow-ups. On G&A, can you remind us on how much I guess it costs when you put a managed asset into the pool?
Scott Stubbs: So, we actually have not just put that out in the public; its something well consider looking at. But, we put a management fee into our properties that is what we consider a cost to manage when we underwrite.
Gwen Clark: Okay. Thats helpful. And then just next, can you just walk us through the performance of the New York City boroughs?
Joe Margolis: Sure. So, the five boroughs as opposed to our New York MSA which includes northern New Jersey and Long Island at revenue growth in the fourth quarter under 2% and for the year under 5%, about 4.7%.
Operator: And Im not showing any further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to our host.
Jeff Norman: Thank you everybody for joining our call. We appreciate your questions and look forward to speak next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norman - Senior Director, Investor Relations Spencer Kirk - Chief Executive Officer Joe Margolis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer Scott Stubbs - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: R.J. Milligan - Baird Juan Sanabria - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Jeremy Metz - UBS Wes Golladay - RBC Smedes Rose - Citigroup George Hoglund - Jefferies Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley Gaurav Mehta - Cantor Fitzgerald Gwen Clark - Evercore ISI Ryan Burke - Green Street Advisors Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Neil Malkin - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Extra Space Storage Inc. Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays program, Jeff Norman, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Extra Space Storage.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Jonathan. Welcome to Extra Space Storages third quarter 2016 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and the answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Thursday, October 27, 2016. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer Kirk: Hello, everyone. As many of you know, last month, I announced that I will be retiring at the end of the year and that I will be succeeded by our Chief Investment Officer, Joe Margolis. I have had the opportunity to work with Joe for more than 18 years. He was instrumental in structuring our first JV with Prudential in 1998. He served on our Board of Directors for more than a decade and he has excelled in his role as our Chief Investment Officer. He has the right balance of real estate expertise and leadership skills to lead Extra Space in its continued growth and success. So at this time, I would like to turn the time over to Joe.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Spencer. Good afternoon, everybody. It has been great to meet with many of you face-to-face since we announced Spencers retirement, and I look forward to getting to know you better through future interactions. It was another strong quarter for Extra Space. FFO per share as adjusted grew 26% year-over-year. This growth was the result of more than solid operating performance. It was also fueled by accretive acquisitions, joint ventures, third-party management and an optimized balance sheet. We are focused on using all of these levers to continue to grow shareholder value. Operationally, we continued to push rates to new and existing customers in the quarter and experienced average street rate growth of approximately 7%, similar to 2015. This growth was partially offset by an increase in bad debt and discounts, which resulted in same-store revenue growth of 6.1%. Discounts, while still very low from our historical measure, are up from an all-time low in 2015. Expenses increased only 1.4%, which led to NOI growth of 7.8%. Quarter end occupancy was strong at 93%. Year-to-date, we have acquired $825 million in wholly-owned stores. With very few exceptions, these acquisitions were not broadly marketed but came from our JV, managed and other relationships. The largest of the off-market transactions closed on September 16 when we purchased Prudentials majority interest in 23 stores for $238 million. Concurrently, we sold our minority interest to Prudential and the remaining 42 stores in the joint venture for $35 million. We will continue to manage these stores. In addition, we are under agreement with the JV partner to purchase its majority interest in 11 stores for approximately $153 million. We plan to close this transaction in the fourth quarter, which will result in wholly-owned acquisitions of $1 billion in 2016. We also expect to close $255 million in CofO acquisitions in 2016. $90 million of these will be wholly owned and the remainder will be in joint ventures with our investment in these ventures totaling $53 million. Our JV strategy and our CofO program are working and are creating value year in and year out. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe. Last night, we reported FFO as adjusted of $1.02 per share exceeding the high end of our guidance by $0.02. Including cost associated with acquisitions and non-cash interest expense, FFO was $1 per share for the quarter. The beat was primarily the result of stronger than anticipated performance from our 2015 acquisitions, specifically SmartStop. We also benefited from the collection of $1 million in business interruption insurance proceeds. As Joe mentioned, our same-store revenue growth was driven by higher rates to new and existing customers. This is consistent with our guidance, which assumed no benefit from occupancy and a headwind from discounts in the second half of 2016. We continue to have solid revenue and NOI growth throughout our diversified portfolio. Our top performing markets in the quarter included Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Sacramento, San Diego and Tampa St. Pete with revenue growth in the high single-digits. The slowest markets were Boston, Chicago, Denver, Houston and Memphis. With the exception of Denver, which represents about 1% of our revenue, all of our markets showed positive revenue growth year-over-year. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we completed a $1.15 billion unsecured credit facility. The facility consists of a $500 million revolving line of credit; a 5-year, $430 million term loan; and a 7-year, $220 million term loan. The credit facility has an accordion feature that allows us to increase total capacity to $1.5 billion. At closing, we drew $300 million on the 5-year tranche and paid off and terminated 3 of our 4 bilateral revolving lines of credit. The 5-year and 7-year tranches have delayed draw features. We will access the remaining available term balances as needed to finance future acquisitions and to pay off debt. This unsecured facility further diversifies our capital structure and reduces our average interest rate. Our goal is to have access to multiple types of capital to [indiscernible] and to maintain financial stability. This credit facility helps accomplish all of these goals. Due to the outperformance of our 2015 acquisitions, we are increasing our annual FFO guidance. FFO as adjusted is now estimated to be $3.78 to $3.80 per share. FFO is now estimated to be $3.63 to $3.65 per share. This guidance includes $0.05 of dilution from our 2015 and 2016 CofO stores. It also includes acquisitions that, as anticipated, will require time to be brought up to our performance standards. As these properties move towards our portfolio average, we expect outsized NOI growth. I will now turn the time back to Spencer.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Scott. This is my final earnings call as the CEO of Extra Space. I have enjoyed working with each of you and I am grateful for the relationships and friendships that have been developed over the years. Going forward, I will continue to be actively involved as a member of the board and I will remain the companys largest individual shareholder. My interests are perfectly aligned with those of our shareholders. Thinking back 7.5 years ago when I took over as CEO, it wasnt about my predecessor Ken Woolley, and today, it isnt about Spence Kirk. Its always been about our constant and capable executive team, which has an average tenure of 14 years. I am 100% comfortable that Joe Margolis is the right person at the right time to lead this very strong team. Our unique structure and our ability to execute a clear business strategy has allowed us to be among the fastest growing REITs in the nation. None of that changes with this transition. Over the last 5 years, we have profitably acquired over $5 billion of real estate. These acquisitions alone would constitute one of the largest storage companies in the nation. When you combine that kind of external growth with the industrys best operating platform, which just delivered its 24th consecutive quarter of double-digit FFO growth, Extra Space is well positioned to continue to deliver outsized growth for years to come. With that, lets turn it over to Jeff to start the Q&A.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Spencer. In order ensure we have adequate time to address everyones questions, I would ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief. If time allows, we will address follow-on questions once everyone has had an opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that, we will turn it over to Jonathan to start our Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of R.J. Milligan from Baird, your question please.
R.J. Milligan: Yes. Good afternoon guys. First off, congratulations, Spencer. Its been great working with you. So congratulations on your retirement.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you.
R.J. Milligan: Scott, I had a question in terms of the acquisition and sort of plans for long-term funding, obviously a lot more acquisitions this quarter and for the year more than planned, but given where the stock price is trading, curious what your plans are for funding those acquisitions and if you would be comfortable raising equity at the current price?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. First of all, I would tell you we dont look at our current stock price anytime we make an acquisition decision. Its not made with a short-term cost of capital in mind. We always look at the long-term costs. So we have always tried to have many sources of capital. And right now, I would tell you that we still do. Debt is an option. We just closed this facility that gives us a fair amount of capacity. The preferred market is still a very good. And our stock price, we dont like it as much today as we have in the past. But I think that we have always looked to access the cheapest cost of capital, which could also include joint ventures or even proceeds from the sales of properties.
R.J. Milligan: So would you be willing to increase debt levels for the short-term until you maybe have a better stock price?
Scott Stubbs: Marginally, yes, we would.
R.J. Milligan: Okay. I will get back in the queue. Thanks guys.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: All the best, R.J. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch, your question please.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good afternoon guys. I was just hoping you could talk a little bit about the state of demand, if I look at Page 20 of your supplemental, it looks like rentable square feet on a same-store basis declined year-over-year for the three months and for the nine months and you kind of talked about concessions going up, so just curious about the health of demand and kind of what you are having to offer to get people to sign the leases?
Spencer Kirk: Yes. I am assuming you are looking at the rentals and vacates in our supplementals.
Juan Sanabria: Correct.
Spencer Kirk: First thing I would do is we always tell people to be careful looking at rentals and vacates. It depends a little bit on what happened last year. We focus more on occupancy and revenue growth. I would tell you demand is so solid. We are very near our record high occupancy for this time of year. Last year was our best year ever. So while we are slightly below last year, its still very solid. We are still seeing rate growth in our street rates. For the quarter, we grew 6% to 7%. And we continue to push those here into the fourth quarter.
R.J. Milligan: Any color on concessions to get people in and then what  how thats changed as a percentage of revenue or absolute dollar terms?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So our discounts are up slightly from where they were. Last year was the kind of bottom, where you  as a percentage of revenues, if you take discounts divided by revenues, you are around 3%. Current year, they have ticked up slightly from there. But they are going to tick up for a couple of things. One is the fact that our rates are up. And then the second thing that affects discounts, obviously, is how many rentals you are doing in that month. With rentals being down slightly, that helps. With rates being up, that hurts. And in addition we are offering slightly more discounts right now to try to compensate a little bit for our drop in occupancy. We ended a quarter about 40 basis points below where we were last year. We would like to pick up a little bit of that going into the slow season here.
R.J. Milligan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Metz from UBS, your question please.
Jeremy Metz: Hi guys. Just two quick ones, in terms of the joint venture acquisitions, can you talk about what prompted these, was this driven by your partners coming to you and saying they wanted to sell and any insight into why now. And then did you ever row flow on those?
Spencer Kirk: So I will answer the second piece. We have a row flow in all of our joint ventures, but that was not the triggering factor here. We have done five transactions with four different joint ventures, all managed by Prudential. Each venture is run by a different portfolio manager, has a different strategy and the catalyst for the transaction in each case was different. In some case, we had an unsolicited offer for a property that we didnt want to sell. That started the discussion. In another case, the portfolio manager wanted to change up his geographical diversification and wanted to sell a bunch of properties, primarily in California. From our standpoint though, the similarity in each venture was that we had embedded promote in the venture that we could not get to without a capital transaction. So we restructured  earlier this year, we restructured two of the accounts without a capital transaction and realized over $40 million in promote. And then in the purchases we have done from the two single client accounts, the sales proceeds to the venture would be sufficient to satisfy the accrued preferred return, pay down some capital and put us in a position going forward where we will be cash flow promoted in the ventures.
Jeremy Metz: I appreciate that color. And then I just had one  second one on supply, just any changes in the supply picture in terms of expected starts out there, any new markets where you are seeing it start to get more heated than maybe you initially thought?
Spencer Kirk: I think the picture looks pretty much the same to us. We see increasing supply from a period where there was very little supply. The markets that we see supply are the markets that have limited barriers to entry, primarily. Many markets in California and others dont  we dont see that supply. Maybe a new market we are starting to focus on will be Austin, Texas. But overall, supply  we are in a development cycle. We are seeing increased supply. We are seeing in some instances, it affects our operations. In some instances, it doesnt, but it doesnt  we, on a portfolio level, we still perceive it to be at a manageable, moderate level.
Scott Stubbs: Jeremy, I would maybe add one thing to that and that is currently as these properties open, there is demand. If you look in our supplementals and look at the occupancy of our CofO deals, these properties are leasing up extremely quickly. So obviously there is some type of pent-up demand.
Spencer Kirk: By the way Jeremy, its Spencer. One of the things you need to know is just because a macro market might have a lot of supply, it doesnt necessarily mean that its going to impact certain individual sites. A lot of noise has been made about South Florida and Miami. Well, this past quarter, our revenues were up 6.8% and NOI was up 7.3%. So there can be new supply in Miami, but apparently today its not having any impact thats discernible on our property level performance, because those sites arent within a three mile or four mile or five mile radius of our current operations. So it all depends as you look at across the country, the impact of supply.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Jeremy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Wes Golladay from RBC, your question please.
Wes Golladay: Hi guys. It looks like street rates are still pretty healthy, renewal rates are pretty good, concessions are slightly higher and occupancy is just the tad lower than you would expect, but we are seeing about 150 basis points sequential decline in revenue growth likely three quarters in a row potentially to get to a low end of the guidance, what is going on, is it just you guys are above market and you are just resetting back to a more normal level, is that the driver or is that the concessions, what is driving the 150 bps a quarter?
Spencer Kirk: Yes. So year-to-date, we have had 150 bps per quarter. So Q1 to Q2, Q2 to Q3, its been 150 bps per quarter, thats coming off of all-time highs, record NOI growth. I would tell you, the rate of decline has slowed from the second going into the third quarter. So it was fairly steep and then later in the third quarter, it is absolutely slow.
Wes Golladay: Okay. So would it be potentially you guys are just above market for even though new lease growth or effective rent was growing or street rate was growing call it 5%, you guys might have been above and as your portfolio starts to reset back to where the market is, the pace of decline will start to moderate and maybe start to reaccelerate again, is that how should we should look at it?
Spencer Kirk: I would tell you its tough by market, because every market is a little bit different. Some markets, it truly is new supply. Other markets, its that we have grown 15% for 2 years in a row. We wouldnt expect to grow 15% again next year. So, Denver is a combination of supply plus Denver in 2014 grew double-digits, 2015, double-digits, 2016, its now  in this quarter went slightly negative. So, it varies by market, but overall, you are coming off of record highs. Its just the timing of when you are coming off of those.
Wes Golladay: Okay. And then as I recall you guys do have some governors that you want to be too far above market. It sounds like you guys might have been somewhere where the governors were at and then you had the new supply and thats where we are seeing such a drastic decline in Denver and that will probably be the most extreme example. Is that a fair assessment?
Spencer Kirk: I think thats probably fair. The one thing we do have like you mentioned is the governors. So what governs that is street rates. So, as street rates are increasing, you do have the ability to increase existing customers also. But if street rates arent moving then your existing customers wont be getting rate increases at some point also.
Wes Golladay: Okay. And then lastly just on the  there is a lot of new supply and we already talked about how it will affect your current operations, but would you see as far as the managed business or maybe your CofO business, I guess, how much share of the new development can you take in your market, either developers wanting to affiliate with Extra Space. I see some developments in Charlotte that will be managed by you. I just wondered how much an opportunity it is for you?
Spencer Kirk: Well, thank you very much for asking that question, because we always talk about development as a risk to our business. Well, development also provides an opportunity for us. And if you look at our supplements and see how our CofO assets are leasing up, you can get an idea of what good investments those are going to be and the value those are going to add to our shareholders. And also on the managed side, as you point out, the vast, vast majority of our incoming  our pipeline of managed stores are new developments. So, we will be able to grow that platform. We are growing it this year even though we had some sales out of the management plus platform and be able to continue to grow that business both as a revenue generator, a source of additional data and a pipeline for future acquisitions.
Wes Golladay: Okay, thanks a lot. Congrats Spencer and congrats Joe.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, Wes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose from Citigroup. Your question please.
Smedes Rose: Hi, how are you? I wanted to just ask if you are seeing any changes in seller expectations despite very healthy fundamental still the pace obviously has declined. And I was wondering if you have changed your underwriting at all given a little bit the slowdown of the industry or are you seeing any kind of change in private market cap rates?
Spencer Kirk: Well, sellers always have unrealistic expectations and I think they still have unrealistic expectations. But to the point of your question, we feel that the cap rate compression has stopped and that things are still trading at very healthy prices, but perhaps there is fewer bidders and there is not as much pressure on pricing. We I think through this period, we have done a good job of being realistic and disciplined in our underwriting and because of that, we have not been successful with widely marketed deals. Only about 12% of the deals we have accrued this year in our real estate community were from a broker. Everything else came through some type of relationship or off-market transaction. So, we have not changed our underwriting. We continue to try to be disciplined. And I think we are going to continue to be largely unsuccessful in the bid auction market until there is a significant change.
Smedes Rose: Okay. And just switching to CofO deals for a second, have you seen any sort of change in the frequency of folks approaching you of these kinds of deals say versus 6 months ago?
Spencer Kirk: I wouldnt  I think we have always had a very strong pipeline of CofO deals and we see  storage is still very, very healthy business and folks who have not been in storage before want to get into storage and want to be developers and approach us in a pretty consistent basis. So, I think the pipeline is still strong and we are very selective both in terms of who we want the developers to be and which projects we want to commit to in terms of what else is being developed in that area.
Smedes Rose: Okay, thanks. Thats helpful. And Spencer, I wanted to add on my best wishes to you as well going forward. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you very much, Smedes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Hoglund from Jefferies. Your question please.
George Hoglund: Yes. First off, Spencer, just enjoy your retirement. Its been a pleasure working with you.
Spencer Kirk: Likewise, George, thank you.
George Hoglund: And I guess my two questions have two specific markets. I guess one in New York if you can just comment a bit on the performance on the sequential slowdown in revenue growth? And then also in Denver sort of what drove that large increase in same-store expenses, up 25%?
Scott Stubbs: I will take the Denver one first and then maybe, Joe, you want to take the New York? The Denver one is actually a property tax increase in expenses and its not that the tax of this year went up. Its a comp from last year where we won an appeal last year and so you had expenses go down, because we got effectively a lower rate or cash back. So, its really more of a year-over-year comparison on the expense side than a big increase in expenses.
Joe Margolis: The New York is a little bit of a mystery to us. Its a good market. There is some development coming online. The saturation is extremely low. Perhaps, its a market where valet is making a little bit of an inroad, but we have a hard time understanding and predicting the New York market right now.
George Hoglund: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Joe Margolis: Thanks, George.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas from KeyBanc Capital. Your question please.
Todd Thomas: Yes, hi, good afternoon, Spencer, best of luck in retirement. Good luck. Just first question, Joe or Scott maybe just following up on the discounting, can you just talk a little bit more about the discounting in the quarter, maybe quantify what percent of customers receive discounts in the quarter, how that compared year-over-year?
Spencer Kirk: Yes. So, year-over-year, current year about 58% of our new customers received a discount compared to last year it was 47% of our new customers. Now that can be a little misleading sometimes because its going to depend on which discount they receive. So even though fewer customers last year received a discount, its possible you could have given more discounts if you gave a larger discount, but that is  we are still  majority of our customers coming in the door are getting the discount as they come in.
Todd Thomas: Okay. So, how should we think about that discounting in the context of the 7% higher asking rents that were mentioned year-over-year? I mean, what does that mean for move in rates in the quarter on a year-over-year basis?
Spencer Kirk: So discounts, assuming all things were equal, 7% increase in asking rates would be a 7% increase in discounts. I would tell you, they are slightly higher than that, because we have increased the percentage of customers getting the discount. And then we have also  depending on the market, depending on occupancy, we will continue to change discounts offered, the specific discount offered. But its not significantly higher, but it is higher and it is affecting your net rental income.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then just maybe for Joe, just like a bigger picture question here. Just sticking with revenue growth and the deceleration that we are seeing today realizing we are coming off record highs, are there any signs of stabilization today whether it is discounting or something else though that you might be able to point to or do you think that this deceleration on a broader portfolio level could continue over the next several quarters?
Joe Margolis: Our view is that deceleration is going to moderate and flatten out and we are going to revert to more normal rates of growth, self storage normal, which historically has been higher than other property types, so we are already feeling that and thats what we expect.
Todd Thomas: Okay. So, it seems like your comments suggest then that you think that you would just sort of moderate and sort of stair step down to a level that stabilizes in the coming quarters then?
Joe Margolis: Correct.
Todd Thomas: Okay, thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Todd.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust, your question please.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. And Spencer, it was great working with you and best of luck.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you.
Ki Bin Kim: Youre welcome. So maybe we can just start off with maybe you could provide some October stats on street rate growth and promotions?
Spencer Kirk: Yes. Our street rate growth for October is slightly lower than where it was in the third quarter. So you are mid-5s  in street rate growth mid to upper-5s depending on kind of the time. Discounts are pretty similar to what they were in the third quarter, up slightly. But  the reason we are adjusting discounts and pricing is obviously to try to recoup some of the occupancy that we were down.
Ki Bin Kim: Right. So if I look at your guidance, adjusted guidance and what it implies for the fourth quarter, we are roughly looking at a low 5%, same-store revenue growth rate, whats interesting about that is that probably, that your rent per occupied square foot growth rate for the first time is going to surpass same-store revenue growth rate, at least just trending that way, so it feels like there may be some levers, whether thats promotions like we talk about or existing customer rate increases having a lower benefit to those same-store revenue numbers or just decrease in street, but it feels like there are some other levers that are giving way, so I was wondering if you had any thoughts on that?
Spencer Kirk: Yes. I would tell you in terms of the levers, the majority of our growth the end of last year and all of this year has been street rate growth. Existing customer rate increases dont add a lot, but it is almost entirely rate growth. That has been offset slightly by discounts and bad debt has increased dominantly also.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And I guess on the same line of questioning, I know we tend to focus lot on the supply issues, but maybe something on the demand side, because it feels like even your good markets are not just L.A., but overall some of the great markets are becoming just very good and just kind of toning down a notch, is there something that you can point to on the demand side, are customers shopping price more often o is there just less traffic or are there some things that you are seeing out there that is pointing towards just a little bit weaker demand than what we are used to?
Joe Margolis: I think what we are seeing is just the cyclicality of markets. If you  we did a study, we looked at almost 90 markets over a 10-year period. And one thing you see is that markets are strong and then markets are less strong. And they are not correlated and they move in all different directions. Our number one market for 10-year NOI growth is Chicago, which is now one of our weaker markets. So we fully expect to see markets like Sacramento be very strong for few years and then perhaps be not as strong. One of our markets now that we reported is a weaker market is Boston. Boston is not a market thats been impacted by a lot of supply, but its just  its kind of in that cyclical pattern that we see. So we are very happy to have designed a portfolio that is highly, highly diversified across many, many markets that will smooth out ups and downs of individual markets.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you, Ki Bim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra from Morgan Stanley, your question please.
Vikram Malhotra: Thank you. Congrats Spencer on retirement and congrats Joe on the new role. Two quick questions, just on the comments about steady state, can you give us some context, if I look at the last 10 years self-storage same-store NOI is probably in the 4% to 5% same-store NOI range and I am just going to understand that when you say steady-state, given sort of all the changes in technology, etcetera, is that somewhere in between the long-term average and todays numbers, is it  can you just give us some sense of what steady state means?
Spencer Kirk: I would tell you, we are reverting back to that historical average of 4% to 5%. And I think as a company thats obviously our belief, you are going to have times thats above that, They are not going to be way above. And there is times you are going to be below that and they are not going to be way below. Its the beauty of self-storage that it is a fairly stable property type.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay. And then just on supply and talking to some private operators, it seems like in markets where there was this up-tick in supply, given their performance  subsequent performance, it seems like some projects are getting either pushed out or delayed and its also just taking longer to get new projects started, just given capacity issues in terms of contractors, I am just wondering if you have seen that in any market?
Joe Margolis: Yes. We see that across all markets, that a fairly sizable percentage of planned projects do not get built because of local opposition, increasing construction costs, difficulty getting financing, land costs, whatever it is. But that being said, there are projects being added to the funnel and a good portion of them get  dont make it to the funnel, but there are still more projects getting added to the funnel. So I think the factors you talked about, it will slow and moderate the development cycle, but not stop it.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay, great. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Vikram.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gaurav Mehta from Cantor Fitzgerald, your question please.
Gaurav Mehta: Yes. Thanks. A couple of quick ones, number one, for your existing customers, have you seen any pushback from your tenants on rent increases and can you comment on percentage of move-out for rent increases in your portfolio?
Joe Margolis: So we have not seen any changes, if thats the question. We still have a very small percentage of customers who will actually go get their boxes and move out when they get a rate increase. We continued to  every time we sent out a rent increase, keep a control group and measure the control groups move-out rate against the folks who got the rate increase. I think about 1% of the people move-out. So there has been no change in that. Its something we continue to monitor and it proves to us that the rate increase program continues to be valuable.
Gaurav Mehta: Okay. And the second, you talked about discounts  higher discounts in the quarter, were there any markets where you had to use more discounts than other?
Spencer Kirk: Any market thats shown softness in terms of occupancy or rate, we will typically increase the discounts. As we look at the leverage we have to pool, you are going to look first to increase your spend on the web. The last thing that you want to do is decrease your rate. So in terms of magnitude, you will difficultly increase your spend on the web. You will increase your discounts or you will change your rate and you typically want to do them in that order, because of the costs, long-term costs or benefit.
Gaurav Mehta: Okay, thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Gaurav.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gwen Clark from Evercore ISI, your question please.
Gwen Clark: Hi, can you give us an update on how you are thinking about valet storage the threat to the industry and then also some color on sites like SpareFoot?
Spencer Kirk: Yes. We have done quite a bit in terms of research on the valet storage, and we dont see it as an imminent threat. We understand it a lot. We have done deliveries with companies. We have done click-throughs to see if they choose them over us. And right now, based on the way its priced, we do not see it as a major threat. The only thing we have is the ability to get into that business fairly quickly. We have the real estate. We have the customer list, so not a huge threat at this time.
Gwen Clark: Okay, thats helpful. And then on a different note, it looks like Denver was one of the first markets to go negative can you give us an update on how to think about what markets could be next and what would be driving that?
Joe Margolis: Its tough to predict the future. If you look at a market that has had 15% growth 2 years in a row and had a lot of new supply, I think that its probable that, that market is not going to be great next year and you might again
Gwen Clark: Understood. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Gwen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Burke from Green Street Advisors, your question please.
Ryan Burke: Thank you. Scott, I appreciate the comment in regards to not focusing necessarily on what your share price is today in terms of driving your external growth strategy, but what is that the team looks for that would  or that will eventually tell you that its time to slow  slow growth from that perspective?
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you when things are not accretive anymore. So in other words, what you are paying for a property is greater than your cost of capital. So we are very careful in terms of assessing our cost of equity as well as assessing our cost of debt. And trying to look at that long-term and having realistic growth assumptions. But I think thats what can cause you bigger problems, pricing stays extremely low.
Ryan Burke: Okay. And you have obviously seen great success on producing this double-digit FFO growth over many consecutive quarters now, do you consider that a hard target internally as you are looking at acquisitions or is that more just an outcome of what you  what the strategy that you have employed and you are okay with not producing double-digit FFO growth at a certain point in time?
Spencer Kirk: No, we are not okay with not producing  thats too many negatives, sorry. Our goal  we are very focused on producing double-digit FFO growth, both through acquisitions and all the other levers we have to pull that are  to do that whether thats as we talked about restructuring our ventures, our management plus platform. We will add over 9,000 units this year through expansions or combats where we have turned 10 by 10 to 5 by 5. So we are very focused on that goal.
Ryan Burke: Okay, thanks. And just wanted to make sure that we sort of round out quantifying the rent growth trends for the quarter, I think what we heard is sort of 6% to 7-ish percent both street rate growth and move-in rate growth, are the increases to your existing customers, have they changed at all?
Spencer Kirk: No, they are still high single-digits.
Ryan Burke: High single. Okay. And then are you able to quantify what the roll-down is for move-out to move-in for the quarter?
Spencer Kirk: Yes. It depends on what we are doing with street rates, but they are typically low to mid single-digits and they can get as bad as high single-digits, right now you are more in low to mid with the fact that you have been pushing your street rates.
Ryan Burke: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Todd Stender from Wells Fargo, your question please.
Todd Stender: Thanks guys. I just want to get a sense of how you are evaluating your cost of capital and how you are deploying capital at this point in the cycle, can you talk about the three buckets that you invested in, the JV assets, that sounds like they are pretty mature, I think you acquired three properties outside of that in the quarter and then your CofO deals, is there a way to quantify your return expectations side by side with those three?
Scott Stubbs: Well, the question is on one tie [ph]. I think I would tell you we are very focused on the long-term cost of capital. Thats going to take into consideration debt as well as equity and its going to be the mix of debt and equity. In terms of returns, we are typically a cap rate buyer. We also consider your replacement costs, we also look at IRRs and we also look at cash on cash yields, because we are long-term holder. I think cash on cash is probably the most relevant one that we focused on rather than just looking at the cap rate today or stabilized cap rate, whats the return because that equalizes  if you look at a 7-year cash-on-cash return on a CofO deal, you now can compare that to how is that cash on cash doing acquisition. So I would tell you we are focused on long-term cost of capital, we are focused on cap rates and cash on and cash yield.
Joe Margolis: Yes. The other thing to add is, if you look at those three types of acquisitions, they all serve a different purpose, right. The assets we buy from a joint venture partner that we have managed, we have already maximized performance. There is less upside in those assets. But there is also less risk. We know the inside and out. We know exactly what the performance is, there is already branded. So those are kind of our safest, lowest returning assets. The CofO deals, where we are taking full lease up risk, construction risk and we have the period of dilution that Scott mentioned, those are higher returning type deals in return for taking that lease-up risk. And then the deals we buy on market, they span the globe. There is deals  our first year cap rate on acquired deals range from 2.7% to 8%. So that just tells you how much juice there is or lease up or value is out there as in those deals. So, those could be anywhere along the spectrum.
Todd Stender: So what are you guys expecting? Whats the cash on cash return for the Pru assets, because it sounds like we are going to see some more JV assets being pulled into Q4? Whats the kind of return expectations there?
Spencer Kirk: So, the deal we just announced with [indiscernible], where we dissolved that joint venture and purchased 23 assets, the forward 12 cap rate on that was a 5.8. So that gives you a sense of that.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Its tough to give you the cash on cash yields, because they vary so much depending on lease up, CofO versus bps. I would tell you JV is more like buying the safe annuity and some of the others are more swinging for the fences, much higher returns.
Todd Stender: Great. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Your question please.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Just a follow-up on Todds question, just curious what your typical return is for the CofO deals that you are looking at today that are in the pipeline?
Joe Margolis: So, we try to target  we target 200 basis points over what we believe a stabilized asset  we would buy stabilized asset for in that market. So, we are looking at stabilized cap rates of the 31 CofOs we have approved this year between 6.5 and 10 and that will give you a 7-year cash on cash between high 5s to 8, all un-levered.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. And then could you give us just a snapshot it sounded like SmartShop was a big driver of kind of outsized non-same-store growth of where that portfolio stands today?
Spencer Kirk: Yes. So, SmartStop compared to our underwriting assumptions all year has been outperforming in terms of revenue growth. It continued to outperform in revenue growth. Our problem has been on the expense side, where we have been spending higher than our original projections. In the quarter, the expenses continued to be  well, didnt continue, they actually came in right on budget and our revenues continued to be  continued higher. We actually were about $1.1 million ahead for the quarter for SmartStop alone in NOI.
Juan Sanabria: Whats the occupancy there?
Spencer Kirk: You are just over 90%.
Juan Sanabria: And just one last question, I think it was Joe, correct me if am wrong may have said that on demand valet could have been a driver of maybe some acceleration in New York. Do you guys have any sense of market share in New York or other large metros for the on-demand or valet?
Joe Margolis: We really dont. Talking to some folks who have large exposure in Manhattan in particular, they had a hypothesis that there maybe  that business maybe gaining some traction there, but its really just a guess at this point.
Juan Sanabria: And any other markets that kind of mimic Manhattan like San Francisco?
Joe Margolis: We havent heard that yet.
Juan Sanabria: Okay, thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Juan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Neil Malkin from RBC Capital Markets. Your question please.
Neil Malkin: Hey, guys. And Spencer just wanted to say congrats and it was good working with you. I know everyone else has said that, but wanted to get that in myself.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you, Neil. I appreciate it.
Neil Malkin: Sure. And then my question  two questions. One, how many people in the quarter were eligible in your total renter population to receive a renewal?
Spencer Kirk: In terms of how many people are eligible, its tough to.
Neil Malkin: Percentage wise is fine.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, percentage wise, we give about  was one-twelfth basically, because we are raising rents every month, but we give about 80,000 rental increases every single month.
Neil Malkin: Okay. I just wondered because you do the 5 and 9, so do you think if people are there for
Spencer Kirk: Yes, some people dont stay the full year though, so some people yet get that and get both and other people dont get that. They just get the first. And some people dont get it.
Neil Malkin: Sorry, so it winds up working to about roughly like saying someone gets one per year because of the churn and people leaving, etcetera?
Spencer Kirk: About 10% of our customers actually get them every single month is where it turns out to be. So its slightly higher than one-twelve
Neil Malkin: Right, okay. And then my last question is on expenses for next year, obviously I know you guys arent giving guidance, but would you expect to seeing anymore pressure on expenses just from real estate, number one, because you have more deliveries coming so maybe more price discovery from municipalities. And then number two, as you get more competition you will be spending more on marketing and things along those lines that will hit the expense side?
Spencer Kirk: So I would tell you, from a property tax perspective, it will be above inflation. I mean, the last couple of years we have seen 4% to 6%. We expect that again next year. We hope to be able to grow less than inflation in some of the other areas by some of the things we are doing. So hopefully, that will offset some of it. But in terms of marketing, hopefully as we grow, we will certainly experience of the size and scale benefit. So we hope to keep that somewhere in the inflationary.
Neil Malkin: Thank you, guys.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Todd Stender from Wells Fargo, your question please.
Todd Stender: Hi. Thanks for taking the follow-up. Just back to the migration from a secured balance sheet to the unsecured, does that do anything to your cost of debt, I know you are a nimble borrower on a secured basis, but now on an apples-to-apples basis, do you think that will adjust your cost of debt down, thats part one. And then part two is do you think that helps your valuation in the stock as you guys kind of move towards a more I would say, modern era REIT?
Spencer Kirk: I would tell you there is a couple of things for us, one is hopefully it decreases our average cost of debt. And then two hopefully, it extends out the average length of maturity. In terms of whether or not that increases the value, I think that will leave that to the investors and the analysts.
Todd Stender: Great. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Todd.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gwen Clark from Evercore ISI, your question please.
Gwen Clark: Hi. Thanks for taking my follow-up. I think there is some confusion about what a normalized growth means for the sector and for Extra Space, can you try to quantify it a bit more specifically?
Spencer Kirk: Yes. So there are a lot of numbers out there, Gwen. Its Spencer. And if you look back over the last 10-plus years, its hard to get an exact read on this because you got some occupancy gains and other things mixed in there. But some numbers that I have used in the past for the 10-year average for this group, this storage sector, operator specifically, the NOI growth has been about 5.3%. Thats a very healthy report card in the world of REITs by any measure. Extra Space has done a little bit better than that. We have averaged about 6.7% over that 10-plus year period and the last quarter we just reported was 7.8%. We are still way above the historical norm. And you can pull out some of occupancy and other things that might be inflating some of those numbers, but my personal opinion is not only today, but going forward storage will be amongst the best, if not the best performing asset class. So yes, we have seen some deceleration. I am personally a little surprised at the negativity, but I have a high degree of confidence that storage and Extra Space, in particular are going to put up excellent results by any measure in the world of REITs and I dont think any of that changes. So reverting to maybe more normal historical trends, its still impressive.
Gwen Clark: Okay, so thats helpful. And it seems like there is clearly some benefit from occupancy in more recent years at TI, if you were to try and take out the occupancy gain and then take out the benefit from the TI, are probably kind of reached peak penetration, do you have an idea of what the revenue growth would be like?
Spencer Kirk: I would have to get back with you on that. For me to shoot off the hip wont be the right thing to do.
Gwen Clark: Okay, understood. Thank you very much.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Gwen.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Gwen.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude the question-and-answer session of todays program. I would like to hand the program back to Spencer Kirk, CEO for any further remarks.
Spencer Kirk: Again, this is very heartfelt. Its been a pleasure working with each of you. Thank you for making the last 7.5 years so enjoyable. I appreciate your support and interest in Extra Space and we look forward to next quarters call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-31 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norman - Senior Director of Investor Relations Spencer Kirk - Chief Executive Officer Scott Stubbs - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Joe Margolis - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Gwen Clark - Evercore ISI Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets George Hoglund - Jefferies LLC Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Smedes Rose - Citigroup Jeremy Metz - UBS Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets Ryan Burke - Green Street Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets Jonathan Hughes - Raymond James Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q2 2016 Extra Space Storage Inc., Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Norman, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Extra Space. You may begin.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Shane. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's second quarter 2016 earnings call. In addition to our press release we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the Company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the Company's latest filings with the SEC which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, Thursday, July 28, 2016. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer Kirk: Hello, everyone. It was another solid quarter for Extra Space. We produced same-store revenue growth of 7.6% primarily from rate. Expenses increased 3.1% which led to NOI growth of 9.4%. Quarter end occupancy was very strong at 94.4%. FFO per share as adjusted grew more than 25% year-over-year. This is exceptional growth is the result of solid operating performance, accretive acquisitions, joint ventures, third-party management and an optimized balance sheet. These growth components have produced 23 consecutive quarters of double-digit FFO growth and enabled a second quarter dividend increase of 32%. Year-to-date we have closed over $0.5 billion in wholly-owned acquisitions, bringing the total property count to 1,412 Extra Space branded stores. Marketed acquisitions continue to be as competitive as we have ever seen. We continue to be disciplined and only transact at levels that are beneficial for our shareholders. We've been particularly successful sourcing off-market transactions through our joint ventures, third-party and other relationships. We believe that the 630 Extra Space branded stores, which are not wholly-owned, will continue to provide outsized acquisition opportunities. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Spencer. Last night we reported FFO as adjusted of $0.94 per share, meeting the high end of our guidance. Including costs associated with acquisitions and non-cash interest expense, FFO was $0.91 per share for the quarter. Our same-store revenue growth was driven by higher rates to new and existing customers. This is consistent with our guidance which assumes minimal benefit from occupancy and discounts. The change in our same-store pool from 2015 to 2016 positively impacted our revenue growth by 30 basis points for the quarter. Our top-performing markets included Atlanta, Tampa-Saint Pete and most of the state of California, all of which experienced double-digit revenue growth. The slowest markets were Chicago, Denver, Memphis and Washington DC, each of which still had positive revenue growth. Our 2015 acquisitions, including SmartStop, are performing in line with our estimates and lease up times on our CofO deals are significantly faster than underwriting and our historical norms. Year-to-date we have closed or have under contract to close $547 million of wholly-owned acquisitions. In addition, we have $248 million in joint venture acquisitions closed or under contract. Our investment in these JVs will be $81 million this year. All of these acquisitions are expected to close in 2016. During the quarter we restructured two of our joint ventures to realize the value of our promote. The promote was exchanged for additional ownership in the joint ventures, increasing our equity position by over $40 million. At this time, we reaffirm our full-year guidance. FFO as adjusted is estimated to be $3.71 to $3.78 per share. FFO is estimated to be $3.59 to $3.66 per share. This guidance includes $0.05 of dilution from our 2015 and 2016 CofO stores. It also includes 2015 and 2016 acquisitions that, as anticipated, will require time to be brought up to our performance standards. As these properties move towards our portfolio average we expect outsized NOI growth. I will now turn the time back to Spencer.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Scott. While our unprecedented revenue and NOI growth have moderated, our ability to produce the industry's best FFO growth year-in and year-out has not moderated. This quarter's FFO as adjusted grew 25.3%. This is the result of our multifaceted strategy which includes the industry's leading operating platform, the industry's most successful acquisition program, the industry's largest third-party management platform, the industry's largest and most successful JV program, and a management team that clearly understands that growing FFO is our number one priority. In closing, as we expected, our same-store performance has gone from phenomenal to excellent. And FFO growth is still phenomenal. Now let's turn the time over to Jeff to start the Q&A session.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Spencer. For our Q&A session we are also joined by Joe Margolis, our Chief Investment Officer. In order to ensure that we have adequate time to address everyone's questions, I would ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief. If time allows we will address follow-on questions once everyone has had the opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that we will turn it over to Shane to start our Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Hi, everyone. So I just wanted to ask you a couple of questions regarding the same-store revenue trends, the deceleration from about 9% to 7.5%. So, if I put it in perspective, that 7.5% growth, we get it. I mean it is still better than almost any other REIT out there. But at the same time to decline is bigger than what we have seen from your portfolio in quite some time. And some of that growth also carries with it just good pricing momentum you have experienced over the past year. And it may not necessarily be reflective of new customer activity today. So the question is what is really happening on the frontlines of new customer activity in terms of just price sensitivity? And what is happening with Street rates year-over-year, promotion usage, things like that?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, Ki Bin, this is Scott. The deceleration from Q1 to Q2 and from last year I would tell you is largely the result of no occupancy delta and not significant discount delta. So, last year we experienced call it 200 to 300 basis points of - we benefited 200 to 300 basis points of occupancy in discount delta. This year that has gone to minimal amounts. Our current street rates and our current achieved rates are still very solid. We are still getting, call it 6% to 8% I think, right. More recently it has been about 7%. So we are still seeing very good street rates and achieved rate growth.
Ki Bin Kim: And so, if I take that into consideration, it sounds like - I mean obviously you had the occupancy benefit loss. But are promotions almost going the other way where it is higher year-over-year?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, I would tell you promotions are moving in line with rate. So in other words, if rates are up 7%, discounts are up 7% also. So, discounts may be up slightly but not significantly at all or not materially. It is moving with rate.
Ki Bin Kim: I guess what I meant was, for new customers moving in - what is the percentage of new customers moving in that are getting a promotion this time around?
Scott Stubbs: So it is between 60% and 65%. And that is not very much above last year. Last year was similar numbers call it low 60%s? And you also have to look not just at the percentage of customers getting the discount, you have to look at what discount they are getting. So it may be they are getting a discount but it is first month half off or something smaller than they received last year.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, thank you, guys.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Ki Bin.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Gwen Clark of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Gwen Clark: Oh! Hi, guys. Good afternoon.
Spencer Kirk: Hi, Gwen.
Gwen Clark: So just a quick question. On the CO pipeline it looks like a chunk of the assets will be wholly-owned while others will be in a JV structure? Can you talk about the decision making process you go through when evaluating these?
Joe Margolis: Sure, this is Joe Margolis. We have set up several programs with local developers where they - in targeted markets they will source CO opportunities for us to review and will, in a programmatic basis, execute a number of those in joint venture in those markets.
Gwen Clark: Okay. And do you have the right of first refusal on the event that the partner would like to exit eventually?
Joe Margolis: Yes. In all of our ventures we have protections on exit so we have the opportunity to purchase. That is a very important tool for us to make sure that we have.
Gwen Clark: Okay, that is helpful. Thank you very much.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Gwen.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Todd Thomas: So a question on new supply, I guess two questions really. One, any changes in the number of completions you are expecting in 2016 and 2017? And then two, you have talked about - we have heard about Chicago, Denver and Houston seeing new supply lead to some relative softness. I am just wondering if there are any other markets on your radar at this point.
Spencer Kirk: Good question, Todd, it is Spencer. First of all, our best estimate for 2016 is 700 properties likely to be delivered. 2017 maybe a little bit more. I think more importantly in the last 2.5 years, if I can just provide a little color. 45 stores came online within a three mile radius of one of our properties and we still delivered outstanding performance. Within that same three mile ring we see an additional 46 properties come online sometime 2016-2017. So, yes, in some markets there has been a little disruption of new supply in Denver, Austin, San Antonio. We are feeling the effect. But there are other markets where it is not disruptive because there is virtually no new supply. When you think of Northern California and Southern California we are doing phenomenally well. So, while there is supply, the effect has yet to be felt system-wide. And this is one of the beauties of geographic diversification.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then I was just wondering if you are seeing any change at all in existing renters' behavior as it pertains to rent increases. Are you seeing any change in move outs associated with rent increases at all?
Spencer Kirk: No. Existing customer rate increases continue to work beautifully. No change.
Scott Stubbs: The other thing I would add to that, Todd, is customers are actually staying a little bit longer. We are seeing our length of stay increase.
Todd Thomas: Where is that at today?
Scott Stubbs: You are up by about a month from where they were three to five years ago. So closer to 14 months. That is everyone that has moved-in and moved-out versus everyone that is in your property today.
Todd Thomas: Okay, thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of George Hoglund of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
George Hoglund: Hi, guys. Just looking at the back half of the year and same-store occupancy. I guess last year, the end of 3Q you had 93.6%. And at the end of 4Q it was 92.9%. So I was wondering as you're from today looking towards the back half of the year? Do you think year-over-year occupancy would be relatively flat? Or do you think you might be able to eke out some gains on a year-over-year basis?
Spencer Kirk: At this point we are assuming that it is going to be flat, zero delta from last year.
George Hoglund: Okay, thanks. And then also on some of the markets that had lower performance this quarter relative to the broader portfolio - obviously we just touched on some of it due to new supply. But are there other factors you were seeing that could be characteristic of just certain individual markets that led to weaker performance? For example, like Memphis?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, I would tell you new supply obviously affects it, but also you have got to look at prior year performance. For instance, Chicago today is not doing great for us. A couple years ago and if you look at a 10-year average Chicago has been very strong for us. So I think that you can't continue to raise rates 16% year after year after year. And so, I think that some of these markets just probably have a little bit of fatigue year-over-year and you are coming up against some very tough comps.
George Hoglund: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, George.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Just a question on what you are seeing on the West Coast markets. One of the themes from some of your other REIT non-self-storage appears there's been a weakening in demand, maybe slightly weaker job growth in the Bay Area in San Francisco. Anything you are seeing in the data you look at in terms of traffic or anything like that that gives you a picture of what you are seeing on the ground, whether it is staying still strong or any softening?
Scott Stubbs: We have not seen the softening yet. We have seen it from some of the other property types, we have heard talk about it on their calls and whatnot. But as of today those markets are still very strong for us.
Juan Sanabria: Okay, great. And just a bigger picture question in terms of competition, full service providers. Can you give us any sense of what kind of market share those players may have in some of the top markets like in New York or San Francisco? And any views on potential disruption of that technology or that business viability at this point?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, Juan, it is Spencer. Number one, for the full service valet, concierge, whatever you want to call it, we would say their market share today, to the best of our knowledge, in any market is de minimis. And for this Company we don't believe it is a viable business model.
Juan Sanabria: And why is that? Is it just the cost of transportation or what makes you so confident?
Spencer Kirk: Well, we have studied it extensively. We have looked at the mechanics of what it really takes to provide that full service on demand at a price point that is competitive. And I think, Juan, the fact that none of the large storage REITs made any announcement that they are getting into this ought to be a pretty good indicator that they don't see the dollars out there as well. There have been a lot of potential disruptors that have announced themselves in the past that would cause pain to the storage industry. And for whatever reason it just has not materialized. We still think that storage offers the best value for a customer. And any time you try to put two people in a truck and transport it across the George Washington Bridge and do so at a cost-effective price point, we can't get there mathematically or economically.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you very much.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Juan.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose of Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Smedes Rose: Hi, thanks. Spencer, just a couple of questions. If you go back to the beginning of the year and just remind us, has your supply outlook for the number of facilities coming on this year, has that - I think it may be a little bit increased from what you initially thought or is that the same at around 700? It seems to me that it has gone up but maybe I am remembering it wrong.
Spencer Kirk: I think I gave a range, I don't remember, I would have to look at the transcript, but
Smedes Rose: I mean I guess my question is do you feel like facilities under construction are just opening faster or is there more, are you guys discovering more on the margin? It seems like overall based on commentary from private participants as well that the pace of supply is starting to increase after many years of having a lot of gating issues. I mean is that something that you would agree with or not?
Spencer Kirk: Yes. I think there is more talk, there is more action and there is more supply which is why if you go to one of my prior questions, it doesn't matter if 700 properties or 800 properties or being built or 1,000 properties are being built. What matters is if those properties are built right across the street or next-door or within one or two miles of your property that you are currently operating. And as I indicated, over a 2.5 year period we only identified 45 properties in our entire portfolio within a three mile ring. And, Smedes, if you think about a three mile ring in one of the boroughs of New York or downtown San Francisco, your trade area isn't three miles. We were generous on the 45 property count. Your trade area might be a mile or less in a dense metropolitan area. And if you think about 46 properties that we have identified that are permitted and/or in some stage of construction to come out of the ground in 2016 or 2017 also within that three mile ring, yes, there is competition. Properties are being built. The question is, when will we feel the impact? And today the impact has been localized to a few specific markets and there are many markets where it is not felt at all. So, we are going to have to wait and see how it plays out. But, yes, there is supply and it is coming. The question is, when will the impact be felt system-wide?
Smedes Rose: Okay, that is helpful. I just wanted to ask you too, as you look at acquisition opportunities, are you seeing any particular difference between kind of primary markets and smaller secondary markets in terms are pricing or maybe that relative quality of portfolios?
Joe Margolis: This is Joe again. Yes, there is a premium for secondary tertiary markets that I think is getting squeezed as people are unable to place their money into primary markets than all of a sudden Raleigh looks good. And there is probably also a premium in terms of quality.
Smedes Rose: Okay. So I mean given that against that background would you be interested in selling, you sold some I saw in the quarter I think. But would you be interested in selling more against that improving pricing in secondary markets?
Joe Margolis: Our sales are driven by our view - one of two things, our view of future growth opportunities, if we feel that there is a market that future growth is not going to be as robust as alternative places we could put that money. And secondly, where we have management inefficiencies. Maybe we bought a portfolio and there is a property that is in a remote area. We don't have sufficient scale to bring the full force of our management machine to - we will put that on a sales list.
Smedes Rose: Okay, that is helpful. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Smedes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Metz of UBS. Sir, your line is now open.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, guys. Scott, you touched on this a little earlier, but I guess I kind of wanted to ask it a little differently. If I go back to the last call you talked about tweaking your model to focus more on occupancy heading into the peak leasing season. Obviously occupancy is still very good at over 93%m especially relative to historical levels. But I think your expectations were for 75 to 100 basis points of occupancy growth this year. So I was just wondering if you could give us some color on maybe what happened here given that it doesn't really sound like it was a supply issue.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, so I mean our models obviously are always going to focus on maximizing revenue. And when we looked at the models early in the year and the end of last year and estimated where the model would take us, we estimated that we would have more occupancy benefit than we have had. The model has taken more rate and not pushed as much towards occupancy. There are certain markets where we have maybe tweaked the model a little bit, in markets such as Denver where we have seen some softening of occupancy. A couple of other markets where we've seen supply we have had to do the manual inputs into the model rather than - just because things were going on within that submarket or that overall market that the model - it is impossible for the model to read.
Jeremy Metz: Okay, and maybe just sticking with the specific markets, can you just give us a little color on what is going on in Boston and Washington DC? Particularly Boston it seemed like revenue growth decelerated quite a bit. So I don't know if that is maybe just the tougher calms you alluded to earlier there.
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you Boston is one that is up against tougher comps. We have seen some construction but not significant amounts of construction. Boston was a very strong market for us last year. And Washington DC is another market that has never been great. I wouldn't tell you it decelerated significantly, it has been steady.
Jeremy Metz: Okay, and then just one quick one on the expense side. I am guessing it was small, but did you get a benefit this quarter from lower snow cost in the quarter?
Scott Stubbs: We actually had snow costs slightly above where we had estimated. So we had a late storm and then it is timing of some invoices and things like that. We had made some accruals, but our snow was slightly higher than what we were estimating.
Jeremy Metz: All right, thanks.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra of Morgan Stanley. Sir, your line is now open.
Vikram Malhotra: Thank you. So just going back to rate and particularly just Street rates, you talked obviously about this quarter rate being the primary driver, in then back half no real change in occupancy year-over-year. So just mechanically and maybe strategically in the fourth and the first quarter as we move ahead, how should we think about your ability to push Street rates relative to a year ago, but also just relative to the overall rate? Really the question being, could we - is this 7% rate growth that you are seeing, could it be tough to do that in sort of 4Q-1Q when you just naturally pull back on rate?
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you, Vikram, over time I think it is going to be difficult. Whether that is 4Q or Q1, I don't know. I think it is going to depend a little bit on the strength of markets. But I think things will at some point revert more to the historical norm. I think that is just going to be natural. That is the beauty of a diversified portfolio, some markets will be stronger than others. You have seen some markets revert more to that historical norm already and others are lagging.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay. And then just on payroll, I guess your costs were fine. One of your peers had slightly higher cost. I am just wondering as the supply comes on or you have seen at least in certain markets supply come on, any pick up in attrition, maybe managers saying there are other opportunities and just broadly what are you seeing for wages?
Scott Stubbs: Our payroll and our turnover is very similar to prior years and we are not seeing a lot of pressure on our wages. There's been some discussion about minimum wage and it has not become an issue for us just based on where we pay our managers today already.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay, thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Vikram.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Wes Golladay of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Wes Golladay: Thank you. Looking at moderating trends, what do you think the new normal I guess 5 to 10-year growth rate is? What is a at trend growth rate that you guys will eventually get to?
Spencer Kirk: So, Wes, it is Spencer. Let me give you just a little performance. You have got revenue expenses, I am going to focus on NOI, because that is really where the rubber meets the road. Over the last 10 years the simple average for NOI growth for the entire sector has been 5.3%. For Extra Space during that same 10-year period it has been 6.7%. The fact that we just posted 9.4% ought to tell you that even with some moderation we are still way above any historical norm. And I don't see us falling off a cliff by any stretch. Storage, if you go back to 1998 when I started with the Company, was used by about 6% of the U.S. population. Today that number is more than 9% of the U.S. population. One of the questions is, does that top out at 10%, 11%, 12%, 13%? I don't know, but I think that at the end of the day we are in a really good position to maximize revenue. And as I tried to state in my closing comments, look, NOI is only one contributor to our overall FFO performance. You look at joint ventures, the most successful acquisition program in the industry and all the other elements that I enumerated which I am not going to repeat, they all contribute to what we are trying to do and that is grow FFO. And we have got multiple levers that we are pulling to produce the industry's best FFO growth year in and year out.
Wes Golladay: Okay, thank you for that. And then looking at Atlanta, that market has been doing fantastic for six quarters in a row. Anything special going on there? Is it just new I guess properties entering the comp pool or is it just a very good market?
Scott Stubbs: It is just a good market for us. I think again, it is the cyclical nature of it. I think Atlanta is doing really well today. I think next year it could slow a little.
Wes Golladay: Okay, thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Wes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ryan Burke of Green Street Advisors. Sir, your line is now open.
Ryan Burke: Thank you. To try and encapsulate some of the comments that you have already made from the perspective of moderating growth. Would you say that you are more concerned looking forward about potential changes in consumer demand or are you more concerned about the impact of new supply call it 12 to 24 months out.
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you it is probably - I think supply will have some impact but I think also it is somewhat the fatigue within a market. At some point you can't continue to push rates at 9%.
Ryan Burke: Okay. And you are still acquiring in scale, you had a big increase in additions to your CofO development pipeline this quarter. Does a trend towards moderating NOI growth change your outlook for external growth, acquisitions and/or development looking out beyond 2016?
Joe Margolis: So we have been successful in keeping up our acquisition pace primarily through off-market transactions and transactions we are able to generate through our management plus or joint venture pipeline. Pricing on the open market, for some of the reasons you mentioned, is difficult for us to get our minds around in general. But we still think that these other avenues of growth are going to be available to us and will continue.
Ryan Burke: Thanks, Joe. One last quick one. Are there any discernible trends in terms of why I would call it smaller owners are selling, particularly in your third-party managed asset pool?
Joe Margolis: Prices are good particularly in the stores we manage. We have been able to take their NOI up to very attractive levels. And it is a good time to be a seller.
Ryan Burke: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Todd Stender of Wells Fargo Sir, your line is now open.
Todd Stender: Thanks guys. Just looking at revenue management, can you share some of the specifics that revenue management was telling you in Q2, just as far as pushing rate, potentially the expense of occupancy? And as you look at the second half of the year, we're right now at peak season. Anything you can share from the past and the future about what revenue management is kind of pointing to right now?
Spencer Kirk: So, Todd, it is Spencer. As you look at our revenue management algorithm which has 56 different inputs, the whole philosophical underpinning is not about rate or occupancy, it is about maximizing revenue for a particular unit size code and a particular property, based on what we know about those elements that are under consideration. So it is not rate, it is not occupancy, it is revenue.
Todd Stender: That is helpful. Thank you, Spencer. How about - we got an update in June at NAREIT about SmartStop. Any trends you can share, any updates? And then when does that hit the same-store pool?
Spencer Kirk: Yes. I would tell you in terms of trends in the updated NAREIT I would tell you it continues to be ahead in revenues and behind on expenses. So when we said it is performing within our expectations that is in terms of NOI. So revenues are better, expenses are higher. The majority of those expenses are timing. We probably spent more earlier on R&M and on some of the office supplies, repair and maintenance type supplies than we originally estimated. And we hope to recover some of those throughout the year. But overall revenues are strong. And then in terms of same-store pool, it will go in next year, January 2017.
Todd Stender: Okay, thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Adornato of BMO Capital. Sir, your line is now open.
Paul Adornato: Thanks. One source of confusion among analysts and investors I think is just getting consistency in terms of the number of new stores opening, the supply pipeline. And I know that you guys, I believe, have been trying to square and come up with either some sort of cooperative view or some third party sources. I was wondering if you could provide an update on those efforts.
Spencer Kirk: So, Paul, it is Spencer. Just a couple of observations. Number one, we do triangulate to the best of our ability using broker data, our own external field observations, the hardware vendors' data and just what we hear from other sources to come up with an estimate. And when we talked about the 700 properties being built in the United States at this time, you have to recognize there are 14 states we don't even do business in. And back to my earlier comment, it really doesn't matter what the number is, it just matters what the number of properties are that are being built within your competitive trade ring, whether it is 1 mile, 2 miles, 3 miles. And I don't know how as an industry at this point we provide something that all analysts can triangulate on, but I think each of the individual public companies have generally been guiding toward what is coming up out of the ground that is within the trade area, because if it is not in the trade area it doesn't matter.
Paul Adornato: Got it. Thanks, thanks for that color. Appreciate it.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Hughes of Raymond James. Sir, your line is now open
Jonathan Hughes: Hey, guys thanks for taking my question. I know you mentioned earlier that SmartStop was I think ahead of revenues and behind on expenses. But could you give us an update on maybe where occupancy is today?
Scott Stubbs: I actually don't have that right in front of me, but I know it has been trending in line with our estimates.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay. And then, Scott, you mentioned occupancy is now expected to be flat for the year. As tenants are getting stickier and use of storage becomes adopted by more people, do you think occupancy could surpass maybe 95% in the next several years? And is that 95% the max or are you at max occupancy right now in terms of the same-store pool?
Scott Stubbs: Our philosophy and our understanding is we think that we are approaching max occupancy. And the reason being is it takes time for units to turn. They typically sit vacant for a certain number of days before the new renter moves in. They don't necessarily pass each other in the hall as one is moving out and the next is moving in. And that comes from a lot of factors whether it is demand or whether that is our reservation policy at the time, where we allow someone to reserve a unit for maybe 7 days or 14 days depending on the occupancy of that unit. And then that reservation may or may not turn into a rental. So, at some point you are theoretically full, we have estimated that to be around 95%, 96%. So, 95%, is it possible? Yes. Right now we are not estimating we will hit it this year.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay, thank you for the color. Appreciate it.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Jonathan.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa of Evercore ISI. Sir, your line is now open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but just in terms of the acquisition pipeline, I understand you guys are looking at a lot and being more disciplined about what you want to buy. But can you kind of just maybe help frame maybe kind of what is on the market either actively or maybe quietly? And just try and help us kind of think through how much pricing I guess has changed over the last year or so on terms of cap rates?
Spencer Kirk: There is a good amount of product on the market. I would say that a lot of it is of lesser quality. We think cap rates have compressed a little bit this year, maybe 25 or 50 basis points. Clearly there is a big premium for portfolios, we saw that in the large portfolio transaction that was previously announced by one of our peers. And it is just - it is a competitive landscape. The secret of self-storage is out and there is a lot of money chasing it.
Steve Sakwa: Right. So I guess, Spencer, just if pricing is getting harder or more expensive on each deal, does that mean that kind of return hurdles have to come down in order for you to make these deals [tensile]? Are you willing to just accept kind of lower IRRs today than you were say a year or two ago? Or are you just able to squeeze more out of the portfolios and get better growth in order to maintain those high unlevered IRRs?
Spencer Kirk: I think I would answer yes to most of your questions [with that], Steve. The fact of the matter is the market is red-hot and for Extra Space, looking at 630 assets that are not wholly owned that are in our system to us is a meaningful acquisition pipeline that we can go after for years to come. And I believe that every market travels in cycles. And although things might be extremely competitive today, that necessarily won't be the case in future years. So for us, we are going to continue to use a multi-pronged approach to growing this Company. And I have talked about several growth levers that we are employing to make sure that we deliver the industry's best result.
Scott Stubbs: Steve, I would maybe at one other possibility to kind of your realm of possibilities there and that is the deal doesn't actually sell. At some point pricing will get to that point if it continues to not meet people's IRR hurdles and their return hurdles. It is possible things don't transact.
Joe Margolis: And I guess lastly, as was previously mentioned, you have seen us do a few more transactions in a JV structure because we get a premium return through that structure, which helps kind of bridge the gap between market pricing and the return that we are trying to get for our shareholders.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, thanks. That is it for me.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a follow-up question from the line of Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust. Sir, your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Just a couple quick ones here. In regards to the properties where you do have new supply competing with you, I think you said 45 properties within a 3 mile radius. When you look at the dynamics of what you can to with pricing and those types of markets where there is more supply coming, how do Street rates or promotions or a combination of compare to what you said earlier about achieving about a 7% Street rate with relatively flat promotions? When you look at those micro markets how much does it differ?
Scott Stubbs: So it obviously it differs by market by property. If you look at where we compete with brand-new properties that are opening, I will give you a couple of examples. We had one up in Harlem where we had a property open by one of our peers, a large property that filled up quickly. Our properties still grew at almost 10% that year. Now, that is not to say it couldn't have growing at 15%, but we still had a very solid growth. We have had another property or two where for a year's time we had flat or slightly negative growth, but we haven't seen them fall off the map by any sense here.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay and just a quick question on your balance sheet. You have about 22% floating rate debt given the interest rate environment. Any thoughts on maybe changing that?
Scott Stubbs: So, we are pretty happy with where we are. We don't see it going up significantly. But if you look at the markets historically at least recently the bets on variable-rate debt have been right. And we feel like it is at a point that is good for our shareholders as well as prudent.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, thanks again.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Ki Bin.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a follow-up question from the line of George Hoglund of Jefferies. Sir your line is now open.
George Hoglund: So, you had mentioned earlier that one of the biggest headwinds is the renter fatigue. And I guess when you look at - I guess that would be for the same-store portfolio. When you look at what is in the non-same-store portfolio, I guess including SmartStop, do you view a large difference in terms of how much renter fatigue is in that non-same-store portfolio? I guess that is part one. And then part two is I guess for new properties that come on line from the CofO deals, obviously no renter fatigue in a new property. But do you see sort of more I guess rent growth potential going forward with these newly opened properties?
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you in terms of properties we buy that were not managed as well as CofO properties there is more runway. Typically these properties are at lower rates than our properties, so we have the ability to push them for longer. And typically in a CofO store we open at a rate that is below market and so we have the ability to push rates longer because it takes them a little bit of time to get them up to Street rates or what are normal market rates.
Spencer Kirk: George, it is Spencer. There is one other thing on this renter fatigue. I wouldn't take it too far because more than 50% of our customers walking in the door have never used self-storage ever. So they don't even know what they are up against. So it is the more mature properties where you have got a lot of really long-term tenants that you might start to feel it.
George Hoglund: Okay, thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. And, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norman - IR Spencer Kirk - CEO Scott Stubbs - CFO
Analysts: Gwen Clark - Evercore ISI George Hoglund - Jefferies Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Jenna Gallagher - Bank of America Smedes Rose - Citigroup Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust R.J. Milligan - Baird Ryan Burke - Green Street Advisors Jonathan Hughes - Raymond James Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets Ross Nussbaum - UBS Jeremy Metz - UBS
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Extra Space Storage First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call Mr. Jeff Norman, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Jeff Norman: Thank you. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's first quarter 2016 earnings call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our Web site. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the Company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the Company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, Tuesday, May 3, 2016. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer Kirk: Hello, everyone. We are off to a strong start in 2016, revenue growth exceeded expectations coming in at 9.1%, mild winter helps moderate expenses leading to NOI growth of 12.3%. We ended the quarter at 92.8% occupancy, the highest in our company's history at this time of year. We acquired 25 stores during the quarter, six of which were through an off market transactions where we bought out a partner. Pricing remains competitive and so our expectations are high, we continue to find some accretive acquisitions in the open market and through our managed asset pipeline. We ended the quarter with 1,371 Extra Space branded stores. Per share FFO as adjusted grew 25% year-over-year, this is on top of 21% growth to previous year, resulting in FFO growth of over 50% in two years. Our multifaceted strategy to increase shareholder value has five components. First, operating performance, 12.3% NOI growth is outstanding by any measure and for any asset class. Second, accretive acquisitions, weve strategically purchase 4 billion since 2012. Third, joint ventures, they have and will continue to produce an outsized return on dollars invested. Fourth, third party management, our program the nation's largest provide significant economies of scale in off market acquisition opportunities. And fifth, an optimized balance sheet. These five components have enabled us to produce 22 consecutive quarters of double-digit FFO growth. Now I'd like to turn this time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you Spencer. Last night, we reported FFO as adjusted of $0.86 per share exceeding the high end of our guidance by a penny. The beat was the result of better than expected property level performance, including costs associated with acquisitions, non-cash interest expense and 4 million legal expenses, FFO was $0.79 per share for the quarter. Our same store revenue growth was primarily driven by higher rates to new and existing customers and increased occupancy. Our 2016 same store pool increased to 564 stores, the change in the same store pool positively impacted our revenue growth by 30 basis points. Our top performing markets included Atlanta, Dallas, Los Angeles, San Francisco and Tampa/St. Pete all of which experienced double-digit revenue growth. Our slowest market included Chicago, Memphis and Washington D.C. Baltimore all of which still grew revenue at 3 plus percent. In addition to the strong performance of our same-store pool, our 2015 acquisitions including SmartStop performed ahead of our underwriting, our platform continues to maximize results. Year to date we have 520 million closed or under contract all of which are wholly on acquisitions. In addition, we have 191 million in joint venture acquisitions where we will invest 50 million in 2016. Based on our solid first quarter results we have increased our full year guidance. FFO was adjusted, it's estimated to be between $3.71 to $3.78 per share. FFO is estimated to be between 3.59 and 3.66 per share, guidance includes $0.05 of dilution from our 2015 and 2016 certificate of occupancy stores. It also includes 2015 and 2016 acquisitions that as anticipated will require time to be brought up to our performance standards. Once they're performing at our portfolio average, these acquisitions should produce an additional $0.10 per share.  I'll now turn the time back to Spencer.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you, Scott. Demand is steady, and while new supply is appearing in pockets, it's still muted across the country. We see exceptional performance in many markets and even our slower growth markets are posting steady revenue increases, as we indicated last call, we expect 2016 to be another strong year. Lastly, outstanding results of Q1 are the direct result of 3,278 dedicated employees focused on and working hard to maximize shareholder value, to each of them I say thank you.  Ill turn the time over to Jeff to start our Q&A.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Spencer. In order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyone's questions, I would ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief. If time allows, we will address follow-on questions once everyone has had an opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that, we will turn it over to Kia to start our Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Gwen Clark of Evercore ISI.
Gwen Clark: This is kind of a bigger picture question. It looks like you have a number of new markets added to the same-store disclosure such as Norfolk, Columbus and Greensboro. With the exception of San Diego, they look like they are pretty low rent per square foot markets. Can you talk about the operating performance since ownership and how you guys are thinking in regard to the future for these assets? 
Scott Stubbs: This is Scott. I'll go ahead and take that one. The performance of the assets in Southern Virginia have probably performed a little bit below our original underwriting estimates. In terms of the other markets, they have performed fine and these markets are like most markets across the U.S. I think they will be cyclical in nature, there will be times theyll outperforming and there will be times outperform within the portfolio average or even slightly below, I mean, it's tough to comment on a specific market like that. 
Gwen Clark: Okay, thank you. I guess as a follow-up looking five years out, how do you see your exposure within these markets?
Scott Stubbs: We'll continue to invest across the U.S. I think on average, we want to keep our portfolio demographic similar to what we have today on average, so if we investing one of those types of markets, hopefully we're also investing in some of the very dense metropolitan areas with low -- high ramp per square foot and good population and income demographics. So on average we are not looking to decrease the average of our property portfolio.
Gwen Clark: Okay that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from George Hoglund of Jefferies.
George Hoglund : Just a couple of questions here. First, just on the $4 million settlement charge, can you just give some color on that?
Spencer Kirk: Hi George, its Spencer. Big picture this is classed action in New Jersey it has to be with consumer contract and it cuts across many, many industries and many, many companies. So we attended a mediation where we reached an agreement on the parameters of the settlement. We are in the process of finalizing the terms of that settlement and getting court approval. And we've accrued an estimated cost of settlement in thats what we've been talking about. We expect it to be a onetime expense and it could be tough to better estimate until all of the negotiating is concluded, but we are giving you our best number and giving you as much color as we can.
George Hoglund : Okay, thanks. Also just in terms of Chicago, it is a market that has underperformed the rest of the portfolio as of late. If you could just sort of address that. Then also it seems though there is a large portfolio in the market that has about 30 odd stores in Chicago area, is that a market you would look or would be interested in increasing your exposure?
Spencer Kirk: The Chicago for us, it would be long term its been a good market for us. Clearly it's one of our focus markets, we like it, it's that great demographic, there is the lot of people there. Chicago if you look at few years back was one of our top performing markets as I commented on earlier these markets typically go in cycles. So we would look that Chicago as a long-term play, it's something that we would be interested in increasing our exposure in.
Operator: And our next question comes from Todd Thomas of KeyBanc. 
Todd Thomas : Just a question on third-party management in that business. I believe historically you said that adding -- or every 20 properties added about $0.01 to $0.02 per share of FFO. Is that still the right way to think about the direct contribution from those properties or has that changed at all?
Spencer Kirk: I think it's still pretty consistent, it's going to depend on where are those properties are and the ramp per square foot of those properties. The properties in New York City 6% of $30 rents is significantly more than 6% of $6 rents. So on average I would say that's still correct.
Todd Thomas : Outside of the management contracts that you have been adding or properties that you have been adding to the platform from the strategic, the two other entities of strategics deploying capital for, how is the demand like from other operators to utilize third-party management at this time?
Spencer Kirk: We continue to see strong demand. We were at an industry trade show this past week and our booth was fully the entire time, we continued to talk to people. A good source recently has been some of the new constructions coming on. So while new construction is coming into the market we are bringing those on as management contracts.
Todd Thomas : Okay. Just one last one if I may. Spencer, you have been plugged into the technology industry over the course of your career prior to EXR and at EXR and I know you spent some time with the team researching and trying to understand the full service or valet storage operating businesses. Curious to get your read on what you think here. Is it positive for storage, just tapping into new customers, creating awareness or is it changing the way consumers think about storage on some level and how the storage business may operate in the next couple of years? Would just appreciate your thoughts and comments a bit.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you, Todd. Just a few observations first of all that valet or concierge or full-service, however we want to characterize it is a logistics business. And we are looking at it very carefully. My personal opinion is, I dont think it's likely to be a disruptor for a self-storage. I think there is a segment of the population that will dial in into it and we are going to continue to monitor it, but today we are not making any announcement that we are getting into valet because it is questionable whether it is a viable business model. 
Operator: And the next question comes from Jenna Gallagher of Bank of America.
Jenna Gallagher : I appreciate your comments on the different market performances. I was curious if you could provide a little bit more color around New York City and Houston. They did great but a little bit below the portfolio average, so just curious if they are seeing any impact from some of the supply? 
Spencer Kirk: So Houston I think it's probably a supply as well as an economic issue there. Our portfolio is about 2% below where it was the year ago, but even Houston has suffered from the energy downturn as well as some building, our same-store pool was about 5% and revenues were ahead of where they were last year and our bigger pool was about 7% ahead of where it was last year. So still solid performance and last year those properties did very well. New York City as a whole I would tell you is not suffering from over building, I think over building is going to affect in a micro market more than it is on the whole. But New York City on a whole is still three feet per square foot per person, it's still very low square feet per person in New York City.
Jenna Gallagher: I was just curious if you could provide an update on where occupancy is now?
Spencer Kirk: Occupancy is slightly higher than where we ended the quarter, call it 30 basis point or so.
Operator: And our next question comes from Smedes Rose of Citigroup.
Smedes Rose: I wanted to ask you just a little bit about the quality of the product that you are seeing on the market as you look across -- when you are looking at acquisitions. It looks like you continue to be fairly active there and we have heard some sort of mixed commentary around pricing and quality and be interested in your perspective as well.
Spencer Kirk: So Smedes, its Spencer. As you look at what's out there, first of all there is a steady deal flow thats coming in. I think all of the larger company the REITs are getting call to bit. And with steady deal flow coming in, we see asset quality spending to spectrum, the one constant in all of this is prices are high, really high. And you can have crappy assets that we think are just a way out of market, and you can have really nice assets that even for us or maybe even some of the REITs are getting a bit too rich to transact. So we are looking for those accretive acquisitions, the opportunities that make sense geographically and economically, and when they do we are going to act but quality spans the spectrum.
Smedes Rose: So could you maybe sort of quantify the change in cap rates over the past year or so roughly? Is it 25 basis points or 50?
Spencer Kirk: They are lower and call between 25 and 50 basis points.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim: So just had a couple of questions regarding how pricing trends are coming out or playing out, end of spring. I guess in the winter, things were a little bit better than expected, getting the bigger year-over-year increases. Was just curious if you are -- I know it is only May 3, but is this spring, are you getting the year-over-year increases so far that you have been used to in previous springs?
Spencer Kirk: I would tell you pricing continues to be strong, January-February we were close to 10%, above where we were last year. Going into March and April, we are still 6% to 7% above where we were last year, which proves spring is still pretty solid.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. I mean obviously that 7% in April is not a small number but it is a little bit down from the January, February. Any particular reason your revenue management systems or the results are lining up that way?
Spencer Kirk: So we pushed rate harder in January, February and we gave a little bit on occupancy and you saw our year-over-year delta come in a little and now we are kind of easing off that and going a little bit more with occupancy.
Ki Bin Kim: Last question. Obviously your revenue management system is trying to optimize revenue, we get that. But just curious if we did see a little bit more move outs and less move in this quarter? Any patterns or reasons why more people left or less people moved in that you can point to that happened this quarter that might be unusual?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, I would tell you part of it is the unusual comp from last year. Last year you had a really odd thing in the North East, we had some pretty severe weather, which had very few move outs and very few move in, so I think part of it is year-over-year, if you look at a bigger average, call it five to seven year average, we are right in line with the five to seven year average in terms of move-ins and move-outs both.
Operator: And our next question comes from R.J. Milligan of Baird.
R.J. Milligan: I was wondering if you could just give a little bit more detail on who those buyers are for those really low cap rates and how much appetite you think there is out there from that competition?
Spencer Kirk: R.J, it's Spencer. There is a lot of appetite for self-storage, I think it's not secrete that it's probably the best performing asset class year in and year out. We are seeing pronounced competition everywhere we turn, from trade buyers and non-trade buyers. And the only comment I would make is as we look at this, it's great to buy this asset class, but once youve purchased it somebody has got to operate it. It is operationally intensive and we think that that creates opportunity. And we will just have to see how things play out, but there is a lot of money chasing this assets.
R.J. Milligan : Okay. And then on the C of O [ph] deals, can you talk about the sort of underwritten development yields that you were seeing maybe a year ago versus today and sort of where that middle ground is in terms of a cap rate where you guys are willing to buy those assets?
Spencer Kirk: Youre still look in the cap rates, but we kept, we underwrite them 150 to 200 basis points, I would tell you today big were on the 150 basis points range recently, weve said notice some deals and we continue to see things coming in the 7.5 to 8 yield once theyre stabilize.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ryan Burke of Green Street Advisors.
Ryan Burke: You disposed of a handful of assets, small dollar amount but it is relatively uncommon for you. What was the specific rationale for selling those properties? And can you give us an update on your plans for further dispositions, if any? 
Spencer Kirk: So from our perspective, we will continue to look at markets and whether its, markets that are difficult for us to operate in or whether their markets that we still maybe have reached their potential or they may have need for CapEx to be put into those. So those are markets well look to dispose of assets, some of these were a little bit more rural and maybe not as core as we would hope for in terms of rent per square foot and the income of population demographics.
A - : Ryan as you know, we are trying to build the company and dispositions have not been something that we talked a lot about. But I think you can expect going forward that you will see us looking at the very bottom end of our portfolio and taking really good look at the economic performance as well as the physical characteristics of that particular bottom segment. And rationalizing whether it should be in the portfolio. And I think youll see some activity year-end and year-out at the bottom-end, but its not going to be a wholesale initiative on our part, because we are trying to build not dismantle.
Ryan Burke: Sure. Are you able to give us a feel for what percentage of the properties the bottom end defines?
A - : 1% to 2%.
Ryan Burke: Okay. Separate question just back to New York City development. I believe that all of the properties in your current pipeline in the NYC boroughs are minority stakes. Does that speak to a desire to control your exposure there or is it more just the fact that that is the opportunity that has presented itself there?
Spencer Kirk: Its a combination of the opportunity thats presented itself as well as ability our leverage our returns in the lower cap rate environment.
Ryan Burke: Okay, and you picked up one property or a JV interest in one property in the Bronx during the quarter. That was 42% occupied as of March 31. Do you happen to have what the occupancy was on that asset as of January 1?
Spencer Kirk: I dont have that specifically in front of me, but its one thats open recently, it continues to lease up really well.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jonathan Hughes of Raymond James.
Jonathan Hughes: I just had one, most of mine have been answered. But what renewal rate increases were you able to pass on to tenants in this first quarter? And then maybe how many left or vacated due to not wanting to pay those renewal rate bumps?
Scott Stubbs: Lets take the second piece one Jonathan. Our existing customer rate increase program continues to show financially that we are hitting the sweets spot, there might be a few move outs where people wont accepted, but economics are compelling in terms of the gain that we pick up from the high 90%, 95%, 98% whatever it is that accept it and dont move out, because this is a very sticky product type. Existing customer rate increases, the 9% to 10% range quarter on and quarter out and works well.
Jonathan Hughes: And then are many just not leaving because they simply don't want to take the time to move their stuff out or is it just to get lack of available space?
Spencer Kirk: Must be realistic about this Jonathan. If you are renting a unit any of yet a rate increase letter that says your rent is going up 15 bucks, you are not likely to go get a U-Haul truck take a Saturday morning, pack-up your stuff, go down the street, unpack your stuff, return the U-Haul truck to safe 15 bucks. People just want go through the effort to do that, its an incredibly sticky product type. What we have found that if rate increases more often than not my finally signal to somebody. The problem that I was trying to solve has past, maybe I should move out. And that is as I said a very, very small percentage, single-digit, low single-digits of the total customer based. So existing customer rate increases, its a great program, we think were operating in the sweets spot.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay. Its great color. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Todd Stender of Wells Fargo.
Todd Stender: Just on discounts, what percentage of customers are receiving some type of promotion this quarter? And also just wanted to get a sense of what you are budgeting for discounts this spring leasing season? You are obviously coming off of a higher occupancy level having smoothed out some of the Q4 seasonal dip. Just want to get a sense of discounts.
Scott Stubbs: Yes discounts during the first quarter about 75% to 85% of our customers moving in -- coming in first time renters or new customers receive a discount. That is higher than it was last year when we originally looked at the year I think we had hopes that discounts would be flat, now we are projecting they will be up slightly. But if you think of it in terms of whether discounts are up or down our rates are up 5% to 10%. So clearly if you rent to the same number of people discounts will be up 5% to 10% over where they were last year. Wed hope to be able to cut them and keep them flat as a percent, but now we are seeing that they will be up slightly and we are projecting the same into the spring leasing season to up.
Todd Stender: Thanks for the color, Scott. And just one last question. I wanted to follow up on the question about the assets you've sold already. You are going to be managing them on a third-party basis. Can you just go over maybe what the standard agreement you have in place is? Is a cancelable by either side? The reason I ask is usually you get into the third-party management with the potential to buy the property, but I wanted to see if you can get out of this since you are obviously disposing of it?
Spencer Kirk: Yes so it's pretty simple, it's a month-to-months contract. We do advance the money for the rebranding of the asset and if they opt out before 36 months has transpired we can get some money back on that on a pro rata schedule. And we do not have the right of first refusal, we make this easy and hopefully our performance is enough to keep people in that they dont want to go somewhere else and we want the flexibility to do what we need to do. So time, I think we are coming up on 8.5 years of third party management. Todd and we've learnt something's but work in terms of seller expectations and we've learned something's in terms of management expectations both coming and going and we are very comfortable that our property level performance and the results we deliver on a month contract speak for themselves and has work very well.
Operator: And our next question comes from George Hoglund of Jefferies.
George Hoglund: Just a follow-up on the transaction environment. Are you seeing any change in the motivation of sellers in terms of -- is it -- are you seeing more assets because pricing is so good or are you seeing people looking to exit for other reasons as could be seeing some private equity backers look to exit their investments maybe sooner than one would think?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, all of the above.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, I think it's tough to comment on sellers motivation, I mean they all have a different motive.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, it's all of the above its pricing, its motivation, it's everything.
George Hoglund : And as far as concerns about development, I feel like people keep talking about it but it is kind of waning now. People may be getting more concerned about an economic downturn in 17. How do you think storage would behave differently through this time around if we head into a downturn versus the last time? Some factors are different; you don't have the oversupply issues we did last time. But how might revenue management impact things? And it seems last time basically PSA just lowered rates significantly that impacted of the industry, how do you think things would be different?
Spencer Kirk: George. It's Spenser. So what I would tell you is we are comfortable that self-storage is a great business to be in, its a recessionary system, we've already proven that the industry has proven that. We were amongst the last to go into the recession amongst the first to come out of the recession and the REITS are better equipped at this point than at any other time to acquire customers. The chasm between the haves and have not has widened and the rate at which the chasm is growing is accelerating. So if there is a downturn I'm highly confident of the national players the REITs are in the best possible position to capitalize and produce the very best result. 
George Hoglund: Alright thanks for the color. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Wes Golladay of RBC Capital Markets.
Wes Golladay : Sticking with that last question regarding the downturn, I noticed you guys are having some pretty good success pushing rate and now you mentioned you want to build occupancy a little bit. Are you seeing anything in your predictive analytics that has given you caution or is this maybe the occupancy move specific to certain markets? 
Spencer Kirk: Now typically we are focused on just overall revenue growth and our models have certainly inputs and so you can tweet them slightly I would tell you early on in the year it was focus more on revenue growth meaning street rate growth and now we are focusing -- we tweaked the models slightly to focus a little more on -- just on occupancy.
Wes Golladay : Okay. And then you mentioned a lot of people active in the market. Is SmartStop actually getting a little more active? Are you running into them and can you get some meaningful management contracts later in the year? 
Spencer Kirk: They continue to be active I think that we see them we see the other REITS as we hope they continue to be successful. We are not able to buy, we wish them the best because we have a good relationship with them, I think it works well for both of us.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeremy Metz of UBS.
Q - Ross : Hi guys, it's actually Ross Nussbaum here with Jeremy. You touched on just a little earlier, but I just want to make sure I understood it. The vacates for the quarter were up 6.4% year-over-year, what exactly are you guys attributing that increases to?
Spencer Kirk: It's tough to attribute to anyone thing, part of it I would tell you is the comp year-over-year, last year had low vacates, it could be pricing, it could be a myriad of things. So we haven't attributed with anyone specifically.
Scott Stubbs: Also with more customers Ross, youre going to have more vacates. Were at the highest occupancy weve ever been.
Ross Nussbaum: Yes, I think that is fair although the 6.4% number did catch my eye a bit. I was wondering, did you look at for those vacates, was there any trend in terms of average length of stay that it was more short-term people, more long-term people that you had received more than one rent increase? Was there anything in there that caught your eye?
Scott Stubbs: No, in fact our average length of stay increased, so we continue to increase our length of stay, but we have had some vacates but not anything concerning to us at this point.
Spencer Kirk: And Ross just two other points, if you look at an 8 year average, its well within the bounds of being normal, and second as Scott said earlier in this call you look at April occupancy is going up which means obviously we are doing something right. We cant look at just short periods of time. We need to look at this thing in terms of micro terms and we think 2016 is going to be a strong year.
Ross Nussbaum: Same type of question on the rental side. The number of rentals were down but again that is probably because your occupancy is higher and you've got fewer units. Can you give us some sense of what the traffic numbers looked like both at the store, on your website, on mobile, at your call center and those numbers look year-over-year in the quarter?
Spencer Kirk: Year-over-year our opportunities are within normal range or expected range and our close rates were also within the expected or target ranges.
Ross Nussbaum: Okay. So no discernible change, there weren't a lot of numbers in that answer. So no discernible change in trend in terms of traffic?
Spencer Kirk: Thats correct. The traffic on the internet are traffic to our call center were all within in the expected range.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, I think maybe one thing should looking for, mobile continues to be really important to growth rate as customers coming to us through mobile devices is growing well into the double digits. It's a phenomenon and weve got a terrific mobile platform and its part of what's helping us to deliver the kind of results we have then.
Ross Nussbaum: Got it. Last one for me, can you give us a sense where in-place rents are today against street rents, what that variance is?
Spencer Kirk: So it's kind of mid to high single digit, but that depends on the time of year and the seasonality Ross. During the dead of winter its in the high single digit, at the peak of summer its low single digits, if it's not right on top of each other.
Ross Nussbaum: I think Jeremy had a question.
Jeremy Metz: Yes, so I just want quickly on the dispositions, I know there was small but were those assets acquired SmartStop deal where those legacy extra states assets and that was keeping the management contracts a requirement of the deal? Thanks.
Spencer Kirk: No, we purchase those in June of 2011 as part of 15 property portfolio and keeping the management contracts is not a requirement but it obviously will lead towards the seller that which willing to do that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks, just a couple of quick cleanup questions here. Noticed a certificate of occupancy deal move out of the pipeline in Naperville. Anything to look at there?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, this was the property that I would tell you it's probably pretty typical what you seeing in SEO deals and what you seeing in the development. This is one that we got we could get done the developer was pretty conformable that they can entitled, we put it under contract we received some opposition from a neighborhood group and it's all out of contract due to the inability to get the project done.
Ki Bin Kim: Probably in some weird way, that is maybe a good thing for the industry.
Spencer Kirk: I think it's pretty standard, I think you see that not just with this one project, I think you are seeing it across country.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Is there any discernible trend in your New York MSA between the boroughs versus New Jersey? Performance wise?
Spencer Kirk: I would tell you performance is going to be a more on a micro market and depending on new competition within that market but overall it's pretty consistent, between boroughs and New Jersey, Northern New Jersey.
Ki Bin Kim: And just last one, can you comment on the SmartStop deal and what kind of growth you are getting in that portfolio in NOI right now? And if it is meeting your pro forma or better than expected?
Spencer Kirk: I would tell you its slightly ahead of our projections, discloser to street was we originally projected that it would be about 5.5% cap rate in year one and I'd tell you it's add or above that in terms of that we're actually getting a little bit more in rate and occupancy is coming a little bit slower than we've expected although, we saw some good occupancy growth in April. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Todd Thomas of KeyBanc. 
Todd Thomas: Can you remind us what your typical rent increase pattern is for existing customers, what the thresholds are and how frequently you increase rents to existing customers? And has that changed at all over the last year or two?
Scott Stubbs: Really hasn't changed in much over the last decade. Its five months for the first trade increase, its nine month thereafter, nine months thereafter and nine months thereafter. We do have covers on that, too far above the existing street rate, we bet the existing customer rate increase, but as we're pushing street rates up each and every year, customers that may have dropdown of the eligible pool, find themselves back in the pool and so, as I said, between 9% and 10%, we do this every single month and quarter to quarter, it provides meaningful revenue for this company, we like what we're doing and statistically we've shown that's the program that we have in place works in a good economy and a decelerating economy, we haven't changed that.
Todd Thomas: Okay, got it. And then Spencer, you mentioned that some of the move outs from rent increases, they tend to generally occur from customers that no longer need storage so their problem has been solved. Any sense for what percent of the portfolio might be discretionary at this time or not really need storage any longer? Is there sort of a way to gauge that based on how long people say they need storage when they move in or some way to arrive at an estimate?
Spencer Kirk: I don't know their thoughts and intents, I don't know even how to quantify that, but what I can tell you Todd is that I think it's kind of in mid to low single digit as the customer base, where there's any question mark, surrounding whether they're going to stay around or go
Todd Thomas: Okay, it seems much lower than what I think we had maybe talked about or heard back in 06 or 07 when I think it was closer to maybe 15% or 20%. Is that not an accurate assessment or has something changed today versus maybe that last cycle? 
Spencer Kirk: What I would tell you is over the course of the decade, a lot of things have changed including our repository of data and our understanding of our customers and without looking at some very specific numbers, I'm just having that give you off the top of my head, that this is something that has not materially changed and I don't know where the 15% to 20% number came from previously Id have to go back and look, but I personally believe it's lower than that today.
Scott Stubbs: Considerably, to quantify this Todd, wed be purely speculating or guessing. I mean this is really a customer need or customer decision here. 
Todd Thomas: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Spencer Kirk for closing remarks.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you, everybody for your interest and your time today. We look forward to next quarter's call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norman - Director, IR Spencer Kirk - CEO Scott Stubbs - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets David Toti - BB&T Capital Markets Jeremy Metz - UBS George Hoglund - Jefferies Smedes Rose - Citigroup Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Jenna Gallagher - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Landon Park - Morgan Stanley Jonathan Hughes - Raymond James Ryan Burke - Green Street Advisors Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Extra Space Storage Inc. Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program Mr. Jeff Norman, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Jonathan. Welcome to Extra Space Storages fourth quarter and year end 2015 conference call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our Web site. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the Companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the Companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Wednesday, February 24, 2016. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer Kirk: Hello, everyone. 2015 was a record breaking year. We executed at a high level and produced outstanding results despite difficult comps. For the fourth quarter same-store revenue growth was 9.3%, NOI growth was 11.9%, year-end occupancy was 92.9% and FFO as adjusted grew 29%, this marks 21 consecutive quarters of double digit increases. We delivered these exceptional same store operating results while expanding our physical real estate and digital real estate footprint by 24%. In 2015, we added 259 stores to our platform and our year end EXR branded store count was 1,347. For the year we closed on 1.8 billion in acquisitions, seller expectations are high and we expect pricing to remain competitive in 2016. However, we're finding accretive acquisitions including off market transactions and we're off to a solid start in 2016.  Id now like to turn this time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Spence. Last night, we reported FFO as adjusted of $0.87 per share meeting the high end of our guidance. Including costs associated with acquisitions and non-cash interest, FFO was $0.38 per share for the quarter. This was below our Q4 guidance due to additional transaction related costs. We paid 16 million in SmartStop transactional cost, 8 million for SmartStops investment bankers and 8 million severance expenses. These costs were expenses on our books rather than on SmartStops in essence we paid SmartStops transactional costs with SmartStops working capital. These costs were included in our original purchase price estimates and had no effect on the transaction on a net-net basis. For the year, FFO as adjusted was $3.13 per share meeting the high end of our guidance. Including acquisition and non-cash interest cost FFO was $2.58 per share. Our same-store revenue growth was driven by higher rates to new and existing customers, increased occupancy and lower discounts. Our top performing markets were California, Colorado and Florida. Our worse performing markets still grew at 4% to 5% and out platform continues to maximize results. We had a busy quarter on the acquisition front, adding 131 stores to 1.4 billion. The majority of these stores were part of the SmartStop acquisition which are performing in line with our underwriting expectations. Last night, we provided guidance and annual assumptions for 2016. Our new same-store pool increased by 61 properties for a total of 564, we expect the change in the same-store pool to positively impact our revenue growth by approximately 50 basis points. For 2016, our acquisition guidance of 600 million refers only to our wholly-owned stores. The impact of our JV acquisitions is captured in our equity and earnings. Our full year FFO as adjusted is estimated to be $3.65 to $3.73 per share. 2016 FFO guidance is $3.57 to $3.65 per share. This guidance includes $0.05 of dilution from our 2015 and 2016 certificate of occupancy acquisitions. Our guidance also includes 2015 acquisitions that as anticipated will require time to be brought up to our performance standards. Once they're performing at our portfolio average, they should produce an additional $0.10 per share. I'll now turn the time back to Spencer for some closing remarks.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Scott. We expect 2016 to look much like 2015. Demand is steady, new supply while present, is still muted and our advantage on the Internet continues to grow. However in 2015, increases in occupancy and reductions in discounts contributed approximately 300 basis points to revenue. This year we expect occupancy gains of approximately 100 basis points and little to no additional benefit from discount reductions. I congratulate our team on the significant growth and the strong performance in 2015. It has resulted in Extra Space been included in the S&P 500. We're pleased to be recognized as a top tier REIT and a member of this fine group of companies. Now lets turn the time back to Jeff to start the Q&A session.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Spencer. In order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyone's questions, I would ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief. If time allows, we will address follow-on questions once everyone has had an opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that, we will turn it over to Jonathon to start our Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Todd Thomas from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your question please.
Todd Thomas: Just first question on occupancy, there was a much more muted seasonality impact at the end of the year, only a 30 basis point decrease from the average occupancy in the fourth quarter. I am assuming that was a pretty conscious effort. But what levers did you pull on to keep occupancy at 92.9% at the end of the year?
Spencer Kirk: So, we continue to advertise out there. So I think the one of the things we made a conscious effort of is we spent some pay per click dollars as well as maximizing our SEO spend. We continue to try to make sure that we maintain occupancy in the slow season so we're ready to push rates as we move into the busy season.
Todd Thomas: Are you able to share your occupancy through today and where that was year-over-year perhaps?
Spencer Kirk: We're not giving exact numbers, it hasn't changed significantly.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And just a follow-up then on Houston, with regard to occupancy there, it actually fell rather sharply. It was higher year-over-year last quarter, but was lower this quarter by 120 basis points and it is now one of the few markets in the portfolio where occupancy is lower. What is your read on Houston and are you operating in Houston any differently than you operate in any of your other markets?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, so Houston is overall Todd, 2% of our total portfolio. This is the beauty of a broadly diversified and geographically dispersed portfolio. And yes there is softness in Houston. And we have not done anything differently, operationally on our interactive marketing efforts or our revenue management specifically to try and address something that is just part of the economic softness in that part of the country. So, we're going to continue to do everything we can without being operational in our behaviour. We've got a platform, we've got a system and we are letting the system run based on the laws of supply and demand.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Toti from BB&T Capital Markets.
David Toti: I just have two questions on rent growth. And Spencer, I think you mentioned a revenue forecast for the year. You are assuming little discount burn-off and about 100 basis points of occupancy. Can you share what your rent assumptions are embedded within that revenue forecast?
Spencer Kirk: So, if you look at our revenue forecast David, the majority of that is actually going to come from rate, you're going to get about 100 basis points from occupancy and the rest is all rate, so we think that we'll continue to be able to push rates in the mid to high single digits and hopefully we continue to see strength through the summer months here.
David Toti: And then a follow-up to -- a follow-up to that question, in assets where you have occupancy in the mid-90s or higher, and you have some limited inventory, what is a typical rent strategy in those types of assets? Do you push rent to dislocate tenants to create more inventory what -- how do you guys approach that situation?
Spencer Kirk: We push rate as hard as we think is prudent for the market and for the data that we have for a particular property and the unit size codes that are in demand. Part of the beauty of our platform is that data is probably our single most valuable asset and if you look at 800,000 plus units that we have information on, we're going to push rate as hard as we can. Obviously, we don't want to dislodge customers but where we have existing customer rate increases being benefited by lofty street rates, yes, we can get pretty aggressive both with new customers walking in the door as well as the existing customer and our system is going to be try to optimize the revenue for any particular size code.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Metz from USB. Your question please.
Jeremy Metz: Hi guys I am on with Ross here. I was just wondering if you could talk about what you're budgeting for SmartStop in 2016 in terms of the revenue growth and how that breaks down between occupancy and rents?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, so we're hoping to have their occupancy be at similar rates to what we have in our occupancy by the end of the rental season or by the end of the summer. You're going to do that first by making sure the rates relatively low. But overall for an annual growth rate, it's high single digits.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. And then just on one of the potential JVs you mentioned in the press release it looks like all those assets are developments in New York you would buy at CO. So I am just wondering if you can walk us through your thinking there and thoughts on current supply already underway in the market. And then in terms of the JV, is your partner the actual developer or just the financial partner?
Scott Stubbs: So, it's actually just a financial partner, it's an institutional partner, so it's one we're excited do more business with to do -- have more investment with. We like the New York City market, New York City the boroughs have low per square foot penetration as far as your square feet per population and we're excited to have additional product in a market that has great demographics and high rent per square foot.
Jeremy Metz: And is there a chance you could increase your -- yes?
Spencer Kirk: It's Spencer, if I could just put a vital color on JVs, number one JVs help us with the dilution part of the equation on earnings, number two, it increases our return and in answer of part two of your question, new supply generally throughout the country I think that's the question you're getting at, it's still muted. And my own personal number is total number of properties delivered new assets in the United States in 2016, 600.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Hoglund from Jefferies. Your question please.
George Hoglund: Yes, I was wondering if you could just, one, comment on expenses in Chicago that were up pretty significantly.
Spencer Kirk: It is property tax reassessments, for Illinois is very aggressive on an annual basis and some of those we'll appeal.
George Hoglund: Okay. And then when you think about the guidance range in terms of what is most likely to push you towards the higher end of the guidance range or could even -- what would be the outlier that would push you above the range? What factors do you think are most likely?
Spencer Kirk: Id give you two items, one would be of property taxes coming lower than we are originally budgeting, we're budgeting them close to 6% I think it was 5.8 for our budget on same-stores this year. And then second of all, if rates hold better than expected through the summer months.
George Hoglund: And then I guess just one more. In terms of -- you talked about occupancy, you had mentioned it earlier, that it was about the same or unchanged wasthat versus the year end or is that on year-over-year basis?
Spencer Kirk: Versus year-end.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose from Citigroup. Your question please.
Smedes Rose: You mentioned that some of the acquisitions made in 2015 can drive an additional $0.10 to make it up to your company wide portfolio metrics. Can you talk about maybe some of the dilution I guess that is embedded in your guidance for this year from the 2014 or so CofO properties coming online?
Spencer Kirk: So the dilution is actually primarily from the 15 and 16 acquisitions and you've got about $0.05 in those properties. So from a growth perspective you got $0.05 from CofO and another $0.10 from properties that we've purchased considering them to be value-add opportunities.
Smedes Rose: Okay. And then could you just remind us when you were calculating your adjusted FFO, how do you treat the convertible notes in terms of...?
Spencer Kirk: The non-cash portion we take out as an adjustment and then the other adjustment is the transaction cost for acquisitions. So, those are really our only two adjustments.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust. Your question, please.
Ki Bin Kim: Could you just give a quick update on where your street rates were this quarter or in January, whichever one you prefer, year-over-year? And in terms of tying that into your same-store revenue guidance, it sounds like 600 basis points comes from rate. Is that pretty equivalent to street rate growth? So to get to 600 basis points of revenue growth from rate does that equal 6% street rate growth for next -- for this year?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, a couple of things, just of note here, first of all, they're high single-digits year-over-year. December versus last December but again that could depend on what you did last December with your rates. So, we would caution people always to look at it on average. So, we can continue to raise rates but then the other thing that's important is what is our actually achieved rate because everyone doesn't comment and pay street rate, you have some Internet specials things like that. So, you also need to book at what our achieved rate is versus our street rates but overall, they continue to grow and again as I mentioned earlier majority of our growth this year is going to come from our rate increases.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And I think the high-single-digit year-over-year increase in street rates in December is -- it sounds mostly noticeably better than last December year over year. If this holds up as we get into summer leasing season, is it reasonable to expect that year-over-year increase in street rates to be more than that 8%-ish number that you posted last summer?
Spencer Kirk: You know what Ki Bin, it all depends on how our busy season transpires, we're walking into our prime season with a record occupancy and we're going to push rates as hard as we can but certainly not out of the realm of possibility but I think we're pretty mature to offer any kind of prognostication as to what's going to happen, give us another 90 or 100 days and let us kind of see how things are starting to transpire and I think we can add some color, it is too early.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jenna Gallagher from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Your question, please.
Jenna Gallagher: Can you provide some detail on where the stores you bought year to date and the acquisitions you are targeting in 16 are located? Whether you are trying to increase scale in the SmartStop markets or just generally for the portfolio wide?
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you, they are more in our core markets, we're not necessarily trying to add in some of the one off markets where SmartStop is I think that we're buying them wherever we can buy them and make it the best pricing possible.
Spencer Kirk: The one thing that I'd add to this and I said this many times, we're not going to get to 3,000 properties by being in Los Angeles and New York, we're going to have a broad national platform and as we talked about some of these markets that are experiencing a little softness, we also have markets that are performing at levels that are unprecedented and geographically diversified portfolio is best and I think a rational strategy of say look, we can't predict winners and losers over the long haul, virtually every market will cycle that I'm aware of, we want to be probably diversified and geographically dispersed so that we can capitalize on what this self storage business has to offer and that is best-in-class performance amongst any real estate class.
Jenna Gallagher: And then just kind of your thoughts on funding the acquisitions and any guidance for dispositions this year?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, first of all the funding of our acquisitions included in our share count and in our equity estimates we have about $225 million to fund the $600 million in acquisition, so 225 million of equity or OP unit issuance.
Jenna Gallagher: And any dispositions?
Scott Stubbs: And then in terms of dispositions we continue to look at the bottom part of our portfolio, right now we're looking at $25 million or less in dispositions that are -- we have a few properties listed right now but it's a small portion.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra from Morgan Stanley. Sir your question, please.
Landon Park: Hi, guys, this is Landon on for Vikram. Just wanted to touch on Chicago, I know it has been sort of one of the weaker markets this year for you guys. And we have heard from some private operators that there is quite a few pockets of supply cropping up there. Is that sort of impacting that market or on the revenue side what do you think is driving the weakness?
Scott Stubbs: There is new supply Landon, there are pockets of development around the county, you start to think about parts of Texas, parts of Florida, Chicago obviously, yes there is some development going on and it's going to have an impact but overall if you look at the entire country, 600 of assets plus or minus coming online this year is barely keeping up with the population increase of this country in terms of new supply that needs to be added, so back to my earlier comment being in a bunch of markets with an operating platform that optimizes performance is our strategy and if one market is up another might be down and Chicago right is feeling softness and we are okay with it, it's not what we want, but it's not causing us to have a good night's rest, we're able to just rest well with that portfolio that's producing outstanding results.
Landon Park: So, is the weakness there -- you think it is largely attributable to new supply?
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you a portion of it is new supply, a portion of it is the overall health of the economy there. And I think there is new supply and in our markets we've seen probably outsized supply growth.
Landon Park: Okay. And just more broadly on supply, how quickly do you think that that supply could ramp over the next few years with fairly quick build times in the industry?
Scott Stubbs: [Technical Difficulty] and the credit requirements to obtain a loan are tight, entitlements are still very-very difficult to get generally around the country and although there will be initial supply I still maintain it slightly to be muted and I don't expect a hockey stick for the aforementioned reasons. So I think the operating environment continues to look favourable for the next couple of years. And as we progress down the road, we get better clarity and we'll speak to it.
Landon Park: And then just one last one on the reinsurance income, how much of the increase year-over-year is going to come from higher penetration at SmartStop? And how do you see the penetration of that portfolio sort of trending over the next few years?
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you it's going to come -- part of it's going to come from the increase in that but the overall our penetration is low to mid 70s and it's going to be tough to push it much more than that. So you are going to continue to add to our tenant insurance income through acquisition and through addition of management properties primarily.
Landon Park: And just remind me, what was SmartStop at when you close the deal?
Scott Stubbs: I think their penetration wasn't that different, I think it was a little bit more in the rate and kind of what the dollar amounts they were insuring.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Hughes from Raymond James. Your question please.
Jonathan Hughes: Just to touch on Landon's question. I was hoping you could kind of give some similar commentary on maybe the same-store revenue growth in your DC portfolio. Is that being impacted by new supply at all or maybe weaker job growth?
Scott Stubbs: We have not seen outsized growth in new supply in DC, but I think that probably has to do more with the overall health there, it was also one of the markets that held up better during the downturns than some of the others, so if you look at a 10-year average or a 5-year average I am not sure it's that different than some of the other markets.
Jonathan Hughes: And then turning to the SEO deals that were added to the pipeline, are most of these projects with developers you have had prior relationships with or are they new entrants to the storage development market?
Scott Stubbs: Some of them we have had relationships with in the past and I would say none of them are new entrants to self storage. They're all experienced self storage developers.
Jonathan Hughes: And then what are the yields on those deals versus stabilized cap rates?
Scott Stubbs: So, obviously when you get into a CofO deal Jonathan, your yield is zero and so what we do is look at the market, and we like to generally see about 150 basis points spread between that new opportunity and what a fully stabilized asset would be trading in that market. So it depends, depends on the market.
Jonathan Hughes: And then that 150, I mean has that compressed significantly over the past six months or is it pretty much stable?
Scott Stubbs: It's pretty stable over the last six months.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Burk from Green Street Advisors. Your question please.
Ryan Burk: Net rents on the properties that you will roll into the same-store pool this year, about 20% below the average for the 2015 same-store pool, just curious if you expect to fully close that gap, obviously not in 2016 much but over time?
Scott Stubbs: So you're saying that properties that are moving from the non-same-store to the same-store in 16 what will we do? I think a portion of that is not just at the price below but also it's a function of what markets they are in. I mean from our perspective we're looking at more what the lift has changed between the 2 same-store pools, so in my earlier comment I mentioned it was going to add 50 basis points. Part of that is coming from the properties that are below market rents in certain markets but you can't only just look at that because some of them maybe in a different market with a lower per square foot rent.
Ryan Burk: Acquisition volume has been strong across the sector it has been very strong for you so far this year. Is there any evidence that the smaller private operators are starting to become more willing sellers? And what is your general outlook for portfolios that may be coming to market?
Scott Stubbs: So I think as there has been some cap rate compression over the last few years Ryan I think yes, there are a number of folks out there that are saying -- I don't know that it's going to get any better than it is today, Id probably ought to take a look at selling this single asset or this portfolio, we're obviously out in the market looking at everything that is out there, I can't tell you that there's any next big SmartStop hanging out there in the wings for us to go to capture in 2016, what I can tell you, is we're going to participate in the open market and do so in a disciplined fashion and we're also going to be going after all of the off market stuff because we have got a wonderful relationship with hundreds of operators. Who at this point may decide or elect to sell and let's see how the next 10 months play out. So, we think open market and off market, we're off to a good start and we expect to have a decent year in 2016 but I can predict another home run hit like a SmartStop in 2016 because, there isn't anything right now on the table.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Wes Golladay from RBC Capital Markets. Your question, please.
Wes Golladay: First off congrats on the S&P 500 add. Looking at SmartStop, what is your forecast for expense growth for that portfolio this year?
Scott Stubbs: So, in terms of expense growth, we actually didn't model it at all in terms of what they had in their expenses at versus ours, we actually just modelled it entirely based on what our expense structure is, so we took what our payroll structure is, we took the pro forma property tax adjustments all of that so, I couldn't even comment on what the growth would be in expenses.
Wes Golladay: And then looking at the 600 facilities coming online in 2016, how much of that is competitive for your portfolio? And do you see any markets where supply will meaningfully overwhelm demand?
Scott Stubbs: I think a portion of those are obviously competitive to us. I would tell you that, I don't see a single market where it's going to overwhelm demand I think you're seeing more construction in Texas and in Florida in Chicago, some of the markets where it's typically and historically a little bit easier to build and get things entitled.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is a follow-up from the line of George Hoglund from Jefferies. Your question, please.
George Hoglund: Just one additional question, on the past few months have you seen any change in appetite from JV partners in terms of how much they want to buy or have you seen new JV partners looking to enter into the space?
Scott Stubbs: I would say, George that for the last two years there's been a fair amount of interest from various would be participants wanting to get into self storage I think, self storage has proven itself as a excellent investment and whether it's private equity or institutional investors, there is a lot of demand, there's lot of inquiry to trend put it into the last 90 days or last six months I think would not be fair I will just say that we are frequently getting calls, as I'm sure the other major operators are saying, hi, I'd like to participate with you can we do something together. And I don't think that that's going to change because storage is a really good asset class. So, nothing out of the ordinary in the last quarter or two quarters, I'd just say there's been a constant level of inquiries and interest expressed over the last couple of years.
George Hoglund: And then just on cap rates on acquisitions, what are you seeing on stabilized properties for some of the stuff you have been doing year to-date?
Scott Stubbs: We'll typically stabilize a property mid 6s but that's not necessarily a forward-looking year one cap, sometimes we will take some opportunities to buy a property that maybe has lower occupancy or is in the lease up phase, so I would tell you cap rates are all over and it's going to be market by market. In the secondary markets, you might get something in the 7s but if you want to buy something in New York City, you're not going to buy in the set 6s even.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas from Key Bank Capital Markets. Your question, please. 
Todd Thomas: So in the past you have said that you would tolerate about 3% FFO dilution from CofO and development deals. In 2016 sounds like you are expecting about $0.15 overall, so $0.05 I think, Scott, you said from CofO deals and $0.10 from development and lease up deals. So that is a little over 4% at the midpoint of guidance and you are taking up your exposure to CofO deals. Has your tolerance to for FFO dilution changed at all or is there anything in terms of risk that you are willing to tolerate more at this point?
Scott Stubbs: I'm not sure it's changed at all Todd if you look at our 2015 acquisitions, obviously that is heavily weighted towards one large acquisition and so we viewed that as an opportunity and so we were willing to take a risk on more of a one-time thing there.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then just lastly, taxes associated with the REITs, TRS, the assumption there is about $17 million for the year, so about $0.13 per share. In the past there have been various initiatives to drive that back down, any thoughts about reducing that expense? And assuming that the TRS' tax expense does continue to grow does it cause you to think differently about how you operate the portfolio or run the business in any way?
Scott Stubbs: I'd tell you, we continue to look for opportunities to save taxes in the TRS, we've done solar we have looked at making sure that the TRS is paying its fair share in terms of acquisition costs from making sure that they reimburse the REIT for access to these customers. So I would tell you our strategy is going to be to continue to be aggressive, but I think there are benefits from having a TRS and having insurance captive, so we'll continue to look for opportunities and ways to maximize our return.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI Group. Your question please.
Steve Sakwa: Spencer, I was just wondering as we are getting sort of deeper into the economic cycle here, and you guys are doing more CofO deals, how do you just sort of think about the risk of the lease up on the developments? And are you guys sort of changing your underwriting at all or getting more conservative as you kind of analyze these different projects around the country?
Spencer Kirk: I would say Steve that is we're thinking about CofO deals philosophically first of all we have to recognize that historically or compared to the historical lease up time we're running about 1.5 the time that it takes to show up a property. Now, there are always outliers on that, but for us whether you're looking at the economic cycle as being steady or even decelerating, what I can tell you is that the life changing events that caused people to use storage, happened in good economies and bad economies and we're not underwriting anything differently on lease up in 2016 or even 2017 then what we would say we're doing better than we have historically done and the Internet is the game changer that's allowing us to drive more traffic at the proper price point to our properties and we were able to go forward and we're going to continually refine that process so that we maximize performance. And maximizing performance is, fill it up as fast as you can in an economic fashion to optimize revenue.
Steve Sakwa: So, not to put words in your mouth, but if you knew a recession was coming you really wouldn't do much differently?
Spencer Kirk: That is correct. We never actually changed our underwriting to be more aggressive when things were leasing up faster.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Spencer Kirk, CEO.
Spencer Kirk: We appreciate your interest in Extra Space today and we look forward to the next quarters call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norman - Director, IR Spencer Kirk - Chief Executive Officer Scott Stubbs - EVP and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jeff Becker - Bank of America Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Todd Stender - Wells Fargo George Hoglund - Jefferies Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Gaurav Mehta - Cantor Fitzgerald John Pawlowski - Green Street Advisors Jonathan Hughes - Raymond James Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Extra Space Storage Inc. Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Director of Investor Relations, Jeff Norman. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Melory. Welcome to Extra Space Storages third quarter 2015 conference call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the Companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the Companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Thursday, October 29, 2015. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer Kirk: Hello, everyone. For 2015, the top two priorities at Extra Space are operational excellence and seamless integration of new stores on to our operating platform. Year-to-date, our focus on these priorities is paying off. Operationally, we had a record breaking quarter. We excelled in producing same-store revenue growth of 9.9%, NOI growth of 12.6% and a peak occupancy of 94.9%. This enabled us to achieve FFO as adjusted growth of 12.5% on top of last years growth of 26.3%. This marks 20 consecutive quarters of double-digit increases. Perform at this level while simultaneously preparing to close a large and complex transaction showcases the depth of our operations team and our ability to execute. In the first three quarters, we added 82 wholly-owned stores to our platform. On October 1st, we closed our acquisition of SmartStop and integrated an additional 165 properties. This brings our store count to 1,335, all branded Extra Space. Preparations to have these stores began months earlier. Thanks to the work of our team and a cooperation of SmartStop, we were able to review financial systems, train employees, plan technology conversions, and evaluate CapEx needs well ahead of closing. There is still work to be done but we hit the ground running. This is the right acquisition at the right time for our shareholders. And Id now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Spencer. Last night we reported FFO of $0.81 per share for the quarter. Excluding costs associated with acquisitions and non-cash interest, FFO as adjusted was $0.81 per share, exceeding the high end of our guidance by $0.02. The beat was primarily the result of better than expected property performance. This was partially offset by higher than forecasted income tax as well as an increase in interest expense as we accumulated the funds for the SmartStop acquisition. Our same-store revenue growth was driven by higher rates to new and existing customers, increased occupancy and lower discount. Our top performing market year-to-date include Atlanta, Denver, Houston, Los Angeles, Sacramento, San Francisco, and Tampa/St. Pete, all with double-digit revenue growth. Our platform continues to maximize results in this favorable operating environment. During the quarter, we acquired one store in Maryland for $6.1 million and we acquired a certificate of occupancy store with a JV partner for $5.4 million. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we acquired 124 stores for just over $1.3 billion. All but two of these stores were part of the SmartStop portfolio. We currently have 9 operating stores under contract for $82 million. Six of these acquisitions totaling $53 million are scheduled to close before the end of the year. In addition, we have another 17 certificate of occupancy stores under contract. The total purchase price of these stores is $177 million of which $26 million is expected to close in 2015. We were active in the capital markets in the quarter. We filed a $400 million ATM under which we sold 31 million. We also issued 575 million in exchangeable senior notes and used a portion of the note proceeds to repurchase 164 million of an existing tranche of exchangeable notes. The October 1st, SmartStop acquisition as well as our strong year-to-date results require revisions to our guidance. Our full year FFO guidance is $2.69 to $2.72 per share. Our guidance includes dilution from a certificate of occupancy deals, acquisitions that operate below our portfolio average and $45 million in transactional and debt elimination costs related to the SmartStop acquisition they will be recognized in the fourth quarter. Our FFOs adjusted increased to $3.10 to $3.13 per share which removes the non-cash interest and non-recurring transactional cost. I will now turn the time back over to Spencer.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Scott. Fundamentals for the sector continue to be strong. New supply which is still muted will not be a factor in the next couple of years. We expect occupancy to remain at all time highs which should allow us to further increase rates for new and existing customers. Only time will tell if pricing power will remain as strong as it is today, but the fundamentals support the positive outlook. The acquisitions environment will continue to be extremely competitive and Extra Space will remain a disciplined buyer. Were focused on accretive acquisitions and maximizing shareholder value. Im pleased with the outstanding performance of our team. We have executed at a high level across the entire organization. Now lets turn the time back to Jeff to start the Q&A session.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Spencer. In order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyones questions, I would ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief and if possible limit it to two. If time allows, we will address follow-on questions once everyone has had an opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that, we will turn it over to Melory to start a Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Becker with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Jeff Becker: My first question is on the integration of SmartStop. I know its only been a month but any lessons learned you could share with us on the underwriting of the deal, positive or negative and maybe specifically on some of the new markets youve entered?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, in terms of underwriting and performance, I would tell you its probably too early to really comment on that. What I would say is the properties are performing right where we were expecting them to perform when we put this under contract several months ago. So, the occupancy and the revenue performance when we took them over, was right where we expected.
Spencer Kirk: With regards to the markets, one of the really nice things about this transaction is in many markets, we picked up even greater footprint which is going to give us greater presence digitally on the internet and allow us to further drive occupancy and rate at those stores. So, its coming together very well. We are pleased.
Jeff Becker: So too soon to tell if the underwriting was too conservative; it seems like the integration has gone very well, as you said, and then acquired properties performing better than expected within the first lets say once and other deal.
Scott Stubbs: Everything is right on course; its too early to tell what the trend is but we are very satisfied with how we started.
Jeff Becker: And then I had just have one other question on the 17 certificate of occupancy under contract, I guess can you provide a little bit more details on that; where those came from, existing markets, some of these markets?
Scott Stubbs: So, I would tell you that they are similar markets to where we have been in the past. I mean theyre all markets where we currently have properties, they range from Boston to Phoenix; so theyre across the U.S. These are local developers, most of them we have relationships with. The majority of them, we feel like are going to be very good acquisitions and are -- as weve underwritten them -- we have underwritten them with we would say certainly prudent, lease-up assumptions, meaning weve kind of gone to our historical average. We recognize that the market wont always be what is today. Some of these C of O deals are out into 2017, even out into 2018. And so we have been prudent in our underwriting assumptions and we expect them to perform well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Vikram Malhotra: I just had a kind of bigger picture question. You referenced that supply should not be an issue for the next couple of years. I think we were sourcing maybe 16, now maybe 17. You started off same-store NOI kind of in this 8% range and now clearly youre 10% to 11%. Looking forward what are you sort of -- what metric would you say can continue at a very strong pace, if you were to sort of pick one and what are you most worried about?
Scott Stubbs: Vikram, its Scott. So, obviously we are not ready to give 2016 guidance, maybe just kind of commenting on where we are today and where we can kind of see things going. I would tell you weve had a very good year. I think that we have had outstanding performance. If I look into the next year, I think its going to be very good. I think that our occupancy cant continue to have a 200 basis-point delta year-over-year; our discounts, we cant continue to push them lower year after year but I do think we will have some pricing power going into next year and it will be a very good year still.
Vikram Malhotra: And just one clarification, so, on that pricing power, you had very solid growth. Can you just sort of give us a bit more color what was the price increase in terms of street rates, how much they grew, and then the price increase to existing customers?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So, our existing customers, we continue to increase them in the high single digit. In terms of the pricing, our prices to -- and Street rate, it depends on the time of the year. During the summer months we saw 8% growth. So, we continue to push on those. If you look at waterfall and where our growth came from, our growth came about just over 200 basis points in occupancy, about 50 basis points from discounts, and the rest came from rate, primarily from new customers coming in the door.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open
Todd Thomas: Just first question following up on rents and then price increases, if I think about your portfolio overall generating rental income growth of 10% in the quarter, some markets obviously well above that. Just given the churn you see in your portfolio and the time it takes to re-tenant space when customers move out, that suggests to me that you are increasing rents well above 10% across the portfolio. You just mentioned that you are increasing rents to existing customers in the high single digits and even in the peak season street rents were only up 8%. So, Im just sort of curious, what am I missing that the blended overall portfolio rental income growth in the quarter was 10%.
Scott Stubbs: One of the things that happened is we actually have some negative churn that takes place. So depending on the time of year, our negative churn is typically mid-single-digits but it could go higher than that, depending on what were doing with rates. So if someone moves in, in the summer where there are peak rates and then we drop the prices in the fall, if someone moves out, you have a negative churn. So thats one of the things that I would tell you, just in doing the simple math youre missing. The other one is raising our existing customers high single digits but we did that last year. So year-over-year, its really not generating a lot of lift to our income.
Todd Thomas: I guess both of those actually sound like they be headwinds to rental income growth; is that right? Is that what youre trying to say with that? So, if someone moves in, in the summer at a higher rent during the summer, then they move out and you replace that with someone in the fall or in the winter at a lower rent and same thing with sort of the net increase to existing customers, youre saying that the churn causes that to be lower. But Im wondering how the blended overall rental income growth in the quarter was 10% when -- it doesnt seem like youre increasing rents to anybody 10% or more. Street rates were up during the peak 8% and existing customer rent increases are less than 10%.
Scott Stubbs: So 200 basis points to 250 basis points on occupancy, you get a 0.5% of discount, so thats 3%. You then get the rest from rate. So, if youre pushing your existing customers high single digits and you did that last year, maybe slightly more this year, you get a little bit from that. And then we pushed street rates this year 7% to 8%.
Todd Thomas: And then my second question just regarding the C of O deals, curious how big that pipeline will get. During the last cycle you had about $300 million development pipeline, obviously the size of the Company was much smaller and its much larger today, but just curious where you see that pipeline growing? Do you think youll get back to $300 million or even higher?
Spencer Kirk: As you think about a C of O pipeline, the governor for us is dilution, and weve set a target of about 3% of FFO as what were willing to tolerate. And depending on whether we do those C of O deals just by ourselves or with the JV partner can affect that calculation. So obviously, we would like to do nice new properties in as many core markets as we can. Its a competitive market and we have a dilution threshold that we want to be very disciplined, so that we dont go backwards.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. 
Todd Stender: Can you provide some fundamental data points for the operating properties, or the one you acquired in Q3, you also have some under contract that youre expecting to acquire in Q4, just seeing that these are stabilized and any details you can provide?
Spencer Kirk: Most of the properties were looking at stabilized cap rate in the mid-6s, your year one cap rate is usually going to be slightly below that. Some of these properties have a little bit of upside but not that significant.
Todd Stender: But occupancy or rental rates, anything, any context you can provide with those. 
Scott Stubbs: Its both. And it will depend a little bit on the properties. So for instance that one we bought in the quarter had more rate growth potential as well as a little bit of occupancy, going forward, some of the other properties were looking at buying have a combination of rate and occupancy and then others just have rate growth for opportunities.
Todd Stender: Thats helpful, Scott. And then -- go ahead, sorry. 
Scott Stubbs: I said it really depends on the property and the market.
Todd Stender: And just switching gears to the third party management. We used to talk about it a lot more often, it seems like its been overshadowed by your good fundamentals, definitely youre entering into C of O deals. Just wanted to get a sense of how much the third-party management pipeline that provides you guys with acquisition opportunities; how much of that is still in place?
Spencer Kirk: It still is the prime reason were in the business, Todd, to create off market acquisition pipeline. We havent made a lot of noise about it, but we added 43 managed assets on the SmartStop acquisition, and by the end of the year, well have grown that pool by more than a 100 assets. So for us, the strategic opportunity that it presents and we continue to buy from that portfolio that we manage. We also get economies of scale and the tenant insurance, and the power of spending more on the internet in those respective markets. So, it continues to be a very important part of our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Hoglund with Jefferies. 
George Hoglund: I just had one question on the outperformance relative to the peers on a same-store NOI basis. I mean its been pretty substantial this year. Im just wondering what do you guys think the driver of that is. I know a part of it can be just how you guys determine the same-store pool relative to the peers, but what also you attribute your outperformance to?
Scott Stubbs: Its tough to comment on their results. I would tell you weve put information in our supplementals, breaking out our current pool versus our last years pool. But I would tell you, both pools have performed. I think that wed like to think that we have the best mousetrap out there that we have -- were most aggressive on the internet, we have the best revenue management systems. But its tough to comment on how we compare to them.
Spencer Kirk: George, its Spencer, if I could just make a comment, because this continues to come up. We have not changed our same-store definition in over a decade. Weve been consistent. And I can tell you in Q3, the same-store properties that have been added in which were not primarily lease-up, but rather just properties that we acquired, provided an uplift of 80 basis points on revenue and 110 basis points on the NOI. So, if you subtract that out were still very pleased with what our properties are producing, our platform enables us to do, and probably most importantly what our team is executing on. I think its a combination of people, platform and properties that have allowed us to produce the results that weve produced.
Todd Stender: And then just one more, in terms of markets where you may be seeing -- or are you seeing in any markets somewhat of a pushback on the rates where you may be seeing a little bit more of occupancy decline or are you really seeing that anywhere?
Scott Stubbs: So, even our worst markets were still seeing 5% growth. So, I think that its healthy across the U.S. Markets are somewhat cyclical, some are better than others. I would tell you, our worst markets are probably Chicago and maybe Washington D.C. but theyve been very strong in past years and theyre still experiencing 5% growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is now open. 
Ki Bin Kim: So, maybe looking forward, not asking for guidance but we look at the same-store revenue composition this quarter is around 10% and you said 250 came from occupancy and lower promotions. If we assume that doesnt happen again, just on a go forward basis, what are the couple of factors that you look at to fee -- can you just go to 7.5 or is that pretty much how we hit the feeling in terms of growth rate and maybe what has to happen in the economy or population or own prices or things like that that can change that, move that needle positive or negative on that number?
Spencer Kirk: First of all, we will push rate on both existing and new customers as hard as we can. We dont want to get ahead of ourselves. There might be another 100 basis points on occupancy. The overall health of the economy obviously will be a big determinant. But as we look at 2016, as Scott said, our expectation is our results are going to go from phenomenal to maybe just really good. And well have to see how the year transpires. But I dont see any disruptive element on the horizon with regards to new supply for the next couple of years which I already commented on. And I only see us getting more powerful and potent in the digital world, particularly with our mobile strategy. And were going to continue to invest wisely and were going to do everything we can to drive optimal performance from these assets.
Ki Bin Kim: Have you seen any notable change in customer move out activity based on the rental rates that youre pushing through from previous cycle?
Spencer Kirk: No, sir.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Rowe [ph] with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: I wanted to ask you -- I know youve mentioned a couple of times that you dont see new supply as a big issue over the next couple of years. But when you look at -- just sort of basing this on some commentary from some brokers weve spoken to that its actually harder to get lending for new supply in smaller markets than it is for bigger markets. I was just wondering if you see that at all and maybe just the tenure of lending in general of the space as people try to. I would think there got to be a fair amount of capital but looking to get into this industry and for some reason its not able to be put to work and just wondering if you can maybe talk about what youre seeing on the ground level?
Scott Stubbs: From what were seeing, its hard to comment a lot on financing just because were not out there looking for it. I think well capitalized developers are going to be able to get loans, obviously better markets, its going to be better but it also probably affects your returns. Your returns in New York City are going to be less than your returns in Dallas you would expect. The other thing thats happening is land prices, I think our pricing some people out of certain markets we have not seen anything substantial out of Southern California, out of San Francisco, out of Seattle, some of these markets where its difficult, everybody is competing for the same piece of land. So from our perspective, we are seeing some new construction. Its more in the markets like Denver, Dallas, Atlanta, South Florida, even some in New York City, but from our perspective, we dont see it across the whole U.S., we see certain pockets with some. And we do expect it to come with the returns of the properties. But Im not sure its going to be a tighter wave of new construction.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then can you just talk about the average length of stay; is that continuing to lengthen out?
Spencer Kirk: Its about the same, there might be a very, very slight uptick on the length of stay, but its in very stable suite.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gaurav Mehta with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open.
Gaurav Mehta: Yes, thank you good afternoon. Just a quick one on the lease-up period. You have a few stores that are in their operations now. I was hoping if you can comment on the impact of technology that youre seeing on the time its taking to lease-up those stores?
Scott Stubbs: So, we are seeing quicker lease-ups at our C of O stores. Its probably a combination of technology as well as no new supply. In our supplemental package, page 23, we show the details and kind of where the occupancy is for those stores. We are doing tests on our store to see if you can move the needle in terms of marketing spend, in terms of rates, but overall typically, were going to go into the market with lower prices and try to be as aggressive as we can to fill them up as quickly as possible.
Gaurav Mehta: Okay. And following up on the construction financing, is that the only reason you are seeing an increased interest from merchant builders and other developers to bring C of O deals to you guys, the lack of constructing financing or something else going as well?
Scott Stubbs: So with them bringing C of O deals to us, clearly they are getting some type of financing in the interim. Im guessing most of them have some type of construction loan and then potentially this helps as far as the takeout. The other thing thats changed in todays cycle for a lot of these developers is it used to be that they would build the property, theyd open it up, theyd take out a yellow page, theyd operate it themselves. I think with the sophistication now of the larger players, thats becoming more and more difficult. Its difficult to compete on the internet for a small operator. Many of them are coming to the big players to have them manage those properties or at least sell them at C of O.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pawlowski with Green Street Advisors. Your line is now open.
John Pawlowski: Thank you. The 19 Harrison Street properties saw outsized acceleration of revenue and NOI growth this quarter, could you provide some color on what drove this and whether anything has changed operationally now that these are wholly-owned?
Scott Stubbs: Nothing is changed operationally; I would tell you its just timing on those properties. There is nothing significant thats changed if I recall right. I think those properties revenue wise are operating very similar to many of our existing properties.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Hughes with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Hughes: Looking at 61 [ph] stores that are added to same-store, you may well increase NOI there by pretty impressive amount this year, I something well ahead of 20% the first nine months. Could you just talk about the contribution from those assets versus the 50 basis points guidance at the beginning of the year, and then maybe looking ahead could we expect the similar boost from those properties that get added next year?
Scott Stubbs: So, if you look at page 18 of our supplemental that actually compares the last years 442 pool to this years 503. And in the third quarter, they had it 80 basis points to change in pool and then 100 basis points year-to-date. I would tell you that that is a little bit of anomaly. I think that we would expect a small bump from next years changing pool but nothing like weve seen this year.
Jonathan Hughes: And then lastly kind of a broader question, I am anxious to hear your thoughts about [indiscernible] on-demand storage services in some urban markets like New York, Boston and D.C., do you see these as competitors to your business, or do you see them as complementary where they may actually in rent units facilities you currently own the store there been?
Spencer Kirk: Lots of questions in there Jonathan, [indiscernible] service, its obviously something were looking at. Right now Im aware of several dozen players that are all buying to prove this product concept. One of the things that I do know is with over 1300 stores scattered across the U.S., were in a really good position to be part of the solution. And this is one where we are keeping our options open, seeing how things kind of shake out. Weve had numerous discussions and its something that is being incubated. Now whether it turns out to be a significant part of -- what happens when people looking for a solution for storage, only time will tell. But I can tell you, its not something that we are ignoring, we are very keenly interested in the urban markets, where you have small units in these major markets. And we think that it could have a place, but the piece of this is much like the pick-up and delivery service of years gone by. There is a huge logistical component to it. Real estate is part of the solution but its not the entire solution. And were going to have to be very thoughtful. And as I said, keep our options open but yes weve been exploring it and trying to understand what the implications might mean for our core market. Today, it is de minimis, it is insignificant and it is not impacting our business as our results would indicate it.
Jonathan Hughes: Have any of them approached to you maybe try and team up and come up with a solution or?
Spencer Kirk: Were just keeping all options open Jonathan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Adornato with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Paul Adornato: Most of my questions have been answered, but I was wondering if you could share with us perhaps whats on your plate in terms of R&D; whats kind of net out there? And while were on the topic, can you talk about your new mobile app and some of the features there?
Spencer Kirk: So, in terms of R&D, Paul, Im not at liberty to talk about what were cooking in the kitchen, well bring that when were prepared. Mobile, its really interesting. I think on April 21st of this year where Google changed the algorithm, its called Mobilegeddon. I think our team perhaps as much as a year in advance started working on mobile strategy. And the mobile strategy definitely favors those that actually own the real estate, especially when you look at the maps. The Mobilegeddon piece was the algorithmic change at Google, favorite sites that were mobile friendly. And what I can tell is you mobile has become the leading search device that eclipsed desktop and laptop and its a core strategic advantage of this Company. I dont believe that the smaller operators have the resources to throw at the mobile platform what we and the other national storage operators have been able to do. And I think this is once again the internet creating a landscape of the haves and haves not. And that chasm is widening and the rate at which that chasm is widening is accelerating. And I think were in the great position with the other storage REITs, a great time to be a large national operator. 
Paul Adornato: And while were on the topic what is the cut off or did you consider those four or maybe five public operators as large enough or are some of those $1 billion portfolios large enough to enjoy some of these benefits?
Spencer Kirk: It depends on the company and their commitment to technology. Theyre regional players that are very sophisticated and doing a great job, but once again it ultimately comes down to how many dollars you have to spend on your mobile strategy. And size and scale are decided advantage in the allocation.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We do have a follow-up question from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Todd Thomas: With regard to the exclusive you have in managing new acquisitions for strategic, is that an option like a ROFO where you say yes, well manage the property or is it something that as they acquire, youre required to manage those properties regardless of where it is and how close it might be to your existing properties or whether or not its in markets where youre concentrated?
Spencer Kirk: Were going to take them all Todd. And quite frankly the more properties we have in the market, the more power we have in that market. And I would much rather have an asset in close proximity to one of our assets that we control pricing and promotion than having it be in the hands of someone that may not be rational in their behavior.
Todd Thomas: And then just one quick follow-up on the mobile technology. How much of your rental demand is sourced from mobile today and where was that last year?
Spencer Kirk: More than 50% last year was probably 30%. So, the rate of growth is tremendous. And the impact on our business is significant. And were really pleased that were ahead of the path.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. 
Wes Golladay: Sticking with topics such as the structural barriers and Mobilegeddon, are you seeing developers just growing the talent out and what is the development pool like versus the last cycle?
Spencer Kirk: First of all last cycle on average through to mid-2,000s, Wes, it was more than 2,600 properties per year being put into the marketplace. Today depending on whose number you want to use, were 20% 30% of that number. And for us, I think that there is a growing awareness, the smaller operators and would be developers that they have the advantage in the local markets when it comes to connections and maybe getting a deal done but they cannot compete because we are not in the world of yellow pages anymore. Were in the land of digital real estate. And they are recognizing that dont have a sophistication over the dollars to even attempt to compete against the REITs. So yes, I think many, many folks out there are throwing into tail and that that is going to continue to accelerate.
Wes Golladay: And then you mentioned Denver, Dallas have been markets for supply on the horizon but all of these markets are economically full. Would you expect the initial round of supply to be absorbed by the pent up demand or is there any markets that concern you with the first round of supply?
Spencer Kirk: I think there was quite a dearth of supply, Wes, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 and I think that the supply thats been put into those markets is largely fixing the pent up problem. So we feel comfortable with the supply issue for the next couple of years, as Ive said a couple of times today.
Wes Golladay: And then lastly, you guys have a lot good consumer data, the economy appears to be softening a little bit at the margin. Are you seeing anything in your dataset that is at least the yellow flag for you the moment?
Spencer Kirk: Not sir.
Operator: Thank you. I am showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back to CEO, Spencer Kirk, for any further remarks.
Spencer Kirk: We appreciate your interest in Extra Space today and we look forward to next quarters call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-30 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norman - Senior Director, Investor Relations Spencer Kirk - Chief Executive Officer Scott Stubbs - Chief Financial Officer James Overturf - Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer
Analysts: Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Jeff Becker - Bank of America Merrill Lynch George Hoglund - Jefferies R.J. Milligan - Robert W. Baird Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Ryan Burke - Green Street Advisors Jeremy Metz - UBS Ross Nussbaum - UBS Jonathan Hughes - Raymond James
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Extra Space Storage Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, there we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Norman, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Shannon. Welcome to Extra Space Storages second quarter 2015 conference call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Thursday, July 30, 2015. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Jeff. Hello, everyone. For quite sometime I have wondered when our business would go from being great to just really good. Through the first two quarters it continues to be great. We reached a record high occupancy of 94.5%, while producing same-store revenue growth of 9.4%. Year-over-year, NOI grew 12.1%, FFO as adjusted grew 17.2% and we increased our dividend by over 25%. This kind of growth is directly attributable to accretive acquisitions, muted new supply and our ability to source higher value customers online. We have been acquisitive year-to-date we have closed over 350 million in acquisition. In addition last month we announce the definitive merger agreement to acquire SmartStop, the seventh largest storage company in the U.S. or approximately 1.3 billion. The single transaction will add 122 owned stores, 42 managed stores and will increase our footprint by 15%, including this transaction we will likely acquire 1.8 billion in 2015. Customer acquisition on the internet is about size and scale. With these acquisitions in the growth of our third-party management business we will finished that year with over 1,300 stores on the Extra Space platform. The expansion of our physical and digital footprint allowed us to reach more customers than ever before and increases operational efficiencies. As I have said it is a great time to be in storage. Ill now turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Spencer. Last night, we reported FFO of $0.72 per share for the quarter. Excluding costs associated with acquisitions and non-cash interest, FFO as adjusted was $0.75 per share, exceeding the high-end of our guidance by $0.01. The beat was primarily the result of better-than-expected property performance. Our same-store revenue growth was driven by increased occupancy, higher rates to new and existing customers and lower discounts. Some of our standout market in terms of revenue growth includes Atlanta at 11%, Los Angeles and San Francisco at 12%, Orlando at 15%, Sacramento at 16% and Denver at 17%. Our platform continues to maximize results in this favorable operating environment. As Spencer mentioned we've been busy deploying capital, we closed on 31 stores for 262 million in the quarter. Two of which were properties that would purchased upon completion of construction. We also purchased the remaining 1% of the joint venture partners interested in 19 store portfolio for 1.3 million. Subsequent to the end of the quarter we acquired a certificate of occupancy store with the JV partner for 5.4 million. We currently have three operating stores under contract for 27 million these acquisitions should close before the end of the year. In addition, we have another 16 certificate of occupancy stores under contract. The total purchase price of these stores is a $172 million of which $36 million is expected to close in 2015. Additional details related to our C of O deals can be found in our supplemental package thats posted on our website. Last month, we announced the SmartStop acquisition and we completed an equity offering. The offering was well received and we issued 6.3 million shares at $68.15 per share. This resulted in gross proceeds of $431 million. We're well into the process of securing additional debt to fund the balance of the SmartStop acquisition. The financing will include CMBS debt, secured bank loans and draws on our revolving lines of credit. These draws will be turned out in the three to six months following close. The SmartStop acquisition as well as our strong year-to-date results requires to revise our guidance. These adjustments assume an October 1, closing of SmartStop. Our revised full-year FFO guidance is $2.89 to $2.96 per share. Our FFO is adjusted is $2.99 to $3.06 per share, our guidance includes dilution from our certificate of occupancy deals and acquisitions that operate below our portfolio average as well as the additional shares issued in our June offering. I will now turn the time back to Spencer.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you, Scott. Through acquisitions joint ventures and third-party management, we continue to expand our portfolio and consolidate stores under the increasingly potent Extra Space brand. By the end of 2015, we will have closed approximately $4 billion in acquisitions over the last five years and there's still room to grow. Fundamentals of the storage industry continue to be favorable and we are leveraging our scalable platform to maximize revenue NOI and FFO. I am pleased with the outstanding performance of our team, we have driven 19 consecutive quarters of double-digit FFO growth.  Ill now turn the time back to Jeff to start our Q&A.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Spencer. In order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyone's questions, I would ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief and if possible limit it to two. If time allows, we will address follow-on questions once everyone has had an opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that, well start our Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. You may begin.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. So as you almost approach public storages scale and you have been growing pretty quickly. Do you think, youve already comfortable, you maximize the benefits from economies of scale or being bigger and being more present on the web or do you think if there's more to be add, I think get closer to like 2,000 property.
Spencer Kirk: Ki Bin. Its Spencer. We think that there is upside were pleased with our performance. Were pleased with our potency, but the game is far from over and we need to continue to expand our footprint the Internet is about size and scale and were going to continue.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, and just curious. Is there anything else that you guys have changed the pricing strategy or the way you advertise in the web this past couple of quarters that you found to be [indiscernible] a little more use but then it has in the past?
Spencer Kirk: Not a lot of changes in the last two quarters Ki Bin, we continue to refine our models, we continue to refine our approach and we continue to go after the higher value customers.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay that's from me. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Becker with Bank of America. You may begin.
Jeff Becker: Good afternoon. Just I guess talking  I guess a little bit more about Spencer your initial comments that youve been waiting for that turn I guess from great to good. It sounds like were still in the great fees. At the same time were seeing some mixed economic data look what should we be really focused on here going forward the next six months here. As we head into the Fed hike is it just slowly improving economy, the housing market, consumer seems to be mixed here. So what do you think we should focus on? 
Spencer Kirk: There is no one single thing I would ask you to focus on Jeff. The overall health of the U.S. economy is the single biggest determinant for how were going to do, as you look at storage operators they have done well in spite of what I would call a less than robust economy. So for the next 12 to 18 months, I think the two things that we need to underscore again, again and again. Number one, there is very little new supply today and for the foreseeable future that bodes well. Number two, the Internet, old rule is changed, the Internet is not the great equalizer its the great divider and we continue to use it to our advantage.
Jeff Becker: Okay, thank you. And then my second question is can you comment on the cap rates for the 29 assets that you're acquiring?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, the assets that we acquired in the second quarter I would tell you are on the lower end. I mean typically we are looking at year-one cap rates of 6 to 6.5. The forward-looking first-year cap rates for the management fee and we have acquired a portfolio in Dallas it was actually below that, but we feel like there is a fair amount of upside and it should grow from there. There is some lease about set in there, in fact one of them is just opening today.
Jeff Becker: Great. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Jeff.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Hoglund with Jefferies. You may begin.
George Hoglund: Hi, guys. Can you just comment on some of the larger expense growth in certain markets like 8.5% in New York and obviously Atlanta had a 15% expense growth?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, the major areas of our expense growth we see above average is one or two things, you have seen some higher than expected snow removal this year, and then the second one is just property taxes. It depends on when these assets get reassessed so your other one in Atlanta is its a little skewed by a land lease it was basically an increase in the timing of when the land lease expense was reassessed.
George Hoglund: Okay, and then just one thing on the financing front, we are seeing a large SmartStop acquisition coming up, any sort of change in your thought process in terms of potentially at some point adding unsecured bond offering into the mix?
Spencer Kirk: So right now I would tell you our balance sheet is largely investment grade. I think if you look at our ratios and things we are very close. There is a few things keeping us from being rated and right now those issues focus more on covenants as well as across the provisions in unsecured debt. So to date, we are going to operate similar to a rated entity, but right now we do not have any eminent plans to become a rated entity.
George Hoglund: Okay, thanks guys.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks George.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from R.J. Milligan with Baird. You may begin.
R.J. Milligan: Hey, good afternoon guys. Question on your underwriting of the CFO deals, can you talk about maybe how thats changed or different expectations over the past year given the improvement in fundamentals?
Scott Stubbs: So RJ, this is Scott. We actually havent changed your underwriting I think that we still been pretty consistent in how we underwrite these deals. I think that if anything were being surprised on the upside meeting these assets are leasing up quicker than expected, but at the same time that could change. So some of these CFO deals were looking at today, one or two of them are opening in early 2018 now so your problem with becoming more aggressive in the short-term is these assets maybe more of a long-term play. So we pro forma them more with three to four-year lease ups, 36 month lease ups being pretty standard.
R.J. Milligan: Okay, and my second question is on the increased guidance same-store NOI for the year up to about 200 basis points the midpoint. Can you talk about the different drivers of that increase? What was going on in the second quarter that surprised you guys the upside?
Scott Stubbs: The two things that are really been better than we expected. One is our occupancy, our occupancy, we expected to peak it about 94%, 94.5%. The second one is we think  the second part of occupancy as we think it will continue to be strong for the year. We expect our occupancy delta to average 1.5% to 2% and then the second one is discounts, discounts are been significantly below where we originally estimated.
R.J. Milligan: Great. Thanks guys.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks RJ.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley. You may begin.
Vikram Malhotra: Thank you. Just on that occupancy comment, if you would have kind of  if you look at all your assets and break them up into maybe three buckets. What proportion would you say obviously based on every submarket has different peak occupancies, but what proportion would you say its kind of that in your view peak occupancy versus maybe just way below where you think you can really get a lot more gains in the next 12 months?
Scott Stubbs: So I would tell you in terms of number of properties that we think there's a lot of upside on its minimal right now. Most of our properties are above 90% I mean we do have a few that maybe have some functional issues the most of our properties are actually more in the 95% range, we do have few that are full completely 100% full and we have a few that are in the upper 70s just because maybe they're too big or new competitors come in right nearby.
Vikram Malhotra: So it seems like the kind of one in the data since very, very small right now most of them are kind of near or at that biggest level?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, thats correct.
Vikram Malhotra: And then just on the rate growth that you saw it was use of the discounts the price you but if we look forward kind of how sustainable is this you know kind of mid-single digit growth in terms of the overall rent per square foot growth?
Spencer Kirk: As far as how long it goes I think its difficult to say I think supplies going to play into that your other thing is the usage of storage and how your rates compared [indiscernible] apartment rates and things like that the rate per square foot. We have some markets were they approach that but the one thing you do have going for you in storage is it's in frequent transaction. So someone knows what they're supposed to pay in rent because typically they have friends that rent for they know a lot of other renters and so they know what your average rental rate is. But at the same time people don't rent self storage very often. So they typically just end up paying what the marketed.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Vikram.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. You may begin.
Todd Thomas: Yes, hi thanks. Just want to dig in a little further on the scalability of the property type Spencer you mention the importance of growing your digital footprint. I am not suggesting growth for growth's sake but how important is the growth of your digital footprint when it comes to driving core growth and that something that you can quantify or discuss is a pertain decision to buy property how is that factored into the equation when you look at new investments?
Spencer Kirk: Todd it your lucky day we are fortunate to have James over to our Executive VP over marketing and Internet Google with that question over James let him take it.
James Overturf: Hi, Todd I guess just walked by the room at the wrong time here, but it influences our decision is that 30% or 40% decision no, I think its around the edges right now. But thanks the data that we how do you know where were going to be able to have a little better impact on the marketing side with certain acquisitions, we will acquire properties in areas that we currently don't have scale its going to be a little more difficult to you know get those listings up in a quick fashion, but we do know the benefit will be there. If we acquire property like say Los Angeles, Chicago or Dallas the impact is almost immediate. Especially for its a smaller operator we've seen huge upside in terms of their Internet traffic. So it does influence our decision but mostly goes back to the underwriting and the revenue assumptions. We are always have battles in our [RAC] about it being too aggressive or too conservative. I think we've been properly valuing properties, but we do see the Internet being more and more of a factor in terms of customer acquisition going forward and we will look for those opportunities where the small providers can't compete with us and so we will look for those opportunities in the future.
Todd Thomas: Okay and then with regard to SmartStop and that transaction how did you value the third-party management agreement that [indiscernible] as part of that transaction overall. Whats that opportunity like for you?
Spencer Kirk: So we feel like its a big opportunity Todd they have two more funds that are going to be raising money and buying properties. So we and those management contracts are coming our way. In terms of how we value to put a cap on we viewed more is a benefit and so therefore we are maybe willing to pay more aggressive cap rate on the existing assets. We didn't necessarily say is worth X because those management contracts are month-to-month and you know we don't expect them to go anywhere but at the same time we don't put a huge amount of value on that.
Todd Thomas: Okay thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Todd.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. You may begin.
Todd Stender: Hi, thanks. C of O activity continues to astound we see activity you guys are doing especially across the industries as well? Is there a general increase in lenders in the space I wanted to speak how you guys assess who supplying liquidity to developers? How were thinking about increasing your supply of these assets and you guys potentially taking more incremental risk. Just seeing how you are thinking about the front end on the lending side.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, on the lending side I think the lenders are still conservative. A well-capitalized developer is going to be able to get loan, I think the majority of these developers we work with our well-capitalized. We want to make sure that our developers have the ability to absorb losses, if that's required and that they can perform to our standards. So you know I think that lenders are willing to lend. But I don't think they're willing to lend at the rate that is going to cause significant new supply at this time.
Todd Stender: Okay, thanks. Thats helpful, Scott. And just going back to the third-party management again the shift is more towards the C of O deals and not stabilize facilities that you guys manage. But just wanted to get your current thoughts and how you are looking at that potential pipeline to acquire your third-party asset.
Spencer Kirk: So, Todd, its Spencer. Nothing is shifted were very interested in stabilized assets, because you take that stabilized asset put it into our operating platform. And that's where you squeeze a lot of incremental performance out of what we would generally consider an under managed asset. So it hasnt been a shift of the C of O, we like stabilized assets, when we think that the market is wide open for additional operational consolidation. My personal math is if there are 54,000 self storage facilities in the U.S. you could probably knock 30,000 of those out as being too small too old or in the wrong markets for us, you take out another 4,000 to 5,000 for the larger national operators, not still at least some more around 19,000 to 20,000 properties that are wide-open for operational or financial consolidation and we think there's plenty of room to grow on both fronts.
Todd Stender: Great, thanks, Spencer.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from [Neil Macklin] with RBC Capital Markets. You may begin.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, guys, good morning out there. First question is on rent growth and trends you know given that weve seen a pickup in housing velocity vis-a-vis existing home sales, just strength out of that market and that is your number one demand generator at the residential market. And weve seen you know wage pressure kind of pick up recently. Do you think that even the supply make come on and you know 24 months more than it is now, we could see a ramp up still rental rate growth, given that strong correlation with the housing market and you guys performance.
Scott Stubbs: Neil, its Scott. So first of all I think we do see some correlation with the housing market but its not a perfect correlation. I think the thing that is you know has the highest correlation is change. So whether thats a housing or it changes someones personal life you know that's what causing people to rent self storage. They all have a need coming in the door, we think that those needs are going to continue and as long as new supply is low, we think that well have pricing power.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then Spencer I guess this one for you. Talking to some brokers and it seems like in those certain markets like Denver for example, there's like probably 50 or so permits for storage and probably new things only you know 8 to 10 will be actually delivered near-term. Can you explain or help explain why there's a large disconnect between permits and then actually getting approved. I mean I know some fallout just by the nature of the permitting process. But can you maybe give some color on the difficulty or complexity to get a permit from you know start to go to ground break time?
Spencer Kirk: Yes. So there are a lot of factors in there, one of the biggest ones is self storage is not a welcome asset class in most neighborhoods. We dont provide a lot of jobs, we don't collect a lot of tax revenue and most municipalities don't roll out the red carpet, you throw in the cost of land because everybody is trying to develop just not folks that can do storage. If you look at the lending environment probably one of the biggest ones Neil that I have observed is the risk versus reward curve shifted and it's not in favor of the developer. So the local developer has an ability to go out and get the property entitled if they're lucky and get it constructed on budget if they're lucky and then they were left with the questions. Now what do I do? Because I cant take out a yellow page out anymore and Im in no man's land. Oh, I need to align myself with the management company that can drive traffic to this property and Im going to pay management fees and probably going to give up some or all of the tenant insurance. Im going to get to downstream to bunch of other crossing at the end of the day. Im going to make a lot less money than I would've made otherwise. So the return on these investments for these guys trying to go out and get a permit I think there's some hesitation. I think land costs are higher than a lot of people have thought that would be permitting is more difficult. I can tell you I have two cases in California on properties that we have worked on it. It took more than 10 years to get a permit in some prime locations. So this is not easily done in some locations, yes, you're seeing some development come out of the ground inside Denver. Sure, across the country we still maintain an assert that the rate of growth of new supply is still left than the rate of growth of the populations in the U.S. It is a great time to be in Storage.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Neil.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jonathan Hughes with Raymond James. You may begin. Jonathan Hughes, your line is open. Please check your mute button. Our next question is from Ryan Burke with Green Street Advisors. You may begin.
Ryan Burke: Thank you. Scott, you mention the more aggressive cap rate on the SmartStop portfolio, thats the cap rate it certainly comes in below where you typically target your acquisitions on a 6% basis. Can you talk us through your view on what that cap rate was on trailing NOI and SmartStops hands and what becomes year-one in your hand?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, so first of all I think its difficult to comment and what the trailing NOI is because there's some expense differences and how we operate the properties, there is also property tax assumptions that are made. Going forward we can clearly comment on that, we're viewing this is kind of mid-fives cap rate year-one and growing from there as we bought it. I think the one thing that we always consider is worth. What happens is there seems to be a portfolio premium thats applied to any portfolio thats out there especially one of the size. I think this is one of it. If not the largest or I just want to trade hands in some time. And we typically look at that as you end up paying 75 basis points premium to get a portfolio deal done.
Ryan Burke: Okay. Can you talk a little bit about the tenant insurance penetration rate on the portfolio and how that compares to your same-store portfolio?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, so their tenant insurance penetration is lower than ours, significantly lower there closer to 50% penetration and their average rate per policy is a fair amount lower than ours also.
Ryan Burke: Okay. So how long do you think it takes if your same-store balance sheet rate is in the 70% range say, how long does it take to get that out there?
Scott Stubbs: We think it will be one to two years to get it up to our penetration level just because we are not going to bother the existing customers, we're going to do it as these units churn.
Ryan Burke: Sure. Okay, thanks. And one quick one just on the balance sheet. Can you update us on your thoughts on entering into an ATM program and how likely you are to do so and if so how you plan to use it moving forward?
Scott Stubbs: So an ATM is obviously always a board decision, its something that we are in discussions in today, its something that weve talked about in the past quite often. So it's very difficult to comment on their decision there.
Ryan Burke: Okay, thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz with UBS. You may begin.
Jeremy Metz: Hey guys, [indiscernible]. I dont think you guys gave a July update yet so you finished the quarter with occupancy up about 240 basis points. So I was just wondering kind of where occupancy stand today verses last year and same with street rates and then just kind of bigger picture you had realize that growth I mean north of 6%. So I guess can this continue at this high level or should we think about rate growth kind of selling back down to that 45% range here?
Spencer Kirk: Jeremy this is Spencer. For July were not giving specifics what I can tell you occupancy holding, rate for holding and we will have to see have the rest of the year place out, but things are good.
Jeremy Metz: And just so where street rents and versus last year in 2Q?
Spencer Kirk: Kind of in the 7% to 8% up.
Jeremy Metz: Okay and then I think Ross has a question.
Ross Nussbaum: Hi, guys I got two questions. First is on Page 16 of your supplemental when you show in the quarter that rentals were down 1% and vacates were up 1.2%? How should we think about that information obviously differs quite dramatically from what your put up on the same-store revenue occupancy front, but it kind a shows you had more people move in out movement in and how should we think about that data relative to whats on the income statement?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, I think there is a couple things to consider their as you need to look at the rentals we also need to look at the vacates - is vacates were you know depended on what your rentals versus vacates and the difference between them because certain time you know you have significantly more rentals than you have vacates. What we focus on more than rentals and vacates we view that when we look at this we don't look at this just on a three month or six month period. We look at rentals and vacates and see how they compare the past six or seven years on average per property. And then we focus much more on the occupancy of the property.
Ross Nussbaum: Okay. On my second question is to you Spencer which is look at my comp spreadsheet here and I am looking at a $4 billion company the trades at a 6% cap rate? Whats your appetite for public M&A, it seems like your appetite for private M&A at five handle valuations is pretty high. One look at some your smaller peers?
Spencer Kirk: Our appetite really has nothing to do with the public or private Ross. It has lot to do with, it doesn't make sense and is that the right thing for our shareholders. If you look at the public environment there's probably going to be step premium fixed to that kind of transaction and we are rational buyers.
Ross Nussbaum: Okay, appreciate that. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. You may begin.
Ki Bin Kim: Yes, thank you. So let me, Spencer you definitely sound pretty bullish and you have the results to back it up and maybe a little premature. But we are past the halfway year-mark. So looking ahead and  for guidance, but just looking ahead maybe 18 months or so. How should we think about some of your bullish comments that results and how that probably ties in to kind of forward growth rate for your company in terms of same-store organic growth? Because it does seem like towards the end of every year not just you, but all your company start to become little more conservative about the outlook.
Spencer Kirk: So if we look forward I see things, Ki Bin is still being good. I don't know if were going to be operating in the stratosphere. But I can tell you with no new supply and our ascendancy on the Internet. I don't see anything that is disruptive borrowing a black swan event in the next 12 to 18 months. I am bullish and this is an unprecedented market, in which were operating, and were going to take every advantage to maximize the result. My crystal ball is no better than anyone else. But I don't see anything that is likely to disrupt the operating environment in which were currently operating and I think - expect to see really strong results.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thanks for that color. And I mean thats a comment, but I think half of the business actually report maintenance CapEx and just curious if you guys have any thoughts maybe included in that going forward just for comparability sake and Im sure that gets to makes you look better anyway?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, its something well look at its not anything we put out there yet. We have a pretty robust supplemental package, but its something well consider.
Ki Bin Kim: All right. Thank you, guys.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Ki Bin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jonathan Hughes with Raymond James. You may begin.
Jonathan Hughes: Good morning guys. Sorry about the getting cut off earlier, but most of my question have been answered at this point, but I had one follow-up. So how aggressively do you plan to raise rates in the SmartStop portfolio you want close in 4Q. I noticed that the rates are like 20% below [indiscernible] per square foot they dont get there right at the back, but I am just curious that the trajectory is how quickly youll try to narrow that gap?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, well focus mainly on occupancy in the first year, we will try to get their occupancy up to exactly where we are. The only thing I could caution you on as you can just look straight at 20% because they may or may not compete directly with our properties. So well aggressively move the occupancy and then from there we will aggressively move the rates to be inline with our existing stores were in the same markets.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay. Thats it from me, guys. Thanks.
Scott Stubbs: Great, thank you. End of Q&A
Operator: Thank you. I am currently showing no further questions at this time. Id like to turn the call back over to Spencer Kirk for closing remarks.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you everyone for your interest in Extra Space today. We look forward to next quarters call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-30 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norman - Senior Director, IR Spencer Kirk - CEO Scott Stubbs - CFO
Analysts: George Hoglund - Jefferies Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley Jeremy Metz - UBS Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Gaurav Mehta - Cantor Fitzgerald Todd Stender - Wells Fargo R.J. Milligan - Robert W. Baird Dave Bragg - Green Street Advisors Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Extra Space Storage Inc. First Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Jeff Norman, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Ben. Welcome to Extra Space Storages first quarter 2015 conference call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Thursday, April 30, 2015. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer Kirk: Hello, everyone. In our recently released annual report, we told our shareholders that they can expect more from Extra Space. Im pleased to announce that we delivered on that promise in the first quarter. We reached a record high occupancy of 92.5%, while producing same-store revenue growth 8.3%. Year-over-year, NOI grew 11.4% and FFO as adjusted grew 21%, impressive for what has historically been the slowest time of the year. As of today, we have closed on $277 million in acquisitions and we continue to build our national portfolio. It was an excellent quarter for Extra Space and I'm confident in our position heading into the rental season. I'd now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Spencer. Last night, we reported FFO of $0.68 per share for the quarter. Excluding costs associated with acquisitions and non-cash cash interests, FFO as adjusted was $0.69 per share, exceeding the high-end of our guidance by $0.02. The beat was primarily the result of better-than-expected property performance and tenant reinsurance income.  Our same-store revenue growth was driven by increased occupancy and higher street rates. 120 basis points of this increase in revenue came from the change in our same-store pool. Specifically, the addition of our 2013 acquisitions which have performed extremely well. We've been busy deploying capital. We've closed on eight stores for $84 million in the quarter. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we acquired 24 stores for 193 million, which include a portfolio in Dallas. In addition, we have four operating stores under contract for $32 million. These acquisitions should close in the next 90 days. We have another 16 certificate of occupancy stores under contract. The total purchase price of these store is 175 million, of which 58 million is expected to close in 2015. Additional details related to our C of O deals can be found in our supplemental package posted on our website. Based on our strong first quarter results, we've increased our full-year guidance to be $2.90 to $2.98 per share. FFO as adjusted is estimated to be $2.94 to $3.02 per share. Our guidance includes dilution from our certificate of occupancy deals and acquisitions that operate below our portfolio average. Accretion on certain acquisitions will be limited in year one as we bring them up to our performance standards. Our long-term strategy is to leverage our operating expertise and to maximize our shareholder return. I'll now turn the time back to Spencer.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Scott. We continue to invest heavily in our customer acquisition platform and our mobile strategy. This is driving more higher value customers to our stores. The pervasive use of the smartphone and our ability to reach and capture the mobile user has further shifted the competitive landscape in our favour. We continue building our portfolio through acquisitions and the expansion of our third-party management services. Our balance sheet has never been stronger and we continue to execute on our business plan at a very high level. This is evidenced by our 18th consecutive quarter of double-digit FFO growth. So, I will end the way I started by saying our shareholders can expect more from Extra Space. And with that, Id like to turn the time back to Jeff to start our Q&A.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Spencer. In order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyone's questions, I would ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief and if possible limit to two. If time allows, we will address follow-on questions once everyone has had an opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that, we will turn it over to Ben to start our Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of George Hoglund of Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
George Hoglund: Hi, Spencer. Just wondered if you could give an updated view on the overall pipeline for new deliveries in 2015?
Spencer Kirk: Youre talking specifically our C of O or youre talking holistically throughout the whole country?
George Hoglund: Holistically.
Spencer Kirk: No, I continue to maintain that the supply is muted. I personally believe that we are in the hundreds and I think that's going to continue into 2016, George. We are at a fraction of the supply that we saw about 8 or 10 years ago, when I talk to fraction, 20%, 25%, 30% pick a number, but we are at a fraction of that and I think that the muted supply is going to bode well for all storage operators, not only in 2015, but through 2016.
George Hoglund: Okay. And can you talk about some of the cap rates on the deals done and also how you are underwriting the C of O deals in terms of what our stabilised cap rates and what's your assumptions in terms of timing of stabilization?
Scott Stubbs: Yeah. George, this is Scott. Our cap rates have been, what I would tell you, all over the place and what I mean by that is our certificate of occupancy deals obviously don't have any yield at day one. We will do some of those this year, weve done some over the past couple of years. We typically target a cap rate in the low to mid-6s for year one cap rate and some of the acquisitions have been that or better than that and some of them have been lower than that depending on the operator and if we felt like there was upside. So sorry to be general as that, but I think that's really the way we view them and kind of what weve been doing. As far as the overall market, things are competitive still. I think you've seen the REITs be probably the winner of a lot of these acquisitions, if something gets marketed, they typically have the lowest cost of capital and getting the majority of the deals.
George Hoglund: Okay. And then just one last one, just in terms of the third-party management business, how important do you view it as rebranding properties as Extra Space when you bring something onto your platform, I mean because obviously demand, if they get rebranded, I'm just wondering how much of a difference you think it would make if you didn't rebrand it?
Spencer Kirk: George, the difference is huge. When you spend seven figures on a monthly basis trying to build a brand and an awareness, our philosophy is that there needs to be a consistency of experience from cradle to grave and you can only achieve that to the highest and most optimal level with the single brand strategy. There are many ways to operate storage, we just happen to prefer a single brand strategy, it's huge. 
George Hoglund: Thanks guys.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, George.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Vikram Malhotra: Thank you. Just had a question on your thoughts, I mean every year we kind of keep talking about structural occupancy and maybe in some cases moving that up a bit. Just kind of wanted to get a sense of how you are viewing that going into the summer months and was there any impact in your mind either in move-ins or move-outs just from the winter.
Scott Stubbs: Vikram, this is Scott. We actually finished the quarter at record high occupancy from us. So we feel like its going to be good summer. Our internal estimates are we feel like we can top out at just over 94% and we feel like it's going to be a good leasing season. As far as the winter months, I mean clearly it affected people's ability to move in, but it also affected people's ability to move out. So if you look at our net rentals for the first quarter, it was actually a good quarter for us.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay, great. Thanks. And then just a clarification on one of the earlier questions. Assuming that there is, call it, 300, 400 or 500 units out there, what percent of that do you view as kind of competition for your own properties?
Spencer Kirk: That's a great question. With 50,000 plus stores in the US, wed have to break that down into which markets we're talking about, Vikram. And our presence in the market and what that new supply coming at the market, because not all markets are seeing the same surge of supply. There are vastly different starts depending on which municipality you are talking about. So, sorry for the general answer to the specific question, but that would be on a case-by-case basis.
Vikram Malhotra: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Vikram.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Metz of UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, guys, good morning. Obviously had a great start to the year. Just wondering if you can talk a little bit about what you are seeing on the rate side today in terms where you are pushing renewals and in terms of new rents and then also kind of as we look at the portfolio, where are realized rents today versus your in-place leases?
Spencer Kirk: Okay. So let me take a couple of those. Last question first, in-place versus achieved, it's kind of mid-to-high single digits delta. There is a little bit of roll down that depends on the seasonality. Obviously in the slower part of the year it's going to be more and at the peak season is where we're pushing rates. It's going to be less. So we think it's manageable and it has been manageable and we don't think it's a major issue. On the existing customer rate increases, Jeremy, we continue to put out rate increases to about 10% of our existing customers every single month. So that's 65,000 give or take. It's averaging between 9% and 10% and we think it is working well. Then your first question was --
Jeremy Metz: Just about street rents today versus how much higher versus last year.
Spencer Kirk: They are higher and our strategy, just to put a little color on that, Jeremy, has been in the slow season to maintain occupancy and we were the beneficiaries of something where not only did we maintain our occupancy, but we grew our occupancy and we also saw some buoyancy in the rates that we've been able to get because of those occupancy levels. That gives us confidence going into this prime rental season. I think you're going to see us in the summer time on the street rates be able to push things as much as high single digits. And during the year hopefully we will end up somewhere around an overall rate increase of about 5%.
Jeremy Metz: And have you been able to squeeze more on the discounting as well?
Spencer Kirk: Discounts are down, yes.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. And then just one other on maybe for Scott on the acquisition front. Obviously also off to a very strong start here with over 300 million either closed or under contract, just thinking about the guidance of $450 million for the year, just given the activities out already, would you be disappointed if you don't do more than that at this point?
Scott Stubbs: I think our expectation is to be able to meet our guidance of $500 million. Right now our guidance is broken into two components. It's $450 million for outside acquisitions and then $50 million C above deals and we're comfortable with that at this time.
Jeremy Metz: Alright, thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Jeremy. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust Robinson. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you and congrats on a really good quarter. So it seems like obviously business is doing really well and I doubt the entire industry is increasing same-store revenues at 8.3% and I would say versus just market expectations everyone probably assume that we're kind of getting over that camel's hump in terms of the pace and trends in same-store revenue growth. Just curious what have you changed or altered in terms of like the way you advertise in the Internet or mobile or maybe it's a pricing strategy that has allowed you to really push the same-store revenue this high.
Spencer Kirk: Ki Bin, it's Spencer. A couple of things. I think the ascendancy of the mobile device has been something that we foresaw. We invested aggressively and heavily and I think we've been the beneficiary of that early and significant investment. It's a complex world to go after all of the different mobile platforms and devices in ways that people can get to us. And our goal has been, as I said in my opening remarks, to drive more higher value customers to our facilities.  And so to that end, there has been a tremendous effort inside Extra Space to rationalize, harmonize and optimize the call center, revenue management and the interactive marketing departments under one central nervous system so that we can truly produce the highest investor result and I would say it's not one single thing we're doing, it's an execution on a lot of different disparate elements to make sure that we drive as I said, the best value highest value customers to our facilities because every customer is not created equally.
Ki Bin Kim: Would you see the Internet advertising way of doing business as [indiscernible] on that equation versus just purely optimizing pricing day to day?
Scott Stubbs: It's all harmonized, you can't single out any one element, it's got to work together hand-in-hand, you can't have your interactive marketing people working at odds with revenue management and that's been a major initiative over the last two years here at Extra Space is to bring that all into one single department and have one cohesive strategy and it seems to be working.
Ki Bin Kim: And just last one, what percent of your customers are receiving some type of promotion this quarter?
Scott Stubbs: It varied a little bit during the quarter, it was as high as 85% and as low as 69% through the quarter and that's month-by-month. So the majority, call it, three quarters of our new customers coming in the door get some type of promotion, now the type of promotion theyre getting is less than it has been in the past but majority of them are getting a promotion.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Ki Bin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Todd Thomas: Hi, thanks, good afternoon. Just first question, I appreciate the detail on page 20 of the operations of the CofD deals. In terms of the lease up at these sites, obviously it's just four properties in four very different markets but you're getting the occupancy up fairly quickly it seems, where would say rates are at these sites relative to market and what kind of concessions are you offering to new customers?
Scott Stubbs: So in terms of the lease up of the properties, these properties are leasing up quicker than our initial estimates, typically we have estimated three to four years, I mean, I think these are on pace to do more two to three. In terms of rates, I think theyre similar to what we were expecting; we typically entered the market being kind of the low cost provider or the low price option to try to get more than our share of the market to increase our occupancy quicker. And then, in terms of discounts, we are discounting almost every unit coming in the door.
Todd Thomas: Do you have a sense for where, you know how far below market the rates are?
Scott Stubbs: It might be 10%.
Todd Thomas: Okay. And then, we came the disposition in Brooklyn picked up by some local papers I guess, the joint venture asset that was sold at a pretty nice price, are there any other assets in the ventures that you and you partner might look to sell, was there any thought to buying out your partner's interest there or just not at that price?
Scott Stubbs: We have a few assets that we might look to sell, it's more market driven, typically we're of the attitude that we're trying to build the portfolio. We are always interested in, we enjoy partners but were always interested in buying out our partners. This particular asset you're talking about, an outside buyer approached us and offered us a price that was very difficult to refuse.
Todd Thomas: Okay and then just one more. Just thinking about the technology and how the industry has evolved. Looked like in the quarter, you sold some web assets, I think to Storage.com and just curious how that sort of plays into your thoughts and view around the technology for the industry, if you can share some thoughts and maybe some details on that?
Spencer Kirk: Todd, it's Spencer, we continued to invest in digital real estate. The fact of the matter is, our core business is not being an aggregator and we think aggregation has its role for certain assets and certain markets but since its not our core business, we decided to take Storage.com and 15 other domain names, packaged them up and sell them off to a company and my understanding is, they are doing well with those assets and it's their core business and we're focused on what we do best.
Todd Thomas: Okay. Are you able to share any of the terms or economics on the transaction at all?
Spencer Kirk: I apologize, but there is an NDA and I can't.
Todd Thomas: Okay, alright, thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Todd.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gaurav Mehta from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Gaurav Mehta: Thank you, Spencer I want to go back to your comments on Internet, and driving higher value customers for Extra Space. So when you say higher value, is it the rents that the customer is paying, is the average length of stay and how did you find higher value for Extra Space?
Spencer Kirk: It's defined by a lot of things, length of stay would be at the top of the list, and as I've said several times, college kids aren't the highest value customer and why we would spend a lot of money going after them or offering a discount or a promotion defies logic. A customer coming to us in November is likely to have a length of stay that is considerably longer and if you start looking at AUTOPAY, and few of the other things whether they're using a credit card or not, you can pretty well start to figure out that a segmentation of your customer base is probably healthy and will yield a better result than just assuming that the market is one homogenous environment where everybody gets the same discount, they get the same price, they get the same everything. Our goal as I've said many times is to deliver the right customer at the right time with the right concession with appropriate price to maximum the revenue and that's what we've been doing.
Gaurav Mehta: Okay. And my second question is on certificate of occupancy deals, so it seems its growing. For Extra Space last quarter, you had 13, this quarter you have 16. How big is the deal pipeline for Extra Space and how big do you want to  how many properties do you want to have in that pipeline?
Scott Stubbs: Gaurav, this is Scott. Our focus is more on dilution and how much we are going to accept on an annual basis. We targeted kind of 2% to 3% of our annual FFO and so that is more of the governor for us. We are saying, we want to grow, we want to grow this part of the business, we think its healthy, we think that they have good yields, if we can find the right one. But at the same time, we recognized that we dont want to have too much dilution on an annual basis. 
Gaurav Mehta: Okay. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Gaurav.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Todd Stender of Wells Fargo. Your line is open, please go ahead. 
Todd Stender: Hi, thanks guys. Youre entering peak season at arguably very high occupancy. Number one, is this above your expectation? And where I am going with this is that, its high enough where you could actually see occupancy dip a little bit this year because your pricing is on the aggressive side, which ultimately drives revenues that much better.
Spencer Kirk: Obviously, we are pleased with the result. We also think that there is some more upside, Todd, coming into the peak season. We dont think that our pricing is going to cause a dip in occupancy. As we forecast what might happen in the coming months, we are optimistic that not only might there be a couple of hundred basis points left in the occupancy hitting the peak, but a little bit of rate. Our goal once again is to maximize revenue, its not about rate, its not about occupancy, its about maximizing revenue. 
Todd Stender: Hey, thank you Spencer. And then just finally, your deal flow has been excellent, lots of visibility, where the acquisitions are coming from, youve got the biggest third party management platform out there. Where ultimately the deal is coming from? Are those folks calling you up? The folks you are meeting at conferences, are they truly coming from third party management?
Spencer Kirk: All of the above. We are doing outbound efforts, we do take a lot of inbound calls. I think most sellers know that  and all of the rates is a really good place to start because they have got the cost of capital advantage that Scott alluded to earlier. Our management platform continues to be a strategic acquisition pipeline.  And I want to highlight that the portfolio in Dallas we got done subsequent to the end of the quarter happened to be an OP unit transaction. Issuing OP units and selling the benefits of that to perspective sellers has been a competitive advantage and its been the one that we have used successfully for several years now. 
Todd Stender: Thanks, Spencer.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you, Todd.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of R.J. Milligan of Robert W. Baird. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
R.J. Milligan: Thanks. Scott, a question for you in terms of the CFO deals that youre seeing out there. Are you seeing more lenders enter the marketplace looking to make development loans or is that still holding off the new supply?
Scott Stubbs: We feel like its still holding off the new supply. As we talk to banks, we obviously talk to them all the time, I think they are willing to make loans to well-capitalized, individuals that they have loans with or relationships with, but typically the terms arent anywhere near what they were on hay day. They are looking for people to have equity at risk, real equity versus just putting up their land. And so we think it still absolutely as limiting factor in development.
R.J. Milligan: Okay. And then as you guys think about new supply coming online over the next couple of years, which is still expected to be small, do you anticipate bulk of that would be in sort of whats traditionally been the high barrier to entry markets given where rents are or do you expect to see more development outside of the Top 25 MSAs?
Scott Stubbs: I think you will see it both places. I mean, clearly people want to get things done in the top MSAs, but they are tough to get things done there, and its easier to get things done in maybe a more suburban area. 
R.J. Milligan: Okay. Thanks guys.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks R.J.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dave Bragg of Green Street Advisors. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Dave Bragg: Thank you. Good morning. And thank you for the disclosure on the same store pool on page 16, and the question relates to that. It looks as though, there was a 200 basis point benefit to NOI growth in the quarter from the inclusion of new same-store assets as you grow NOI growth there at a tremendous rate above 20% with these newly added assets. But can you reconcile that figure to the 50 basis point estimate that you suggested for the full year on the last conference call?
Scott Stubbs: So on an annual basis, youre going to see that decline. So for instance, during the quarter, you had a 120 basis points of revenue, half of which was occupancy. But you can see in that same table, our ending occupancy at the end of Q1 for both pools is the exact same. And it actually was about the same by mid-year last year.  So youre going to see that benefit go very, very quickly. I think it might be slightly higher than the 50 basis points we originally said, but its not going to be anywhere near the 200 you saw in the quarter or the 120 basis points of revenue.
Dave Bragg: Okay. I dont see that occupancy disclosure, but we will look on a different page for that. So are you saying that the benefit from newly added same-store assets is somewhere around 100 basis points of NOI growth in 2015? Is that a fair estimate?
Scott Stubbs: When we were talking benefit, we were focusing more on the revenue piece and how to plug down. We are assuming the expense benefit would not be there. And I think you will see that even out more throughout the year. As far as the occupancy disclosure, that was a change that was pushed later last night. So if you look at the latest version of the supplemental, it does have the latest occupancy for both pools in it.
Dave Bragg: Okay. Thank you for that. And next question relates to cap rates. In your November NAREIT presentation, you included a chart, it was really just directional in nature, but it suggested that cap rates had stabilized or maybe creeped up a little bit in 2014. Could you just update us on cap rate trends as youve seen them?
Spencer Kirk : I think youre seeing cap rates somewhat have bottomed out. We havent seen a significant tick up but I think that theyve largely bottomed out.
Dave Bragg : Thanks. One more question if I may. Just going back to I think this might tie it to the Storage.com sale, but it appears as though youve gotten on SpareFoot.com, something that you havent really utilized in the past. Can you talk about that decision?
Spencer Kirk: Sure. So, weve had our own internal aggregation business, Storage.com, which weve talked about. Weve been out there competing with SpareFoot and we simply did a test with SpareFoot with certain assets in certain markets to see what it might yield. And as I said just moments ago, Dave, we think aggregation has its role and it can be a tool, but our primary effort is not aggregation, its not relying on a third-party to supply our customers, and were certainly not putting our destiny in the hands of a third-party. We have invested very heavily in our own strategy and I think our results speak for themselves.
Dave Bragg: Thank you. Can you just talk a little bit about the cost to acquire a customer through a form such as SpareFoot versus organically?
Spencer Kirk: It varies depending on what kind of customer youre going after, David. I would say our belief is internally our CPA, cost per acquisition, for a customer is below that of what the aggregators would charge us, which is why we spend the majority of our marketing dollars internally, not externally.
Dave Bragg : Understood, thank you for that.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Michael Salinsky: Hey, good afternoon guys. Spencer or Scott, could you just comment on the amount of total products youre seeing on the market right now, inclusive of third parties as well as your JVs? And of that, how much of that is price sensitive, meaning if they dont get the price, does it pull it off the market versus actively being marketed right now?
Spencer Kirk: I think that what were seeing on the market today is pretty similar to what weve seen in the past in terms of the first quarters. Typically, at the start of the year, its a little bit slower. We have seen some get pulled, but there have been a couple of larger deals, typically they do transact if they go -- especially if its brokered. I mean, something that is more just an enquiry might not transact, but if its brokered, they typically transact.
Michael Salinsky: Okay, thats helpful. And then this is my second question, I mean, three months into the year right now, how do you feel about supply in 2016 and I know youve commented that there is a lack of financing is really driving it, but we had several good years of great growth, weve also seen -- weve also seen assets transact well above replacement cost. How long do you think we have to really start to see maybe private capital or someone else enter the arena to kind of make up for that funding gap?
Spencer Kirk: This is really interesting, Michael, there is an awful lot of talk about development. Trade shows, meeting with people across the country, everybody wants to get on to the self-storage train, because its a great business. I would say, talk is cheap and execution is really tough. Financing is tough, paying up for land thats got to be suitable is tough and one of the biggest things that I am not sure that everybody has calculated into this is, its great to get it build. Once you get it build, how are you going to compete against the REITs? So, youre going to start paying management fees and probably giving up some or all of your tenant insurance and the risk versus return curve has shifted and I dont think its just compelling to do this. So, yeah, there is a lot of activity in New York. Lets talk about the lack of activity in LA and San Francisco, where were talking single digit property counts coming out of the ground. So, for me, 2015, supply is not an issue, 2016, not an issue. Lets get a little closer to 2017 and well see if its going to be impactful. The point I made earlier, Mike, was during the mid-2000s, more than 2,600 properties a year were fed into the market. Today, were at a fraction of that and in 2016, it will still be a fraction and 2017, it will still be a fraction. So, supply is a factor. I just dont believe that the supply chain is going to deliver up product fast enough to have a material impact for the next 18 months and maybe beyond.
Michael Salinsky: Very good color. I appreciate the help. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Ki Bin Kim of Suntrust Robinson Humphrey. Your line is open, please go ahead. Please check to ensure that your line is not on mute. And we appear to have difficulty with Ki Bins line and I am showing no further questions, Id like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Spencer Kirk for any closing remarks. Thank you, Ben. We appreciate your interest in Extra Space today. We look forward to next quarters call. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Have a great rest of your day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norman - Senior Director, Investor Relations Spencer Kirk - Chief Executive Officer Scott Stubbs - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Smedes Rose - Citigroup Ross Nussbaum - UBS Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Ryan Burke - Green Street Advisors George Hoglund - Jefferies & Co. Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets Paula Poskon - D.A. Davidson Jeremy Metz - UBS
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q4 2014 Extra Space Storage Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Mark and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Jeff Norman, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Mark. Welcome to Extra Space Storages fourth quarter 2014 conference call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Friday, February 20, 2015. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer Kirk: Hello everyone. 2014 was another outstanding year for Extra Space. We reached record high occupancies, drove rates, controlled our expenses, and produced exceptional results. For the year, same-store revenue growth was 7.5% and NOI growth was 9.5%. Occupancy ended the year at a record 91.4%, up 190 basis points. Most importantly, FFO as adjusted increased 23.7%. Despite heightened competition for properties on the open market, we closed $531 million in acquisitions during 2014. We are off to a solid start in 2015 with $271 million in stabilized and lease up stores closed or under contract. In addition, we have $56 million in certificate of occupancy stores that will be completed and purchased in 2015. I will now turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Spencer. Last night, we reported FFO of $0.62 per share for the fourth quarter and $2.52 per share for the year. Excluding costs associated with acquisitions, non-cash interest and a loss related to a fire, FFO as adjusted was $0.68 per share for the year and $2.61 per share for the year, which was at the high end of our guidance. We had a busy fourth quarter, acquiring 19 stores for $164 million. Of the 19 stores, 15 were sourced from our third party managed pool. Our relationships with our partners continue to provide an advantage in our acquisitions. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we acquired three stores for $42 million and have 28 stabilized and lease up stores under contract for $229 million for a total of $271 million. These acquisitions should close by the end of the second quarter. Additionally, we have another 13 stores under contract that we will acquire upon receipt of a certificate of occupancy. The total purchase price of the stores is $138 million, of which $56 million is expected to close in 2015. Last night, we provided guidance and annual assumptions for 2015. Our new same store pool will increase by 61 to 503 stores. We expect the change in same-store pool to positively impact our revenue growth, which we will further detail with our Q1 results. Our full-year 2015 FFO guidance is from $2.85 to $2.94 per share. FFO as adjusted is estimated to be $2.89 to $2.98 per share. This includes $0.03 of dilution from our 2014 and 2015 certificate of occupancy acquisitions. Our guidance also includes acquisitions that currently operate below our portfolio average. We anticipate the stores will require time to be brought up to our performance standards. This limits year one accretion and is part of a long term strategy to leverage our operating expertise and to maximize shareholder return. I will now turn the time back to Spencer.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Scott. In 2015, we acknowledge that going up against the comps of 2014 will be difficult. As we have said many times, this level of year over year performance is not realistic to expect, nor is it sustainable. Our results rolled back from the extraordinary to really good. That being said, Im confident of three things. First, this supply will not be an issue in 2015. Second, we will continue to drive higher value customers to our stores and maximize revenue through rate and discount optimization. Third, Extra Space will deliver another year of double-digit FFO growth, an impressive accomplishment in the real estate sector. Lets now turn the time back to Jeff to start the Q&A session.
Jeff Norman: Thank you, Spencer. In order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyones questions, I would ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief and if possible limit it to two. If time allows, we will address follow-on questions once everybody has had an opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that, we will turn it over to Mark to start our Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Todd Thomas from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Todd Thomas: Just first question on acquisitions. I was just wondering what caused the owners of the 15 properties that EXR acquired from third party managers to sell, was this one portfolio or portfolio owned by one individual or entity or was it a number of individual sellers and what was the motivation there.
Spencer Kirk: We had two small portfolios, one with five properties and one with four, both transactions the seller wanted to get done by the end of the year.
Todd Thomas: And then just in terms of funding capacity for these acquisitions sort of what's under contract and what you see in the pipeline here. Balance sheet is in good shape from a leverage standpoint, but you have over $200 million of maturities and the acquisition pipeline left to fund. So what's the plan to handle that throughout the year? And also along those lines, just curious you've commented in the past about migrating toward an investment grade rating, what are your thoughts there?
Spencer Kirk: So our guidance this year of $500 million in acquisitions assumes between $75 million and $100 million of shares being issued. Those would primarily be operating partnership units is our guess. The rest will be funded with debt. As far as refinancing the debt, we dont think that thats going to be a problem at all, its actually CMBS debt, the $200 million of it comes due in August and we will prepay it as soon as June. It's the earliest prepayment window that we have and we estimate we should get a pretty good decrease in rate with that. As far as migrating the balance sheet to more investment grade, our plan this year is to potentially do some unsecured bank debt is really the plan this year.
Todd Thomas: Okay, but in terms of the $200 million of CMBS debt, your expectation is that you'll refinance that?
Spencer Kirk: We will refinance it, correct, bank debt, not CMBS. And it will likely be a combination of secured and unsecured bank debt.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose from Citi.
Smedes Rose: Hi, it's Smedes. It looks like the number of C of O deals is accelerating in your pipeline and I was just wondering do you feel comfortable that you can keep dilution at still to 2% to 3% or are you willing to let that move up a little bit as these deals increase?
Spencer Kirk: We do like C of O deals, we also like being disciplined in that range of 2% to 3% is something that we are going to try and operate in. Were not really interested in having a lot of drag on our earnings going forward. One way that we can address this is with a JV partner to help deal with the dilution, obviously we get the management fees, the tenant insurance, we increase our platform so we get economies of scale and a JV partner is in fact already involved in what we are doing. Weve got three properties with a JV right now. So we are going to manage the dilution.
Smedes Rose: And then you mentioned in 2015 there's no new supply, it's not an issue. But to what year or when do you think it does become more of an issue? It seems like on the last call there was from Public Storage, they mentioned that there is a lot more coming out of the ground maybe than people realize. I'm just curious your thoughts around that.
Spencer Kirk: So there are a lot of opinions on this, I cant speak to the prior call. What I can tell you is as I travel the country and as we go out and clearly our folks in the field, we talk with brokers, we meet with vendors, we talk with developers, we meet with local operators, there is interest in new supply, there is more talk I believe than action. I do believe that supply is coming, but it needs to be kept into perspective. My personal opinion is there might be 300 to 500 properties under construction in the US and that today is not even keeping pace with the population increase. So there is interest, there is a lot of talk, but land prices are higher, the difficulty of getting entitlements is not getting any more favorable and most people that are out there are recognizing that theyre going to have to align themselves with larger operator to compete on the Internet. When you do that, youre going to be paying management fees, giving up some of the tenant insurance income, then the return on that is likely to go down. So its not as compelling. Last point I might add, if you say Public Storage has got $400 million under construction, the other REITs combined maybe have another $400 million under construction, call it $800 million, you might have 100 properties being produced by the REITs. And we are in the best position to capitalize on the return versus risk profile. So I think its muted, well have to see how 2016 and 2017 shape up. But 2015, I dont think its an issue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum from UBS.
Ross Nussbaum: Two questions. First is on the balance sheet. You guys have about $845 million of variable rate debt, which I think is about 35% of your total debt load, which is on the higher side in the REIT industry. Do you guys have any plans to  you talked about doing that bank debt; is the game plan to repay the floating rate debt? Do you have any plans to put some swaps on, term this debt out? Can you talk about that variable rate exposure?
Spencer Kirk: For the end of the year, we finished at 35%, right around 35%. And its actually slightly higher depending on where your lines of credit are. So that the end of the quarter, when we had some lines that were partially drawn, it caused it to be slightly higher. What we are doing today is were looking to  the debt we are putting on, were fixing, whereas we allowed a certain portion to go variable over the last two years and we will fix a large percentage of that going forward or the new loans coming on. So we dont see it going any higher, the percentage of variable rate debt.
Ross Nussbaum: But you're not actively going to push it materially lower?
Spencer Kirk: We will manage it and I dont know that its necessarily going to be materially lower, it probably depends little bit on how you define material. I think its going to be plus or minus 10%, I mean, you might go to 25% variable rate.
Ross Nussbaum: The other question I had is just conceptually on rate growth. I'm wondering in terms of realized rate growth, based on what you're seeing competitively and what potentially the supply pipeline could be as we look maybe a year or 18 months ahead, is it realistic to think that rate growth can get much better than call it the 5%-ish somewhere in the 5%s? And that's kind of where things are going to settle out or is there any reason to believe it can be better than that?
Spencer Kirk: I think that youve seen the last few years be really as good as self-storage is  industry has ever experienced. And the rate growth has been in that 4% to 5% range with some of us experiencing gains in occupancy. So Im not sure its going to get significantly better, especially with new supply coming.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim: Spencer, you talked about this a little bit in the beginning opening remarks, but in regards to your 7% same-store NOI guidance for 2015, how much does the same-store pool changing impact that number?
Spencer Kirk: We dont know exactly yet, Ki Bin. Were going to guesstimate may be 50 basis points.
Ki Bin Kim: And second question, if the market, going back to street rate, if the market doesn't increase, the market rents street rates don't increase this year, let's say it's flat year-over-year, how much embedded rent growth or how much embedded same-store revenue growth can your portfolio produce given the trend in higher street rates we've experienced in the past couple years and the trend in lower promotions? So without any new market rent growth what could the organic growth of this current portfolio be?
Spencer Kirk: For 2015, just kind of maybe giving you a little bit bigger picture, we are estimating rate growth to be 4% to 5% with occupancy being 1.5% and then our existing customer adding maybe another 50 basis points. So if you strip out the 4% to 5%, youre talking 2% growth. But we do anticipate that you will have rate growth in 2015.
Scott Stubbs: One of the interesting things, Ki Bin, is our strategy in the [indiscernible] not be aggressive on rate and actually hold occupancy. If you look at what happened in the fourth quarter, instead of occupancy going down, we did a decent job and as we look at whats happening in the first quarter, occupancy certainly is holding. So we are already seeing some strength in pricing power and although that is a scenario that could play out, Im skeptical that it would. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Ryan Burke from Green Street Advisors.
Ryan Burke: Spencer, I'm curious what impact lower gas prices have on the mindset of the storage consumer? Have you seen any changes in your customers' decision-making patterns and have you made any specific operational adjustments as the price of gas has come down?
Spencer Kirk: No, no and no. So Im not trying to be smart, Ryan, the answer is this. There are numerous demand drivers for self storage. The best thing that I can tell you is overall consumer confidence and overall health of our economy is best for our business, but to selectively drive it down to one single element like gas prices, we cant measure it, we cant track it and we dont know.
Ryan Burke: So likely a positive impact, just extremely difficult, probably impossible to quantify?
Spencer Kirk: Yes.
Ryan Burke: Okay. Second question, you've often talked about the fact that you're building a company, you're not shrinking a company so therefore, dispositions haven't made much sense in the past. Is there a point where cap rates get so low that you become more inclined to sell assets, particularly with the amount of external growth that you have on the pipeline?
Spencer Kirk: This is a difficult question for us so basically because when you think of wholly owned assets, partially owned assets, i.e. JV, and non-owned assets, meaning the managed assets and third party relationships, when you start selling assets that might be wholly owned in a particular market, obviously you are giving up some revenue and income and you might be redeploying it not to your advantage, because you might be selling at 6.5% or 7% and then to having redeployed it something less than that in another market. But the biggest problem for us or challenge rather is the operational efficiency in those markets where we have meaningful mass and momentum. And to further repeat our efficiency and economies of scale by getting out of markets we economically have not figured out how to do that. There may be a few in the periphery, but in the main, because of our unique structure, its difficult to dispose and not have some adverse economic impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Hoglund with Jefferies.
George Hoglund: Just wanted to check on the acquisition environment and check if there's any sort of larger portfolios out there that you guys are seeing?
Spencer Kirk: George, one of the things that I think most of the REITs would talk about is over the course of last several years, theres been a fair amount of acquisition activity. I think weve all done quite well. I think its also important to note that a lot of low hanging fruit has already been plucked. So as we think about large portfolios out there, might be available in 2015, there is talk, there are rumors, but Im not aware of anything substantive today that would cause us to change our guidance.
George Hoglund: And then also in terms of the competitive landscape, are you seeing any change from the smaller competitors in terms of them getting better on terms of an internet marketing perspective or from an operating perspective?
Spencer Kirk: I think they are migrating in terms of sophistication, I will say generally that well, everybody has now got a website up that works in the world of desktop, laptop, the move to mobile has been so rapid that I think once again many of the smaller operators are disadvantaged because they cant create platforms that optimize all of the different mobile applications and hardware platforms out there. And I think thats the large publicly traded REITs that continue to have an advantage as the market continues to evolve on the technology front. It takes a lot of manpower, it takes a lot of resources and I generally dont believe its something that you can just farm out to some smaller less well capitalized group to optimize what is happening with the ascendancy of the mobile device.
George Hoglund: And then just one small little bit, on the $1.7 million of property casualty losses in Q4, can you just provide some color on that?
Spencer Kirk: We had a fire at one of our properties in Venice, California, we are self-insured on a portion of it and that represents the net amount that it will cost us to rebuild a portion of that property.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Stender or Wells Fargo.
Todd Stender: Just to get back to the 13 C of O deals under contract, can you go through the range of IRRs for that group? And can you describe how the return profiles for the three facilities that are going into a JV different from the others?
Scott Stubbs: So the three properties that are going into the JV are ones that we took to our JV partner and had them  were going to take more and more to them, but they were some of the ones that came in a little bit later. We had some already going when we established the joint venture. So those did not go to the joint venture. Going forward, we are taking the majority of those to the JV partner. As far as the range of IRRs and unlevered IRR is going to be high single digits.
Todd Stender: And for you to send or give investment opportunities to the JV, is that an obligation you're under or these just don't fit your return hurdles?
Scott Stubbs: We have a commitment to supply to them a certain amount as far as volume.
Todd Stender: And then just from a bigger picture perspective, what's your appetite for expanding outside of the top 25 MSAs? I guess as you look out over the next couple of years, evaluate acquisition candidates and some of the markets that you just have really steered clear of maybe in the past, how do you think about broadening your universe?
Spencer Kirk: I think our appetite is reasonable. Ive said several times we are not going to get to 2000 properties by being in Los Angeles and New York. We have to get outside of the top 25 MSAs. Top 50 MSAs sounds very appealing to us, I think thats been proven with another company and I think its a strategy that can work well for Extra Space going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Salinsky from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Salinsky: Scott, you went through a good detail on the revenue components there driving that. Can you give us just the same kind of break out of what's driving the pressure on expenses in 2015 relative to 2014?
Scott Stubbs: Our biggest expense increase in 2015 is going to relate primarily to property taxes. In our same store pool, we are budgeting a 5% increase in property taxes and roughly a third of our expenses Q property taxes. So by giving a range that we did, its really property taxes with some lower inflationary increases on payroll and some other items.
Michael Salinsky: Then just as my second question, just going back to the pickup in activity in the fourth quarter and then year-to-date. Has there been any change in underwriting standards? And then, just looking at the growth rates being underwritten in your IRR analysis, 12 to 18 months ago versus currently, has that changed as you progress later in the cycle and you have supply on the horizon?
Scott Stubbs: I think the acquisition market is very competitive today. I think that obviously all the REITs are buying, I think youre seeing other types of capital chasing self storage. Its caused cap rates to come down. We want to be as disciplined as possible and provide the best return to our shareholders and one of the areas weve looked at obviously is certificate of occupancy. The other area weve tried to focus on is assets that are maybe underperforming our current standard today, so maybe a property on average is 75% and we have properties in the same market that are low 90s. Thats something thats interesting to us. And so we might be going to be a little bit more aggressive on a year one cap rate for that property, because in year two, year three, its really going to provide a pop and a benefit to the shareholders. So year one we might be willing to go in with very little accretion, which is something I talked about in my opening comments as far as something we are focusing on.
Michael Salinsky: So just in that note then, what was the going in cap rate on that properties purchased in the fourth quarter and then under contract versus where do you expect those to stabilize?
Scott Stubbs: I think it really varies quite a bit. If you look for instance at 2015, we are targeting a stabilized cap rate on a property thats stabilized our standards of being 6% to 6.5% cap year one. Thats where the management fee and with our expenses. Certificate of occupancy deals are going to be zeros, theyre dilutive actually in year one. We also are looking at a portfolio, a group of properties that might be a 3 to 5 cap in year one, because theyre not stabilized, maybe there are occupancies 30% to 40%, maybe its 70%. So were doing a blend of all of them, so its difficult to really say exactly what the cap rate was on one particular acquisition.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Paul Adornato from BMO Capital Markets.
Paul Adornato: Just wanted to follow-up on, Spencer on your development comments, I think you said that you've thought that there were maybe 300 to 500 storage properties being developed right now in the US with the REITs accounting for about 100 of those. So what's the source of development capital for the rest of those?
Spencer Kirk: Its a variety of sources, its the small local storage operator thats decided that they want to finally expand from 1 to 2 stores, youve got private equity investing in some of these forays into the self storage market. I can specifically pinpoint any one source, all I can say is because of the outperformance of the self storage sector year over year over year, theres been a spotlight on self storage and everybody has an interest in getting into the game. Its just a lot more difficult than most people imagine and their return profile as I spoke to earlier is less favorable than in years gone by. So the 300 to 500 number is my best guess of what will come out of the ground and open in 2015. There might be additional properties that are being contemplated or being worked on or entitled or whatever, but my comment is I just dont see it being a factor in 2015. Its below the natural population increase.
Paul Adornato: Okay. And I guess related to that, how many C of O deals do you see or are shown to you for every one that you do?
Spencer Kirk: Thats hard to quantify, because thats a pretty good screening process, but I would say at least 10 to 15.
Paul Adornato: Okay. So is it fair to say that most of what's being built has been shown to at least one of the big operators?
Spencer Kirk: Not necessarily. I would say in core markets we see a lot of those, maybe in some of the tertiary markets, we dont see everything thats coming to market. But in New York City, I think were aware of a lot or most of them, and in Dallas we see a lot of them, but if you start getting into Wichita, Kansas, places like that, you might not see everything.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paula Poskon of D.A. Davidson.
Paula Poskon: Spencer, you have long said that you thought operational consolidation would lead ownership consolidation and the acquisition activity out of the third party management pool of assets seems to be proving that true. Is that happening in line with the speed of your expectations? Is it happening faster or slower than you thought? And what do you think is the biggest emphasis driving sellers to market? Is it the low cap rates? Is it just the natural generational estate planning? What do you think is the biggest driver?
Spencer Kirk: So being an impatient person, its not going at the rate that I would like, but I have to say in terms of where we are, I think the Extra Space is doing very well. And what I mean is we have produced record results for these third-party customers. And the question that they often ask is if I sell you my asset, where am I possibly going to reinvest to get this kind of return? So theres little reluctance right now. Nonetheless, first generation entrepreneurs getting a little bit older and thinking about a state planning is a primary driver. Number two, our OP unit transactions are compelling, not for everybody, but for a good slot of the population that we have relationships with because it provides tax-deferred transaction, it allows for them to get dividend and it also allows them to hopefully share some appreciation in the stock price. And those three items have spoken very well to a number of operators, but not everyone. So as we look forward, I think that growing our third party management platform goes right back to the strategic reason why we entered into it in the first place and that is its an off-market acquisition pipeline and we proved again in Q4 that it adds real value to our shareholders.
Paula Poskon: And just one final follow-up on the third party platform, how important is it that you maintain your branding strategy? That you insist third party assets coming into your management platform rebrand to the Extra Space?
Spencer Kirk: Thats important, its a key focal point, we reject many opportunities when we have a hot discussion with an owner, who isnt willing to put the CapEx dollars and to bring it up to our standard. And we walk away from far more deals than we actually bring in just because of the desire to have a consistency across wholly owned, partially owned, and non-owned assets. Were trying to build a brand and we try doing for brand standards, but when were not underwriting the check sometimes theres a little push back, but coming in we have set a proper expectation that if youre going to be on our system, there is a standard and we expect you to meet it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Mesbaum of UBS.
Jeremy Metz: Hi guys, it's Jeremy on with Ross. I just had a quick follow-up on the CO deals. I was just wondering what you guys are seeing or at least what is being brought to you whether you're going forward or rejecting it. Are these existing projects that are already shovel ready or are you seeing developers locking up land rights with the hope of a retake out?
Scott Stubbs: Were seeing probably more of the second one there, many of these dont even have the land under contract, its an LOI or its a concept, just to see if its something that works for us, that will bounce it up, occasionally we will see someone bring it to us that its actually entitled and ready to go, but that is actually more of the exception.
Jeremy Metz: And then the only second one, and sorry if I missed this, but just wondering what went on in Colorado? It seemed like you lost close to 600 basis points of occupancy there and saw some revenue declines?
Scott Stubbs: I think in our stabilized properties, I wouldnt say, so Im wondering if its in addition of a managed property or managed pool properties. Well take that offline, Jeremy.
Jeremy Metz: Yes, okay. I know it's a small market. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim: Just a couple quick follow-ups. I know you guys talked about your longer term variable rate debt percentage that you're comfortable with. But that is not just higher in self-storage REITs but kind of all REITs and just given where we are in the interest rate environment why not just take that down to pretty close to zero, excluding the line of credit, right?
Spencer Kirk: We are looking at some, Ki Bin. In fact, we are looking at even doing some forward swaps on some of the stuff thats out two and three years. So were not necessarily looking to be more aggressive, but we do think it is prudent to have some exposure to the variable rate interest market and I think that those who have had exposure over the last few years have won on that one. So we recognize that were likely in a rising interest rate environment, but we do think its prudent to have a combination of both.
Ki Bin Kim: And in terms of the C of O deals, especially the ones that are supposed to be within the JV structure, it seems like you have a 10% equity stake in those deals, smaller dollars and nominally. Do these deals come with a right of first refusal or some kind of contractual clause where you could take that 10% ownership up to 100% at a certain points in time? Because otherwise, why even bother with a 10% equity stake given the size of your company?
Spencer Kirk: We do have rights that allow us to take that from 10% to 100%, but its not time-based, it is basically when we come to that agreement or when our JV partner is looking to move out of this self storage industry or show some returns, so we do have an opportunity to take that to 100% and we agree it is a lot of work for 10% and thats why we have done probably more on balance sheet and less JV.
Ki Bin Kim: And when you say at an agreement is that a market price appraisal based pricing trigger or is it already kind of stipulated today at what kind of multiple you'd be willing to pay as certain cash flow in the future?
Spencer Kirk: Its not based on a multiple or cash flow today, its going to be more market and its more of a buy/sell within a JV thats built into the operating agreement. The other thing that it does for us by doing joint ventures is it also refreshes our portfolio, we are bringing new properties into the portfolio, so from a branding that type of thing it obviously really helps to have new properties in the portfolio.
Operator: I would now like to hand the call over to Spencer Kirk for closing remarks.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you everyone for the interest in Extra Space today. We look forward to the Q2 earnings call. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norman - Senior Director, Investor Relations Spencer Kirk - Chief Executive Officer Scott Stubbs - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Christy McElroy - Citigroup Ryan Burke - Green Street Advisors Vikram Malkotra - Morgan Stanley Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey George Hoglund - Jefferies Jeremy Metz - UBS
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q3 2014 Extra Space Storage Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Shawn and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norman, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jeff Norman - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Shawn. Welcome to Extra Space Storages third quarter 2014 conference call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished un-audited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Thursday, October 30, 2014. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer Kirk - Chief Executive Officer: Hello, everyone. In the third quarter, we saw steady demand and muted supply. These factors contributed to year-over-year increases in achieved rates and occupancy. As a result, revenue increased 7.2%, NOI grew 9.3%, and occupancy increased 100 basis points. FFO as adjusted increased 26.3%. This is on top of growing 24% the year before. This quarter marks 4 years of consecutive quarterly double-digit FFO growth. The climate for self storage remains favorable and I believe that we will experience double-digit FFO growth for many quarters to come. Despite heightened competition for properties on the open market, we continue to grow our portfolio through accretive acquisitions and expansion of our third-party management platform. The relationships with our partners enable us to negotiate mutually beneficial off-market transactions.
Scott Stubbs - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Spence. Last night, we reported FFO of $0.72 per share for the third quarter. Excluding cost associated with acquisitions and non-cash interest, FFO as adjusted was also $0.72 per share. $0.01 of our beat was due to better-than-expected property performance, including tenant insurance. The rest of our beat was due to lower income taxes in our taxable REIT subsidiary. Over the last few years, we have researched the tax structure of our TRS, specifically the concept of paying a royalty to the OPREIT for access to its intellectual property. Charging this type of fee is not uncommon in the insurance industry and can be paid to affiliated companies or third-parties. Recent IRS rulings and expert opinions have given us the necessary comfort to adopt this practice. This change provides the tax benefit for the current year and will provide an ongoing benefit in the years to come. During the quarter, we acquired three properties for $26.7 million in Florida, Georgia and Texas. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we acquired two additional properties for $17.5 million located in Colorado and Georgia. We currently have 11 properties under contract for $108.2 million, which should close by the end of the first quarter of 2015. As of today, we have closed or have under contract $493.2 million. In addition to the $493 million, we have 7 other properties that we will acquire upon completion of construction totaling $69.5 million. These properties are under contract and will open in 2015 and 2016. The sites are located in Arizona, California, Massachusetts, North Carolina and Texas. Two of these properties totaling $21.9 million will be purchased by a joint venture of which Extra Space will have a 10% equity interest. We have revised our full year 2014 FFO guidance to be from $2.54 to $2.57 per share. The increase is primarily due to lower income taxes. These estimates include non-cash interest in acquisition-related costs. Adjusting for these items, FFO is estimated to be from $2.58 to $2.61 for the full year. I will now turn the time back to Spencer.
Spencer Kirk - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Scott. As a management team, our job is to maximize shareholder value. On August 12, we celebrated our 10-year anniversary as a public company. We are now included in the 10-year total return benchmarks with 106 publicly traded REITs. Since that time, our total return to shareholders has been the highest or second highest of any REIT on the NYSE. It is noteworthy that the total returns of all three storage REITs with a 10-year track record rank in the top 15. It has been a great decade for self storage and I am very pleased with the result we have created for our shareholders. Lets turn the time over to Jeff to start the Q&A.
Jeff Norman - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Spencer. In order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyones questions, I would ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief and if possible limit it to two. If time allows, we will address follow-on questions once everyone has had the opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that, we will turn the time over to Shawn to start our Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Christy McElroy of Citigroup. Please proceed.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup: Hi, thanks. When you are buying in these C of O deals, can you talk a little bit about how you think about pricing? And is there a limit to how many you would buy in a given year to limit the dilutive impact, you have been pretty vocal in recent years about not going full on into the development game anymore?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, Christy, this is Scott. As far as the total dilution we are targeting right now its 2% to 3% of your annual FFO. So, we would like to keep it fairly minimal, but also participate as far as how we underwrite them and what kind of returns we are looking for. It really depends a little bit on the market and the property, but its usually anywhere between 150 and 250 basis points over what a stabilized property would go for today.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup: Okay, go ahead.
Spencer Kirk: And on our prior call, Christy, we talked about that as the management team we have targeted 2% to 3% of our FFO as the target for dilution that we would be willing to accept. Now, that target may move, but with these C of O opportunities that are present in the selves, we have set a target to make sure that we deliver the earnings that the Street is expecting without massive dilution. We have been down that road before.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup: Right. As you continue to gain scale, how do you think about your property management platform today from a profitability perspective? Is it still just sort of a future source for acquisitions and a source of incremental tenant insurance revenues or is it a profitable business?
Spencer Kirk: It is a profitable business, Christy. You hit the key point on the head and that is it becomes a proprietary off-market acquisition pipeline. Thats why we are doing this. Secondarily, obviously we could like management fees to that point depending on where you put a property into the system. If you put a single property into Los Angeles, for instance, thats a very profitable proposition for us. When you go to places where we dont have the same kind of density, its still profitable, but maybe not the same degree. Tenant insurance obviously works very well and not to be missed with 270 something properties that has provided us a much bigger footprint in the world of digital real estate with Internet searches and dollars that we can allocate to pay-per-click advertising on the Internet. So, the scale is of great benefit. And I think oftentimes thats overlooked.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup: Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you, Christy.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Burke of Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Ryan Burke - Green Street Advisors: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the color on development versus acquisition yields. Are you able to generalize that dynamic on a dollar per square foot basis? So, where are you acquiring these C of O deals on a dollar per square foot basis relative where you could acquire stabilized acquisitions in a given market?
Spencer Kirk: We havent been heavily focused on that, Ryan, for the reason that we feel like when we are buying certificate of occupancy deals, you are effectively eliminating two of the three risks associated with the property, you are eliminating the construction risk, you are eliminating the entitlement risk and we are taking on the lease up risk, which we feel like is acceptable and is something we are good at, something that we can minimize, but we havent necessarily looked at it in terms of cost per square foot.
Ryan Burke - Green Street Advisors: Okay, thank you. Separate question, Scott on the tax benefit, I just want to clarify one point that I believe in your prepared remarks and that is that if you offered tenant insurance to a third party provider instead of doing it in-house, would you have been able to put this tax structure in place?
Scott Stubbs: Its a little different. We are viewing it more from a taxable REIT subsidiary in the tenant insurance company that we do own as a fee that the company has to pay in order to have access to the intellectual property, the customer base similar to what is being offered to other self storage companies where those tenant insurance companies are paying a similar fee. So I am not sure if that clarifies it or not, Ryan.
Ryan Burke - Green Street Advisors: So, I will circle back working on that. And third question and we will jump back in line. There has been some news on a fire at your Venice Beach property and I dont want to shine a light on an unfortunate event, but if you could just talk to us generally about how the tenant insurance process goes into play in a scenario like this?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, so the tenant insurance process, obviously we have to go through the process of them coming in, seeing if there is a total loss. We then work with the adjusters, they make the claim through Beecher Carlson or management and they handle the claims typically if its total loss it would just be paid out immediately. Those losses we accept some of the risk upfront, so we will have a loss associated with this fire.
Ryan Burke - Green Street Advisors: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: One of the reasons why we feel like its a good thing for our customers to have insurance either through us or through the homeowners.
Ryan Burke - Green Street Advisors: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question we have comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Vikram Malkotra - Morgan Stanley: Occupancies today, how are you thinking about seasonal trends going into 4Q. And just associated with that you had a very nice pop in rent growth, can you maybe give us a sense of was there any specific area that kind of gave you that bump up in rents this quarter?
Spencer Kirk: So from a rent perspective if you look at where our growth is coming from, year-to-date you have had 1.7 come from occupancy. The rest is really coming from rates, those rates then breakdown into increases in street rates, increases to existing customers and increases due to discount savings. So 1.7% comes from occupancy growth, 4.5% comes from increases in street rates. And then the rest is coming through increases to existing customers and decreases in discounts.
Vikram Malkotra - Morgan Stanley: And then as you think about a going into 4Q just kind of interplay between occupancy and rents, can you give us the sense of how you expect the seasonal trends to move?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, we expect to keep our prices lower in the fourth quarter. So we were quite aggressive in the summer months when we peaked out in occupancy. We expect to be less aggressive in the fall and winter in order to maintain occupancy so that we can push rates again in the summer.
Vikram Malkotra - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks guys.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Vikram.
Operator: Thank you. The next question we have comes from the line of Todd Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, thanks. Question for Spencer, I was just wondering if you could just talk about the landscape for new supply today, maybe just give us an update on what you are seeing for the year ahead from a broader industry perspective and whether your view is changed at all since the last update?
Spencer Kirk: Great question, Todd, I would say on the periphery, my view has changed from the last call. I am still of the opinion that the new supply coming into the market may be keeping pace with the population increase in the country. One of the revelations that has come I hear a lot of noise about new developments coming out of the ground, but one of the revelations for me has been we have multiple parties often times claiming they have got a parcel under a contract and it happens to be the same parcel. So trying to weed through the noise on this has been problematic. I talk to a lot of folks in the industry. Obviously, with the performance of self storage everybody wants to get in but land prices are very high, nothing has changed there. The ability to get financing has not improved appreciably. And at the end of the day Todd, if you are going to compete and pull the value out of that significant investment you are probably going to have line yourself with somebody they can drive the result with the internet. And that means you are probably going to be paying a management fee and giving up some or all of the tenant insurance. So my outlook for 2015, there will be some supply I dont think its going to be massive and I dont think its going to affect our ability to deliver a decent result in 2015 as well.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then as you think about your investments sort of going forward your deal flow for 15 and maybe even 16, we have seen more C of O deals and less operating properties, do you think that that comp positions skews even further towards development in C of O deals?
Spencer Kirk: Not necessarily, I can tell you over the last 4.5 years, we have done $2.06 billion worth of acquisitions, acquisitions tend to be lumpy and I wont drop or extrapolate the lumpiness of acquisitions and the opportunity of C of O deals into any meaningful trend just yet. I think its premature.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And if I can just sync one more in for Scott on the tax expense savings, so you mentioned that whether it will be an ongoing expense savings here, guidance implies about $1.5 million of incremental tax expense in the fourth quarter is that sort of the right run rate to think that going forward, so about $6 million per year or will be more chunkier or volatile in nature on a quarterly basis?
Scott Stubbs: That is the guidance for this year, it could potentially get slightly better in the future, we will just update guidance with our annual guidance this year. I would tell you just to look to our guidance for that number.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay.
Scott Stubbs: It could be slightly better next year.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Todd.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky of RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Hi. Scott, just going back to the last question, just thinking about the solar tax credits you are kind of in the  several years in the program and why would that, what could potentially bring that down next year from the run rate of the fourth quarter? I mean is there a potential to get more solar tax credits or what will be the driver that actually pull down is your last comment there?
Scott Stubbs: Solar taxes are coming down, so solar taxes will actually go away by the end of 2016, the benefit from solar tax. This benefit is actually a royalty fee charged between the OPREIT and TRS, so this is something completely different than solar.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: So as you grow the third party management business you would be able charge more royalties and it would actually take your tax expense down, I am just trying to understand the dynamics of that?
Scott Stubbs: So effectively you are charging a royalty between the insurance company and the OPREIT thus reducing income in the insurance company and reducing your tax expense.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Then just my follow-up, Spencer you talked about supply and people owning multiple parcels, are there markets right now that you kind of put on hold, you are just looking at supply coming online anything that concerns you, just from a market standpoint?
Spencer Kirk: By the way my comment Mike was people claiming to have under contract the same parcel which obviously is not possible. So just small semantic detail there, with regards to markets I will tell you there seems to be a huge amount of interest on the greater Metro New York area. I could also say the same for the core markets in Texas. And it comes back to the statement that we have made many, many times. Look I have to look at the micro market, generally a 3 mile ring around the property that is being proposed to ascertain whether you have got parcel that is going to be make sense or perhaps might not make as much sense, lot of markets claim to be over built and you might find a pocket within that market that is unreserved. So that would make a great deal of sense. So this is on a case-by-case basis, but I will tell you, Texas and New York are the two that we are a bit more cautious in our analysis because of the level of interest that has been generated to put new product into those markets.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks guys. I appreciate the color.
Spencer Kirk: Its fine.
Operator: Thank you. The next question we have comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. Just wanted to ask a couple of questions regarding your pricing strategy and some trends that you have been noticing, could you just provide the street rates that you experienced in the third quarter and maybe the promotions on the delta year-over-year?
Spencer Kirk: So, without getting into specifics for exact times, Ki Bin, I would tell you that during the summer months we saw our street rates 7% to 8% up and then also towards the end of the quarter, they were probably more like 2% to 3% up. Its obviously at a point in time, but I wouldnt necessarily focus just on street rates. I think that you need to also take into account your discounts being down which they were. We saw them go down into high single-digit decreases. And then in addition to that, you also have to look at the discount being offered on the Internet and what percentages closing at that lower rate too.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And my follow-up is that I think last year heading into the winter, you guys proactively decreased street rates year-over-year and the reasoning was that, that winter customer was of higher value longer term. Just curious how thats turning out, is it turning out to be, I know its a small dataset, but turning out true. And what is the decision to maybe decrease street rates a little bit couple of months in advance of what you did last year, because it seems like last year you did that in the winter and now you are doing a little bit in the fall, just curious whats being behind that?
Spencer Kirk: Its actually been a pretty similar philosophy. I think that give or take a month or so here, but I think that we have been pretty consistent in decreasing them in the fall and then keeping them flat in the winter effectively. We do see the benefit from these customers and we have seen our average length of stay increase.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Ki Bin.
Operator: Thank you. The next question we have comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya of Jefferies. Please proceed.
George Hoglund - Jefferies: Yes, hi, this is actually George. One question on the tenant insurance just wondering sort of on the new leases or new tenants that are coming in, what is the overall participation rate?
Spencer Kirk: George, its Spencer. New customers coming in were over 90% and for existing customers were north of 70%.
George Hoglund - Jefferies: Okay. And do you have sort of an update on how high do you think for the overall portfolio that can get to?
Spencer Kirk: I think we are starting to top out. There might be some incremental gains, George, on this, but when you consider that you have people storing automobiles or you have the small contractor with their own property and casualty policy. This is one of those things that I think we have done a really good job and I wont bake in a lot more at this point.
George Hoglund - Jefferies: And on the occupancy front, since you guys are focusing on keeping higher occupancy in the winter, so what can we expect sort of on a year-over-year basis do you think for maybe like 1Q 15?
Scott Stubbs: I think year-over-year we could potentially see them go another 50 to 100 basis points higher than they did this year.
George Hoglund - Jefferies: Okay. Alright, thanks guys.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, George.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) The next question we have comes from Ross Nussbaum of UBS. Please proceed.
Jeremy Metz - UBS: Hey, good morning. Jeremy Metz here with Ross. I just want to quickly go back on the C of O deals, I mean, you have been pretty adamant in the past that you are out of the development business, so while you are not necessarily taking on the entitlement development risk here, I am just wondering what gives you the confidence in taking on the multi-year leasing risk again?
Spencer Kirk: Okay. Jeremy, its Spencer. There are three risks that you take when you try to pull a property out of the ground. One is entitlement risk, the second is construction risk, and the third is lease up risk. So by effectively doing the C of O deal, we have hyped off what I would consider two of the more risky elements of bringing a new property into the market. What I think Extra Space has become really good at is driving traffic to a property. I have confidence in our Internet marketing prowess. I have confidence in our operational team to capture those rentals when they walk through the door. And with that on our national platform, I think its a reasonable risk to take and its something quite frankly that the small guy cant compete in that arena and we have a symbiotic relationship or the small developer does what they do best and we do what we do best and we replicate it again and again.
Jeremy Metz - UBS: Okay, so no real change in thinking though towards more ground-up development done at this point?
Spencer Kirk: No, we are out of development.
Jeremy Metz - UBS: And so I guess then if you have that confidence in the leasing, why the decision to be just 10% minority partner with no real control on these?
Spencer Kirk: On an earlier call I have talked about keeping dilution of our FFO to 2% to 3% and a JV partner allows us to operate the asset to have a nice take out when they decide to liquidate their position and keep us within the bounds of what we have wanted to do and that has maximized shareholder value by driving the highest and best result on FFO growth quarter in, quarter out.
Jeremy Metz - UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Sir we have no further questions at this time. (Operator Instructions)
Spencer Kirk - Chief Executive Officer: Ladies and gentlemen, we appreciate your interest in Extra Space. We look forward to next quarters call. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Clint Halverson  VP, IR Spencer Kirk  CEO Scott Stubbs  EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Christy McElroy  Citigroup Todd Thomas  Keybanc Capital Markets Vikram Malhotra  Morgan Stanley Ki Bin Kim  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey David Toti  Cantor Fitzgerald Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Todd Stender  Wells Fargo Tayo Okusanya  Jefferies & Company Dave Bragg  Green Street Advisors Ki Bin Kim  SunTrust Robinson Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2014 Extra Space Storage Earnings Conference Call. My name is Denise and Ill be the operator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now turn the conference over to Mr. Clint Halverson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Clint Halverson: Thank you, Denise. Welcome everyone to Extra Space Storages second quarter 2014 conference call. In addition to our press release, weve furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Thursday, July 31, 2014. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. With that, Id now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer Kirk: Good afternoon, everyone. We started the year with record high occupancies. And the question was asked, how hard can Extra Space push street rates? Well, street rates were up nearly 5% on average for the quarter. On top of this strong rate increases, discounts decreased by an average of 18% and aided by limited new supply occupancies still climb to 160 basis points to 92.4%. These factors contributed to NOI growth of 9.9% for the quarter and FFO year-over-year growth of 26%. In addition, we raised the dividends 17.5%. It was another solid result for Extra Space. Now, Id like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Spencer. Last night, we reported FFO of $0.63 per share for the second quarter. Adjusting for non-cash interest and acquisition related cost, FFO was $0.64 per share. We outperformed our guidance due to better than expected property performance and tenant insurance results. At the start of this year, we added 99 properties to our same store pool bringing the total to 443 properties. Ninety of these properties were acquisitions and nine came from our legacy development pipeline. This change in our same store pool added 75 basis points to our revenue growth for the quarter. The acquisition environment has becoming increasingly more competitive. Were committed to remaining disciplined in our approach to build a long-term value for our shareholders and during the quarter, we acquired eight properties for $91.2 million. We currently have five properties under contract for $41.4 million which should close by the end of the third quarter. As of today, we have closed or have under contract $382.3 million. Included in our year-to-date totals are two ground up development properties that we acquired upon completion in Q1. In addition, we have three more development properties under contract that we will acquire upon their completion in 2015 and 2016. We revised our full year 2014 FFO guidance to be from $2.42 to $2.50 per share. These estimates include non-cash interest and acquisition related cost. When adjusting for these items, FFO is estimated to be from $2.46 to $2.54 for the full year. Ill now turn the time back to Spencer.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Scott. August 12th will mark 10 years for Extra Space as public company. That has been an excellent run. We went public with 136 locations and today we have nearly 1,100. I want to take a moment to thank our investors, our management team and most importantly our employees. Its a great time to be in storage. With the distinct on the Internet when it comes to customer acquisition and with muted supply, we see continued opportunity for double-digit FFO growth. Our job as the management team is to increase FFO and enhance shareholder value. This quarters 26% FFO growth marks 15 consecutive quarters of double-digit gains. Now, lets turn the call over to Clint to start the Q&A session.
Clint Halverson: Thank you, Spencer. As in the past, in order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyones questions, Id ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief and if possible limit it to two. If time allows, well address follow on questions once everyone has had an opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that, we will turn it over to Denise to start our Q&A session.
Operator: (Operator instruction) Our first question comes from the Christy McElroy with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Christy McElroy  Citigroup: Hi, good afternoon everyone. Spencer, I just want to follow up on your comment on street rents. Can you discuss some of the customer behavior that youre seeing when you change the rate and what your pushing rents sort of at the street level? And are you pushing those rents with the idea that youd sort of still like to push occupancy further to your holding back a little bit? Or are you kind of happy with this level of occupancy such that youre pushing rents as much as you can just to maintain occupancy?
Spencer Kirk: Christy, great question. Philosophically, what were trying to do is maximize revenue. We obviously like where the occupancy is. I dont know how much higher you could go in a peak season. We feel this quarter we have pushed rates as much as reasonable and rational. We are coming into the shoulder season. And we need to recognize that holding on to our occupancy gains is going to be a primary focal point for us. To maybe to put a little color into it, I can tell you with at the end of June, the rates were up just about 7%. So as we started at the beginning of the year, we were holding the rates down to build occupancy. As we came into a busy season, we pushed rates hard and we also got 160 basis points of occupancy gain and this will come full cycle as we come into the latter half of this year where were going to maybe moderate some of the push for rate to maintain the occupancy.
Christy McElroy  Citigroup: You are 5% on average for the quarter and 7% at the end of June?
Spencer Kirk: Correct.
Christy McElroy  Citigroup: Okay, got you. And then Spencer, I wonder if you could provide your thoughts on the potential threat of the aggregators especially given  as a company, youve been somewhat vocal on the topic. Do you see Google entering the game anytime soon? And what could be the potential implication to a pricing power?
Spencer Kirk: Its an excellent question. First of all, if you look at the aggregators in the space they play a roll. For Extra Space, I can tell you that our cost per acquisition, the CPA using an aggregator is considerably higher than our own internal cost per acquisition. So we do not use other aggregators to drive our business. Google has entered other business sectors. They very well could enter the storage sector. Obviously, that would change many of the rules. But if Google becomes the source, what we would do is tell Google, the profile of the customer we want them to go after. Hence, my statement many, many times the single most valuable asset this company owns is now its data. And with that data I think working with a company like Google, we would still probably be in a preferential position because we would have the knowledge to direct Google specifically to the higher value customers that would fit best with what were doing.
Christy McElroy  Citigroup: Thats helpful. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you, Christy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Thomas with Keybanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Todd Thomas  Keybanc Capital Markets: Hi, thanks, good afternoon. Just a question on acquisitions. I know $500 million of deal is still a big number for the year, but I think its been a little while since weve gone two quarters now without there being some upper pressure on deal volumes and around your guidance. So Im just curious whether something has changed with regard to your underwriting criteria, the quality or pricing of the deals in the market maybe sell our expectation. So it just appears that the investment environment has slowed somewhat.
Scott Stubbs: Todd, this is Scott. We have seen the environment and get very competitive. I mean its not just before REITs, youre seeing a lot of other money chasing the deals that are out there. So pricing has gotten very competitive as weve gone through. And then our guidance, were still comfortable with the $500 million. One thing that did change is its pushed more toward the end of the year. And the cap rates have moderated somewhat. We would tell you the cap rates have come down, some even since we gave our initial guidance to begin the year.
Todd Thomas  Keybanc Capital Markets: How much of car rates come down versus your initial guidance?
Scott Stubbs: Probably 25 basis points.
Todd Thomas  Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then looking ahead for EXR, do you see acquisition activity continuing to move away from stabilized property to more of the use of C of O type deals. I mean is that something that we should expect to continue to see grow in size within the pipeline as youre sort of thinking about it?
Scott Stubbs: We continue to look at these deals. I mean we bought one last year. We bought two in the first quarter of this year. We have a few more under contract that are slated more for 2015 and 2016. Well continue to look at those. Were trying to balance the growth in those properties with also the dilution that comes with those. I mean one of the things we would consider if it gets too big to look to a JV partner, something of the sort.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, Todd, this is Spencer. The only additional color I might give you is I think youll still see Extra Space participating in the open market acquisition environment as well as what I call the off market where weve got the JV and the managed assets that have provided meaningful growth for our company over the last several years. Youre going to also see more opportunities for these C of O deals pop up. To expect that there will be no new supply forever in this space is not reasonable. And I think what were seeing is that there is some supply coming. Its muted, greatly muted at this point. But I think that most of those that would be developed  would be developers are acknowledging that the landscape for leasing up and operating that property that they helped to build has changed and they need to align themselves with a larger, more sophisticated organization. And so I think youll see continued acquisition opportunities augmented with some of these C of O deals coming to provide another growth channel. So Im actually quite optimistic that this gives us some new brand spank in new properties into our system that will complement the existing assets that are fully stabilized that we hope to use to grow the platform.
Todd Thomas  Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. And thats C of O, yes, the plan is that Extra Space takes over 100% of the ownership?
Scott Stubbs: That is the plan right now. The ones weve done to date have been 100%  again, we would potentially look to a JV as the volume increases. Where we buy the developer out with a JV partner, not necessarily JV-ing with the developer.
Todd Thomas  Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Todd.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Vikram Malhotra  Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Could you give us a breakout of the price increase that you saw, the 5% price increase between street rate and existing customers?
Scott Stubbs: Im not sure Im following the question. Youre talking the 5%  so when we say 5%, our street rates were up on average 5%.
Vikram Malhotra  Morgan Stanley: Sorry, I didnt mean  I meant the overall price increase. Could you just break that down into the different components?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Our revenue growth has grown from several different components. One is the occupancy. Year-to-date, its roughly 2% of our growth has come from that occupancy increase. About 4% has come from pricing. About 0.5% to 1% has come from discounts and then another 0.5% has come from existing customer rate increases.
Vikram Malhotra  Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then just on the web based  for the Internet based pricing, was there anything that changed this quarter in terms of the overall strategy, meaning  I know youve talked in the past about targeting customers even more. But was there anything changed on the web in terms of just pricing more granularly which may have [ph] pricing a bit but also could that help in sustaining a relatively higher level of pricing in the off season?
Scott Stubbs: We have not had any significant changes in this quarter to our web strategy.
Vikram Malhotra  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust Robinson. Please proceed.
Ki Bin Kim  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks. So similar to the kind of breakdown you gave just a second ago on same-store revenue growth, could you do a similar exercise for maybe what you expect in the second half of the year? And part of that reason why I ask this question is because mathematically, it seems like your same-store NOI guidance is on the surface coming down for the second half and possibly why your stock is right the way [ph] it is today?
Scott Stubbs: Yes, absolutely. So the two components that would change from what I gave just a minute ago, we view pricing as staying pretty similar. Our rate increases to our existing customers is very similar. The occupancy delta will go down. Right now, it has been  for the first half of the year closer to 2%. Right now its closer to 1.5% and we see that dropping. And second of all, our discount, while its been closer to 1%, we see that going closer to 0.5% as far as the total add.
Ki Bin Kim  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And so I guess at the end of the year your occupancy benefit should be maybe closer to 1%?
Scott Stubbs: Correct. So we see it for the  correct. Youre absolutely right. It started at just over 2%, dropping to 1% at the end of the year.
Ki Bin Kim  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay.
Scott Stubbs: Oh, 1.5% average for the year.
Ki Bin Kim  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. All right, thats it for me. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Toti with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed.
David Toti  Cantor Fitzgerald: Hey, guys.
Spencer Kirk: Hey, David.
Scott Stubbs: Hi, David.
David Toti  Cantor Fitzgerald: I want to go back to the development topic a little bit because of this has been an interesting evolution for the company. Hard core developer to no development to acquiring C of O sort of off balance sheet mitigating risk, how are you underwriting these yields [ph] today that would be differently than saying how you were underwriting in 2006? And I guess secondly, can we expect an evolution further closer to your historical franchise?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. I would tell you not to look for us to get into full scale development. I dont see that changing. I think weve said it throughout the whole downturn and into today. Weve been pretty consistent in saying we dont want to do development. The beauty of this is it enables us to add new properties to our pipeline. Many of our properties  as time goes by, properties age. So this enables us to bring new product in. As far as underwriting them, we feel like any time you do a development property, you have entitlement, construction risk and lease-up risk. By doing it the way were doing it, you eliminate two of those three risks. The only risk we really have is lease-up risk. So as we underwrite them, I would say your typical yield is going to be 1.5  150 to 250 basis points. Your cap rate is going to be 150, 200 basis points higher.
David Toti  Cantor Fitzgerald: So I guess more specifically, what kind of stabilized yields are you looking for and what type of lease-up timeline are you looking at in those specific deals today?
Scott Stubbs: So lease-up yield, when weve 
David Toti  Cantor Fitzgerald: Just to get [indiscernible].
Scott Stubbs: Yes. When weve underwritten these, weve tried to go with our historical average lease-up. So theyre usually three to five years, kind of depending on where they are, the density and the size of the property. So were not necessarily projecting todays lease-up because if youll open something today, I think its going to lease up very quickly. But many of these arent going to be open for a year or two, so weve tried to be pretty middle of the road on our estimates for lease-up. Then as far as stabilized yield, I think its  we are eventually going to get to the cap rates where they are today. So if somethings trading at a 6.5 cap today, were saying its a 6.5 cap deal at 150 to 250 basis points to that.
David Toti  Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay, thats helpful. And then I have a kind of a weird question which I never thought Id ask on a call. Are there any assets or markets where youre seeing such high occupancy levels that youre actually pushing rates so aggressively as to induce move-out and more turn?
Spencer Kirk: Its a great question. I would say on the margin, David, if I could use an example, I think Seattle might be a reasonable place to say weve had some really strong success up there. We dont like to push out customers. What we dont want to do is push so hard that the customer that has been with you for several years who has had multiple existing customer rate increases walks out the door. So its not so much trading vacancy at the frontend. Its with your existing customers where youd be pushing the rate to create the vacancy. I dont know if that helps.
David Toti  Cantor Fitzgerald: Yes. I guess maybe said another way, is there  do you see a point where theres going to be served markets where the street rate is going to be so much higher than a lot of your in place that you wont be afraid to potentially dislodge that longer term customer?
Spencer Kirk: I cant foresee that. Anythings possible. But I think were on a revenue management system working pretty well in a coordinated fashion to make sure that the street rate and the existing customer rates are where they need to be to optimize revenue not only at a snapshot in time but over a protracted period.
Scott Stubbs: And today, we really havent seen a site where street rates grew so fast that they outpaced existing customer rate increases.
David Toti  Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay, great. Thanks for the detail.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital. Please proceed.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital: Thats an interest one. Hey, guys.
Spencer Kirk: Hi, Michael.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital: First question. You gave some color on acquisitions. You said cap rates are down about 25 basis points on a year-to-date. Are you seeing the underlying IRRs change? Meaning, is gross keeping pace to support that cap rate compression or are people just being more aggressive in terms of bidding?
Scott Stubbs: We are seeing people being more aggressive in bidding. And again, it goes to their assumptions on their growth rates. And we dont know what those are. We havent necessarily changed ours.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital: Okay. Second of all, as you think about C of O buyouts, theyre obviously being 15, 16, we have a couple coming on [ph], what level of dilution are you comfortable taking on in a short-term for that long-term? I mean how are you thinking about managing that process?
Scott Stubbs: I think overall, Michael, if you looked at it in terms of were willing to take 2% or 3% dilution to potentially have bigger growth in the future and to refresh the portfolio.
Spencer Kirk: Yes. So when Scott talks about dilution, you look at the total FFO that we might produce in a year and we say, what percent would we tolerate. And its kind of in that 2% to 3%. What we dont want to do is go back to the days which is why we are not going back into full-blown development. Ill take any ambiguity out of that. Because as a public company, we never got credit for the developmental pipeline and the drag of the development had on our earnings. And we think we can bring a lot of new product to market using a different methodology. And thats with the C of O deal where weve pushed off a lot of the risk  two of the three risk elements that Scott addressed. And even perhaps with the joint venture partner have much of this, for all intents and purposes, be off balance sheet. So for us, we think this is a way to refresh our portfolio, participate in some of the new product that will come to market. What we offer is a win-win. The developer with local expertise can do things that we never were able to do. They have contacts and relationships in their local markets that we cannot replicate. On the other hand, we have a platform that once that property is built, that developer can never replicate. Its beyond their ability. And it creates a symbiotic relationship where we both win. And we march forward with a mutually beneficial transaction.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. We would say its going to be tough to really get a huge volume of these, Mike. Just in terms of pricing and in terms of actual new product coming online, I mean its a competitive market out there. So to even get 2% or 3% I think is going to be difficult.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital: One of the [ph] two questions there and go back in the queue. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Okay. Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Todd Stender  Wells Fargo: Hi. Thanks, guys, and thanks for the color on how you underwrite the C of O deals. I think its very helpful. Just to stay on that theme, just one question. Can you tell us what markets the C of O deals you have teed up for 15 and 16? Just thinking, do they need to be located within your existing footprint just to kind of mitigate some of the risk as you build out some level of scale?
Scott Stubbs: The three were talking about, two are in Boston, one is Phoenix. The two that we bought to date, one is in Texas and the other one is in Connecticut.
Spencer Kirk: Existing footprint, Todd, is very important to us as we look at these opportunities. We dont want to go to indoor market where we have no operational scale and where we dont have the infrastructure to support it.
Todd Stender  Wells Fargo: And are you experiencing an inbound flow of questions or you guys are seeking these out from developers you have relationships with?
Spencer Kirk: Its almost 100% inbound.
Todd Stender  Wells Fargo: Great, thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Todd.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our next question comes from Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Tayo Okusanya  Jefferies & Company: Yes, good afternoon. I just had a quick question in regards to mark-to-market on the portfolio. Again, this idea of how much youre getting when you get a new tenant moving in versus how much youre losing when an existing tenant moves out, what that spread differential looks like and whether thats still a big drag on the portfolio when it happens.
Scott Stubbs: So in the past, weve always answered this with our street rates are on top of our existing customers which is still the case. But street rate isnt necessarily what you get. Youre usually giving some type of discount or youre coming in at an Internet rate or something of the sort. So our typical rollback is call it 6%. Its mid single digits.
Tayo Okusanya  Jefferies & Company: Okay, as a rollback, okay. Thats helpful. And then from the press release where you kind of talked about markets performing below the companys average, you do highlight Washington, D.C. and Baltimore. Just kind of curious that market in particular because I mean a lot of office properties having issues there and as well as also a lot of multi-family, whether this just a general economy in Washington DC, Baltimore thats creating the underperformance, and if you guys are seeing something very specific to sell storage?
Spencer Kirk: Okay, Tayo, this is a really important thematic piece. Storage is a great business, and we can take one of our worst performing markets today, DC and the NOI is still a very respectable 5.0% for that order. So if you were talking any other asset class, youd say, great job guys. And thats one of the worst we have. So the themes of merit supply and dominance on the Internet still play out. And were very comfortable that this is going to be a solid year in 2014 for Extra Space and for the other larger more sophisticated operators. Nothing has change. And I think there has been some concern about a pullback and of course theres going to be some seasonality to our business. But in terms of the fundamentals of the business, its strong, its healthy and DC is just a nice point of illustration to say a poor performing asset is still 5% NOI.
Tayo Okusanya  Jefferies & Company: Great. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you, Tayo.
Operator: Our next question come from Dave Bragg with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Dave Bragg  Green Street Advisors: Thank you. Good afternoon. Returning to the topic of development, when we think about Extra Space and your Web platform, your data, your operating platform, were interested in hearing how you think these advantages of yours could help you better select sites and hasten the lease up process?
Scott Stubbs: We obviously hope to outperform our lease up estimates. And I think that what youre seeing today is very good in terms of lease up. But as far as projecting that and actually underwriting that, its not necessarily what were doing. Wed rather be surprised on the upside. We think we do have the ability to drive rentals. And it is particularly strong in markets where we already exist. So for instance the properties in Boston should do very well because we have a very strong Web presence there. So as we focus or look at any development, certificate of occupancy type deal, its going to be important for us to have a presence there. And for this property, we have a very good location.
Spencer Kirk: So one other comment on that Dave, I talked about data being a valuable asset for this company. So when a CFO deal gets flopped into the middle of one of our core markets, we obviously have a lot of data as to what to expect on rate and transactional velocity. And we can and will use that to optimize the performance of that lease up asset, so that we end up with a better result than had we not applied the data to the assumptions and to the operations. So I think it goes hand in hand.
Dave Bragg  Green Street Advisors: And along those line Spencer, do you think that your  the lease up [ph] pace that you experience will exceed that of your prior ventures into development?
Spencer Kirk: It depends completely on the product as Scott said, the size, the market, the square foot per capita and a host of issues that would cost let me say, Dave [ph], Im not even going to speculate. Im going to tell you that were going to underwrite it to the best of our ability to prognosticate and well see what the result is.
Dave Bragg  Green Street Advisors: Okay. But all of those things equal is your process better? Is your data better? Im looking to understand if this will provide you an advantage as compared to others looking at similar deals.
Spencer Kirk: We think its better. I think the major difference for us is theres less new supply today than when we were developing. I mean, theres a significant difference in the amount of properties coming online today. Obviously were more sophisticated than we were then. So I think on the margins, we should do better.
Dave Bragg  Green Street Advisors: Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Dave.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: At this time, we have a follow up question from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust Robinson. Please proceed.
Ki Bin Kim  SunTrust Robinson: Thanks. Just a couple quick follow ups, in your guidance, have you guys fully baked in the fact that when you have higher street rates [ph] the negative market to market or negative roll [ph] I should say from a tenant that has been getting many increase letters, then when they move out and lurk as mark too [ph], that benefits as well. And thats the benefit of street ways improving [ph], that comes better. And also youre listening [ph] customer rate increases makes some more meaningful impact as your street rates [ph] go up. Have you guys  is your guidance fully baking into those couple other positive elements of higher rates?
Scott Stubbs: Yes. I think that we have baked all of that in. Obviously street rates go up, it enables us to raise existing customers more. And we have included that as we given our guidance. The one point of note here in our guidance, clearly our properties have done better than we originally estimated. But our acquisitions have done probably  they been slower later in the year than we estimate it. So part of that benefit of the properties doing better has been offset by slower acquisitions or acquisitions that took place later in the year.
Ki Bin Kim  SunTrust Robinson: Okay. And last question for me. What is the  if I look at  if I think about full source [ph], the one part that hasnt gotten a lot of attention is maybe the downtime it takes when you have a customer and the days that takes for you to leave that back up [ph], even if there is demand, theres always seems  theres always going to be a structural delay. What does that look like for I guess maybe your 10 by 10 category which is the hottest segment, how many days as it stay in the inventory before you can leave without, even if there is demand? And have you look at ways to cutting that down further?
Spencer Kirk: It all depends on the size of the facility, the square footage per capita, the number of competitors with comparable product to offer. There are a whole host of issues Ki Bin. And we have not measured it. All I can tell you is usually the unit is swap out, the light bulb is changed and its put back into the system ready to rent. And so, its just a function of whats the seasonality? What was the customer is searching for on an Internet search? What solution did we serve up? What price point and promotion? So this is one where we think that being ready to rent the unit as quickly as possible has been an operational focus. We dont want it offline, but when you figure that 6% or 7% of the total inventory of a storage facility turns over every month. So if you have 600 units in a facility of say, 70 square feet, and 6% or 7% of that turns over in a month, thats somewhere between 36 and 42 rentals, divided into 42  into 20 or 21 business days. So you might end up with 1.75 or 2.0 rentals per day. And then with 5 by 5, 5 by 10, 10 by 10, 10 by 15, 10 by 20, 10 by 30, indoor outdoor, upstairs, down source climate control, non-climate control, thats a really tough question to answer Ki Bin. [Indiscernible] one.
Ki Bin Kim  SunTrust Robinson: [Indiscernible].
Scott Stubbs: Hows that?
Ki Bin Kim  SunTrust Robinson: All right, okay, thats all for me.
Spencer Kirk: Transcribing.
Operator: Our next follow up question come from Michael with RBC Capital. Please proceed.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Thanks guys. Just chiming back on, lot talk about [ph] street rates, any change youre now seeing in duration or is there any change to lease structure maybe where youre trying to link in these duration a bit?
Scott Stubbs: So were not changing our lease at all, but there is an  the average length to stay is slightly longer than it was five years ago, but no significant change.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then the second question, I know you touched about no supply on a broad based across the US. But are you seeing any markets where youre seeing supply ramp up in particular?
Spencer Kirk: Yes. New York City.
Scott Stubbs: New York City, Texas is another one were seeing a lot of  Chicago.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Any thoughts to potentially recycling maybe a bit ahead of that?
Scott Stubbs: Were always kind of looking at our portfolio. And were not necessarily looking to sell a significant number, but we would selectively look at selling a few properties. So its always on the table.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next follow up come from Todd with KeyBanc Capital Markets. You may proceed.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Yes. Hi, thanks. You talked about new supply being muted in part because developers realize they cannot lease up the facility once theyre developed. You also talked about cap rate compression youre seeing in the competitive environment on the acquisition side for operating property. So on the acquisition side how deep is the buyer pool of investors that have the necessary sophisticated systems and the operating expertise? And then appropriate cost of capital, I mean, who are the buyers that are entering the mix here.
Spencer Kirk: [Indiscernible] Todd, its Spencer, buyers are coming from every walk of life. And one of the things that has amazed me recently is buyers with a less sophisticated platform thinking they can extricate the same performance. And just because somebody has money, doesnt necessarily mean that theyre going to achieve the same result out of a less sophisticated platform. Its possible, but theres a big question mark in my mind. So I would tell you, there are a lot of buyers, trade buyers, non-trade buyers and everything in between. And for us, we just need to make sure that when we buy an asset at Extra Space, its accretive, it fits our footprint and operationally, it puts us in the best possible position for keeping our product relevant in a market. Hence, some of our efforts to refresh and renew our assets whether they be 10, 20 or 30 years of age, we want to make sure that weve got something that as new developments come on or as others come into the space, what we have is compelling for the customer to look at extra space as the first solution.
Scott Stubbs: And Todd, the other thing I would add is youre seeing obviously the REITS [ph] looking to buy things. Youre looking at funds, looking to buy things. Some of those funds are having their assets managed by us or by other REITS [ph]. Youre also seeing private REIT [ph] money chasing us. So its pretty diverse crowd.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Well, thats a good transition. I guess my next question was I saw the third party management, youre up about a dozen contract. I mean, are you seeing  are you getting more inbound calls from these investors? Do you think that well see growth accelerate in that line of business for you?
Spencer Kirk: Yes. There are a lot of inbound calls. Whats interesting is weve looked at this Todd, it seems to go in wave splash. We had 91 that we added into the system. Were not running quite at that pace. But all it takes is just one institutional buyer, somebody out there saying, look, Im a financial buyer, I dont want to operate these. And you could be back at last years pace. So for us theres still a lot of interest in the third party management. It continues to be a major strategic trust for us, because strategically, we ultimately want to end up owning high percentage of those that we manage, not necessarily everyone but a high percentage. And were going to continue to promote and sell the benefits of being part of a larger platform. It will appeal to some folks, it wont appeal to others. But now, its still very healthy and growing. And the pipeline  folks that we have been talking to is quite robust right now.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: We have no further questions. I would now turn the call back over to management for closing remarks. Please proceed.
Spencer Kirk: Its Spencer. Thank you very much everyone for your interest in Extra Space today. We look forward to the Q3 earnings call in 90 days. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes 

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-29 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Clint Halverson - VP, Investor Relations Spencer Kirk - Chief Executive Officer Scott Stubbs - EVP and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Christy McElroy - Citigroup David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald Andrew Rosivach - Goldman Sachs Brandon Cheatham - SunTrust Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley Ross Nussbaum - UBS Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets Dave Bragg - Green Street Advisors Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2014 Extra Space Storage Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Glenn and I'll be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later in the call, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Clint Halverson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Clint Halverson: Thank you, Glenn. Welcome everyone to Extra Space Storage's first quarter 2014 conference call. In addition to our press release, we've furnished unaudited supplemental financial information that you can access on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Tuesday, April 29, 2014. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer Kirk: Good afternoon. During last quarter's conference call, I commented that we were coming off two years of superior results and we're heading into what would be a great year. We are seeing signals that this is materializing. Core performance was ahead of expectations. We held rates flat in the off season to drive occupancy and we ended the quarter up 200 basis points at 90.4%. Same-store revenue was up 7.9% with expenses growing at 4.7%. NOI growth was 9.4%. Our same-store properties experienced high snow removal and utility costs due to the severe winter weather. However, this was offset by lower than expected payroll and property tax expenses. As we move into our rental season, we are seeing pricing power in higher street rates and lower discounts. Now I would like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Spence. Last night we reported FFO of $0.55 per share for the first quarter, adjusting for non-cash interest expense and acquisition related costs, FFO was $0.57 per share. We outperformed our guidance due to better than expected property performance, tenant insurance results and lower G&A and interest expense. Since going public nearly 10 years ago, our definition of our same-store pool is not changed. In 2014, we added 99 properties to our same-store pool, bringing the total to 443. 90 of these properties were from our previous acquisitions and 9 came from our development pipeline. This change in our same store pool added about 80 basis points to our revenue growth. We had another strong quarter for acquisitions. We purchased 21 assets for $250 million. 17 of these properties came from a single portfolio in Virginia. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we closed 5 additional properties for $61 million. We currently have 4 properties under contract for $39 million which should close by the end of the second quarter. Therefore, as of today, we have closed or have under contract $350 million. Weve revised our full year 2014 FFO guidance to be from $2.41 to $2.49 per share these estimates include non-cash interest expense and acquisition-related costs. Adjusting for these items, FFO is estimated to be from $2.45 to $2.53 for the full year. I will now turn the time back to Spencer.
Spencer Kirk:  Thanks Scott. After all this said and done, our job as a management team is to grow FFO and increase shareholder value. The first quarter has added to a two year run of excellent results. The FFO per share grew by 24%, which marks 14 consecutive quarters of double-digit FFO growth. To this point we dont see anything that would preclude us from delivering another strong year. Lets now turn the time over to Clint to start the Q&A session.
Clint Halverson:  Thanks Spence. As in the past, in order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyones questions, Id like to ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief and if possible limited to two. If time allows, well address follow on questions once everyone has had an opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that well now turn it over to Gwen to start our Q&A session.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Hi thanks. Jordan Sadler is online with me as well. Just first question, in terms of the rank growth and the pricing power I was just curious if you could tell us where street rates are today versus scheduled inline rents for the portfolio? And maybe you could just elaborate a little bit more on the pricing power that you commented on. Is it lower concessions and discounting primarily or are you seeing more traction in the ability to raise place rents or street rates?
Spencer Kirk: Yes. Lets back up just a little bit. As we entered the off season Todd, we said, we are going to hold rates and drive occupancy which actually worked out very well. At the end of March our street rates were up about 3% and as we walk into the busy season, we expect to be pushing rates obviously how the year turns out depends on how far we can push those street rates. In terms of in place rates, were right on top of where weve been. There has been no material change in that.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Have you seen renters respond differently to rent increases that you have pushed through whether by not moving out at the same rate as you had in the past or just less push back overall?
Spencer Kirk: No. Actually Todd, its a combination of pushing the street rate or reducing the discount. And we are not trying just one single strategy, as we look at our revenue management system, were employing a variety of strategies to maximize the revenue. It depends on the customer, the channel, when they came to us and what we know about that customer. And I think its fair to say that were not seeing any material change in consumer behavior as weve applied our pricing strategy.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then just one question and then Ill hop off, really to the interest expense assumptions, I saw that it came down $5 million for the year and I was just curious last quarter when you provided guidance, you had most of the acquisitions either completed or under contract that you announced with the earnings last quarter. And so I think this quarter, there was roughly an incremental $50 million that we learned about. And I was just wondering what drove that interest expense assumption down so much, why was that not I guess baked in more last quarter when you provided initial guidance?
Scott Stubbs: Yes Todd, this is Scott. Our guidance really moves about $5 million like you mentioned and about half of that is really a non-cash item. So, what it is, is you are taking a gain basically from some out of market debt due to some acquisitions and that was kind of a last minute thing that we recorded as part of the acquisition of the one of our joint ventures. And so effectively whats happening is reducing your interest expense by $2.5 million and then you can see in the last part of our guidance, it shows that you are basically taking that benefit back out. So, for FFO adjusted, there is no really effect from that. So, the other $2.5 million comes from really three components, one is weve elected to have three different loans, we had partially swapped and we were originally going to swap the entire amount, weve elected to have a portion of that remain variable and that benefits us to the tune of about $700,000. In addition, LIBOR, the LIBOR curve is changed to the point where its about a $0.5 benefit through the year. So thats $1.2 million in total between LIBOR and allowing these loans to float instead of fixing them. And then the rest comes from adjusting our amortization of loan fees. And we basically just trued that up from a run rate from prior years, where in prior years we had a little bit of [decisions] or additional write-off relating to that. So, half non-cash, half cash largely relating to variable rate loans and LIBOR.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Todd.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup:  Hey guys good morning.
Spencer Kirk:  Hey Christy.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup: I just wanted to quickly follow-up on Todds rent question. I heard you say that street rents were flat year-over-year in Q1 as you were able to drive occupancy. Did I hear you say that what was the big year-over-year change in street rents form April, so just trying to get a sense for how thats changing heading into the spring leasing season?
Spencer Kirk: Okay Christy, its Spencer. Good morning. Im not really happy to comment about whats going on in April, let me clarify. Last fall, we held street rates in the off season to gain occupancy for the first quarter on average it was 2% and as we exited the quarter it was about 3%. So its trending up and we like the direction.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup:  Got you. And then on existing customer rents, you said that you are increasing rents on existing customers at about the same pace, I assume thats about 8% to 10%. I know that it fluctuates based on the length of stay but do you expect any change in 2014 in the percentage of your portfolio on which you are spending out rental rate increases?
Spencer Kirk:  No, that 8% to 10% range Christy is an average, it depends on the customer, it depends on how highly occupied a unit might be, it depends on seasonality, it depends how long the customer had been in that unit. So it could be less than that or it could be more but I would say for 2014, modeling purposes 8% to 10%.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup: But I guess the question is 8% to 10% on what percentage of your portfolio, so will it be the same number [outstanding] that you are giving on a rental rate increase there?
Spencer Kirk:  Yes, no change.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup:  Okay. And then just lastly, if I could sort of think about the 6% to 7% same-store rental growth projection for the year, you were at almost 8% in Q1 how do you expect that growth rate to trend through the year? And I know that you manage for revenue growth and you dont really disclose what the inputs are, but if I, you have your own internal forecast for what occupancy would be and growth in realized rents I am wondering if you could share those with us? So in the first quarter if you add about a 200 basis point occupancy delta and almost 5% realized rent growth what should those metrics look like for the full year?
Spencer Kirk:  For the full year on occupancy we are expecting that to trend towards 1% by the end of the year, so on average between 1% and 2%. We expected street rates, we just experienced it obviously 2% average for the first quarter so 2% to 3% by the end of the first quarter pushing them during the busy season during our summer month. And then well see how they hold in the fall. Obviously there is some risk if we dont find that we have as many rentals and if we have a drop off in occupancy but we are expecting to push rates in the summer. In addition to that the other thing that is actually causing our rental growth to slow towards the end of the year is the fact that our discounts have been down 10 plus percent since last June. So we are coming up against some tough comps starting in June. So we are expecting our rental growth to slow as a result of the decrease in discount slowing.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup: So when you say rental growth I understand sort of the slowing occupancy delta but as I am thinking about sort of the realized rent growth are you talking about that slowing as well?
Spencer Kirk:  What happened is last year our discounts started decreasing to the tune of double-digit and that benefited our rental revenue growth by just around 1%. We expect that to be a smaller component of our rental growth this year and that diminishing throughout the year. So the start of the year was still in the 1% range by the end of the year, its tough to continue to decrease your discounts 10 plus percent year-over-year.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup:  So is that 4.5% to sort of 5% growth in realized rents per square foot is that sustainable going through year even as you have discounts decreasing.
Spencer Kirk: If you take an average, lets say street rates on average are going to be 4%, your discounts are going to be half percent and your occupancy is going to be 1% to 2%, thats how you get that 6% to 7% because we are expecting street rates on average for the year to be maybe 4% if we are lucky 5%, its going to depend the little bit on how much pricing power we have during the busy season. So its really kind of 2% discounts called 4% street rates and then the rest coming from discounts.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup: Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Christy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Toti with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald: Thank you, guys good morning.
Spencer Kirk: Hi, David.
Scott Stubbs: Hey, David.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald:
 :
Spencer Kirk: Where we are today David, we closed about $200 million right at the start of the year in the first 15 days. That transaction had been under contract from end of last year. Right now we are estimating at about $350 million done by the end of June and right now we really only have the four properties under contract for just under $40 million. So what we are saying is if we do a $150 million of one off transactions for the last six months of this year, we think that thats attainable and we think that thats actually good for our shareholders, if we come across a portfolio or something, obviously that's going to benefit us and we could do more.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald: Are you able to disclose aggregate cap rates on acquisitions completed so far?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, I can talk a little bit to that. Our cap rates have been as low as zero and I know that sounds odd and what I mean by that is we've done two certificate of occupancy deals in the first quarter of the year. And then on our stabilized our operating properties there between 6 and 7.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay. And then if I can just hack one more question on. The smaller industry contacts have been commenting recently that they are seeing notable compression in secondary, tertiary markets, but relative stability and sort of the institutional quality re-product, would you say that's true based on what you're seeing so far year-to-date in terms of deals that have been coming across your desk?
Spencer Kirk: David, it's Spencer. I would say notable compression might be a little strong. I think there is always the seller expectation of benchmarking or tagging their property to the core market transactional rate. But as we've been showing through disciplined acquisitions that you can still transact in that range 6% to 7% and I think that a lot of sellers hope to get a better rate, but are not necessarily achieving what they want. I just, I think notable is probably a little stronger than I would have characterize it, there is a little bit, but it's not substantive is how I would say.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay. Thanks for the detail Spence.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Dave.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Rosivach with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Andrew Rosivach - Goldman Sachs:  Hi guys. Ill tell you my goal of this question, and ask it. As China figure out how an EXR same-store may be a little bit different from a same-store portfolio that hasnt been making a lot of acquisitions and you had the big jump in the first quarter for the tenant reinsurance running through your same-store. And Im curious how much of that is like a truly stabilized asset getting a better rate and a better penetration versus some of it say assets that you bought in 2011 or 2012 that it entered the same store pool but really had not had the full tenant insurance penetration rate yet?
Scott Stubbs: Our growth in tenant insurance is really coming from two or three components. One is obviously as we increase the penetration, its going to help us. Lets say you go from 67% to 70% thats going to grow it by 3%. The properties we acquire obviously help it a little, but the majority of our growth this year has come from increasing the dollars per policy. So we have tried to make sure that our tenants are adequately ensured and that is increasing the dollars per policy.
Andrew Rosivach - Goldman Sachs:  Got it. Now that helps Scott. Thanks.
Spencer Kirk:  Thanks Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Cheatham with SunTrust. Please proceed.
Brandon Cheatham - SunTrust: Thanks for taking my question. Just real quick on the snow removal for same-store NOI, if you normalized that what would same-store NOI have been? And then kind of the same vein, were there lower move outs in the first quarter year-over-year?
Spencer Kirk:  Yes, our NOI if you would have just normalized the snow and utilities would have been 10.4%. The one thing I would caution you on that is we did have the benefit of lower payroll and lower property taxes in the quarter that kind of offset that. So, if you get a normalized one you might want to normalize both so just to get to a normal run rate.
Brandon Cheatham - Suntrust: (Inaudible) that is one time?
Scott Stubbs:  Yes. To answer your question of move-out, obviously with the severe weather move-ins might have been a little bit muted. Well, if you cant move-in, you probably cant move-out either.
Brandon Cheatham - Suntrust: So, I guess you would say that they may have offset one another?
Scott Stubbs:  Yes. So, move-ins and move-outs we would say offset each other as far as the benefit or the detriment to same-store NOI obviously it affected that. But again, we did have the benefit of some up property tax appeals going in our favor in the quarter also.
Brandon Cheatham - Suntrust: Okay. Thats it from me. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley:  Hi guys. I just had a kind of over the last maybe say 12 or 18 months you guys have, all the acquisitions you have done and where youve had the opportunity to kind of overlay your own revenue management system. Can you maybe just talk about kind of what, how rent growth was maybe say 12 months ago for those property and maybe what youve seen as youve kind of implemented or utilized more of your own system, overlay on those properties?
Scott Stubbs:  I would tell you that it really runs kind of a pretty wide range. Weve seen as much as 15%, 20% growth on some of those properties we saw that on some Cincinnati assets a year and half two years ago. Weve also seen as little as kind of similar to our same-store growth 5% to 7%. And what I mean by that is, there is a pretty big range of operators out there; some of the properties were buying are very well run, others maybe are little bit [unquoted] in some of their methods. Weve bought some properties where they dont take credit cards, some that dont take cash. So, it really runs a range of anywhere probably between 5% to 7% and 15% to 20%.
Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks guys.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Vikram.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum with UBS. Please proceed.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Spencer Kirk: Good morning, Ross.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: First off, I do appreciate the added color on what the impact to the same-store pool was from shifting it, but I guess maybe a question or comment on that. Do you think it might make sense to revisit the definition of the same-store pool in so far as a property that hits 80% occupancy, maybe that would stabilized in the old storage era, but these days it seems to be a little light and it seems like those properties are coming into pool a little early and positively influencing the number?
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you something that I think well consider going forward. But I think if you ask anyone if 90% was going to be the new norm as far as stabilized occupancy, I dont think anyone of us would see that. You also obviously have the risk of new development coming in at say self storage yields remain where they are; I think you are going to see some new construction. Right now there is really no new construction; I think weve run into that risk is out there.
Spencer Kirk: Ross, its Spencer. If I could just add another comment, the definition has served us really well for the past decade through the best of an economy and through the worst of an economy. And the idea of change unit is obviously something we need to evaluate, but there is still a lot of uncertainty and we dont know what the future holds into work to effectuate change on something that has worked so well. We just need to study that before we act.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Sure. Im just throwing it out there because obviously trying to get a quarter compared to last quarter is virtually impossible, right?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, I understood.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Okay. So, my question though is, I just want to clarify a comment made earlier and then push on it a little bit. Spencer, when you talked about street rates being up, I think you said 2% and then trending to 3%. That comment was sequentially relative to where the street rates were towards the end of last year?
Spencer Kirk: That year-over-year is what it is Ross. And the other thing that I think weve got to be careful on anytime were talking about rate growth is not to get too hung up on where we are just on street rates. I think we also need to consider where we are with discounts and that type of things also.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Totally with you, sort of a net rate count.
Spencer Kirk: Correct.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: So, you think that sort of 2% trending to 3% in March, your sense is that that number goes 4% hopefully and maybe even to touch above it as we get into the summer?
Spencer Kirk: We hope it goes 4% to 8%. Well see how what kind of strength we have in the summer. It's too early to tell.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: I mean is there anything that you are seeing today, I mean it's already April, I know thats whats touched on. The biggest question I get towards the sub-storage industry is just a complete and total lack of visibility as to what pricing power is going to be two months from now. So, what can you sort of tell this audience as to what you are feeling today versus perhaps what you were feeling last in April 29th of 2013 with respect to pricing power at this coming summer?
Spencer Kirk: Right. So, without commenting about April, I can tell you year-over-year sentiment and year-over-year opinion. I am equally optimistic, Im buoyant. There are two factors and I didnt want to bring him up, but Im going to bring him up. There is still virtually no new supply. And number two, because of the power and the potency of our internet platform were taking market share from the smaller guy. And that has not changed in 12 months and I don't see a changing in the next 12 months.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS:  Thank you.
Spencer Kirk:  Thanks Ross.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Ross.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo:  Hi, thanks guys. Scott, youve grown the size of the portfolio pretty quickly over the last couple of years. Just havent really tap the street on secured debt market, I just wanted to see if I can get an update on how you are looking at to how you are going to structure the balance sheet and maybe your aspirations to tap the bond market and potentially achieve an investment grade rating?
Scott Stubbs:  Its something that we continue to look at. We're still struggling a little bit with covenants. We want to try to be as covenant light as possible. And if you go standard investment grade, standard bond offering, there are certain standard covenants that come with that. And so its something that we're considering. I think our company is at a different state than we were five years ago. I think really our leverage is in line and we're not looking at certainly to do a transformational transaction that makes us a rated entity tomorrow, but its something obviously were moving towards.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo:  Okay. Thanks and just to follow-up with that, your cash balances according to the new guidance are expected to double. I just wanted to see what was behind that and is it really fair to assume you are using more internally generated cash flow when you are making your acquisitions and maybe lees a need for equity?
Scott Stubbs:  Its a combination of a few things; one is, more internal generated cash flow, two is the timing. Some of the acquisitions are bumped back and the loan has not necessarily bumped back. So, its a combination of those three things.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Todd.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Adornato with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks. My question relates to industry consolidation, just trying to get a sense of where we stand today thinking about the universe of investment grade or properties that you and the other public peers might be willing to own. And so given that you guys that there has been very little construction over five years and you guys have continued to acquire and grow your managed pools, I was wondering if you could compare industry consolidation then to now?
Spencer Kirk:  Okay. I dont have all the exact numbers, Paul. What I can tell you is that the public companies own or operate about the same percentage that they did 15 years ago. I think as we look forward to the next five years, its probably a fair assumption to say with muted supply and with recognition that the world has changed and its not about yellow pages and drive up but its about the internet and drive up, I think its likely that you will see some continued operational consolidation as well as financial consolidation. The advantageous cap rates that are out there today I think are causing lot of people to say, if I dont sell now, when we would I sell. And we continue to see opportunities out there. And our transactional history over the last 8 or 12 quarters shows that the market is out there and you can transact. If you use the number of 54,000 self storage facilities in the U.S. and you say that half of those are not institutional grade, it takes you down to 27,000; if you take the top several dozen operators owning or controlling about 7,000 to my way of thinking, there might be about 20,000 facilities out there that would fit the profile of saying yes this would be a nice inclusion into an institutional portfolio. So, a lot of stuff out there, we are never going to get to but I still think that the market is wide opened for a lot of consolidation either operationally or financially.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. I just didnt catch maybe the beginning part of your comments, when you said that compared to five years ago that the public operators own or manage about the same percentage, given that there was a lot of growth in your guys portfolios and very little new construction?
Spencer Kirk: Okay. My comment was for 15 years ago, I dont know where we were five years ago, Paul.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Spencer Kirk: But I can tell you from 2003 to 2007, there were about 13,000 self storage facilities built in the United States which put us over the 50,000 mark. So we could go back and reconstruct that. I am just speaking anecdotally from some loose data points but generally that the public companies have owned or operated about same percentage historically, it hasnt changed a lot.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paula Poskon with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Spencer Kirk: Good morning, Paula.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: I want to follow up on the transaction commentary and Spencer your comments that historically low cap rates are attracting what were perhaps previously reluctant sellers. Are you hearing that from your JV partners as well? Clearly those -- some of those relationships have been in place a long time. Whats their propensity for recycling their capital?
Spencer Kirk: It depends on the partner, it depends on the fund whether its open or closed and the investment objectives. I can tell you that many of our partners have reported year after year after year, self storage has been their best performing asset class. And if they got out of storage, they dont know where they would redeploy the capital to get the same kind of return. the same mentality exits with many of our third-party managed owners. Some of them are first generation are thinking about retiring or passing along wealth to their posterity and others are saying why would I want to sell, I don't know where to redeploy my cash, where I get the same kind of returns that I'm getting out of storage. So, it all depends on the individual, it depends on the fund, it depends on the portfolio manager. And that is a very broad swap, because about 500 of our assets that say Extra Space fall under that partially owned or non-owned category.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: And the acquisitions that you closed on in the first quarter and have under contract, were any of those from your JV or third-party relationships or were those off-marketed deals that relationships came to you in other ways or were those marketed deals?
Spencer Kirk: Two of those properties came from joint ventures, or once that were related managed entities. The rest were all outside third-party.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Okay, thanks. That's helpful. That's all I have.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Paula.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Paula.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed. 
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning guys. Just to go back to the portfolio of question, can you talk about just looking at market deals, what's the quality on the market, your peers have mentioned that quality is down a little bit. And then just go back to the street rate question. Since you guys pushed occupancy more or so in the first quarter than dry run rate, what was -- where you think street rates were up for the industry in the first quarter?
Scott Stubbs: This is Scott, I can comment a little bit on street rate. So on street rates, it's little bit difficult to comment on what we see as an industry, we compare our properties to kind of their closest competitors. And we don't necessarily move resulting on what they do, but we've seen them zero to 5%, it really depends on the property and the competitor?
Spencer Kirk:  And then on the transactional stuff, Mike, many of our competitors/peers as I have even said, yet there are some lower quality portfolios coming to market, may be as a percentage the lower quality stuff is ticked up. It does not mean that there arent decent portfolios that are out there to be had. And there is plenty of maneuvering room on acquisitions as you think that there might be 20,000 self storage facilities that are still out there that dont have one of the brand names of the four rates flying to flag over that asset. So for us yes, there has been downtick in quality but it doesnt mean that there arent good opportunities, solid opportunities, and decent assets to be added. You just have to maybe work little harder, be a little more selective and be a little more disciplined.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. And this is my follow-up question. You talked about not seeing any new supply right now nationwide, are there any markets that you are starting to see and those will creep up in the last call it 60 to 90 days in terms of new construction? And then also just as you have many joint venture partners, you are looking at various things, have you seen any relaxation in terms of lending on new construction among the small regional banks?
Spencer Kirk:  So as far as new supply in the last 60 to 90 days, I cant tell you a market that has seen significant new supply or tick up there. As far as the banks lending, I think its still fairly difficult, we have not seen them lacks I think with the regulation. I think the banks are still more than willing to lend to people to have money. So if someone is well capitalized, I think its pretty easier to get money. That doesnt mean development loans are not there. I think people can get development loans, it is usually through relationships or local banks.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks you much.
Spencer Kirk:  Thanks, Mike.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Dave Bragg with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Dave Bragg - Green Street Advisors:  Thank you, good morning. Spencer last quarter you commented on the potential for a disconnect between buyer and seller expectations and you attributed impart to your higher cost of capital and earlier in this call you seem to suggest the same type of relationship. So would love to hear you elaborate on that particularly in light of your much improved cost of capital?
Spencer Kirk:  My statement I think I could summarize it this way Dave. When I talk about a disconnect. If I could be very specific many folks think that a 5 cap or a sub 5 cap is the going rate for the best assets in the best markets, think Manhattan brand new property. The smaller operator perhaps with the property thats a little bit older in a secondary or tertiary market uses that 5 benchmark and says well maybe my asst could be where 5.5 or a 6 cap. And once again it all comes back to how Extra Space scores the quality of an asset. And this works for us. I am not suggest it for anybody else thats the storage operator, but for Extra Space our philosophy is very simple it is; we look at the quality of the market; we look at the quality of the physical asset; and we look at the quality of the location of that physical asset within the market. And we make a determination as to what we think that that asset will be worked. And many times there is a disconnect between our view of the world and what the seller might expect and thats where I think its fair for me to say Extra Space is interested in transacting, but not at any cost and not for any price point, but for a price point that simply is accretive for our shareholders. And we are working harder to find the acquisitions that fit our operational footprint and fit that quality scoring and with that what we will see what happens. Our cost of capital moves up and down today, Dave, it depends on lot of factors, but the bottom line for us is we want to be disciplined and do accretive acquisitions.
Dave Bragg - Green Street Advisors: Thats helpful, thanks for that. And directionally as your cost of capital has improved, is there potential for that disconnect to narrow?
Spencer Kirk: I think that what we saw was when the cost of capital got more expensive, the pricing didnt change a lot and now that is back down. I am not sure it will change that much either. It is possible just a point in time, you saw interest rates pick up for a period of time, they are now relatively -- they are not necessarily down but maybe the growth has slowed, but I think everybody would agree that interest rates are going up. We dont want to go whips out, Dave with the changes and the fluctuations that take place over a short period. We are taking long view on our weighted average cost of capital. And we are looking at what the market is going to do, and there are lot of operational elements that pop-in and out of the equation. And we dont want to react or overreact any of those we want to be consistent and sustainable in our actions.
Dave Bragg - Green Street Advisors: Thank you. One final question related to acquisitions. And as it relates to underwriting what we understand that every deal or portfolio deal is very different, but from a broad perspective over the last couple of years. How have you adjusted your NOI growth underwriting for say years two through five of the deal as the cycle has matured and you get slightly closer to the rival of new supply?
Scott Stubbs: No, our underwriting, we typically base it on how our properties in the area are doing and we have not necessarily made an adjustment or an assumption that new supply has or will come to effect that property.
Dave Bragg - Green Street Advisors: Okay. So no change?
Scott Stubbs: No Change.
Dave Bragg - Green Street Advisors: Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Dave.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Yes, good afternoon. Great results for the quarter. Most of my questions are on acquisitions, the deals that you guys announced this quarter, just wanted to clarify that, the stabilized asset were brought at 6% to 7% cap rate and there are still some assets that are technically a zero cap rate?
Spencer Kirk: That is correct. And we say 6% to 7% that's a year one forward-looking cap rate and some are absolutely CLO.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: And is 6% to 7% for the entire portfolio or just for the stuff excluding the CLO stuff.
Spencer Kirk: Just for the stuff excluding the CLO stuff.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: And what kind of NOI growth that are you assuming for that first 12 months that gets into a 6% to 7% cap?
Spencer Kirk: It is anywhere between 5% and 9% on year one, well actually probably 5% and 8%
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: On year one. Okay, that's helpful. Then the second thing, again you now have about $250 million of acquisitions locked in and your guidance is $500 million. Just kind of curious if you guys see a good chance of you guys exceeding guidance just given how well youve done year-to-date and what your acquisition pipeline looks like?
Scott Stubbs: So Tayo, what I would say is, lets go back and put a little perspective in this just right after the year began we closed down the Virginia portfolio of $200 million in assets. That really was an activity that largely took place in 2013. And where we draw this artificial line at December 31st and January 1st and put something in one year or following year. I wont get too hung up on that, I would say, a lot of what happens in our acquisitions guidance is predicated on knowing what we think we can do versus what potentially might happen. And all it takes is a joint venture partner to come to us and say, hey we're thinking about liquidating these assets, would you be interested in buying them, or it just takes someone to say, you know what, its time for me as an owner to sell my portfolio and thats really hard to script. So, we look at what we know. We know what the historical velocity has been and we give you our best prognostication. We certainly could do considerably better, but I dont have any bases and we dont have any bases for making that statement because we havent had any substantive dialogue with any owner either off market or open market to substantiate thats how wed given our best guidance or our best guess.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies:  Right. Okay, thats helpful. And then just one more, with occupancy now kind of breaking things, occupancy now kind of breaking 90%, I mean when we kind of start thinking about an upper limit for that number where you just kind of have structural vacancy you cant of get rid of it. You kind of guide us something about how we should be thinking about that just how much more that occupancy rate can go up?
Spencer Kirk:  Let me tell you the way I view the world. We think that just with about 6% to 7% of your properties are either vacating, 6% to 7% of the total units or renting 6% to 7% of the total units each and every month. You kind of say somewhere around 94% is a good place to start to think. And if you are at 94% occupancy, I can tell you if thats an average, you have a lot of site quotes that are sold out, which is something we dont like to do. We think you are leaving money on the table at that point, because if you are sold out in some of the more popular site quotes some of the less desirable units are not at that 94% they are in the mid 80s or high 80s. So for us, we could wrapped up a bit during the absolute peak of the season, but to expect to get much above 94%, 95% I dont think is reality and I dont think that thats somewhere where we think we are going to be operating. Certainly our revenue management system with the predictive inputs that it has to drive the algorithm is going to not let us get to those levels. Now as we learn and see what the market shapes up to-date, things could change. But today I would say, low to mid 90s is the limit for Extra Space.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Got it. And then lastly just one more, from a development perspective when you just kind of take a look at market pricing right now at what point does development start to makes sense again, while were still a year away, two years away from that?
Spencer Kirk:  Well Tayo, Id like to give you my seven part thesis on why I dont see development coming this time in the near future, but I will give you a truncated version. Number one, banks are reluctant to win. Number two, there is off a lot of interest in the prime parcels from every asset class which is driving up land prices. So, banks are willing to win or the lending terms are less favorable thus this bring to the profitability, if youre paying more for the land thats being the profitability and then you are the mom and pop operator or the local developer and you cant compete on the internet. You are going to have to sign up and have someone who can provide the flow of customers to your property and you are going to paying the management fee, youre going to be sharing some it not all tenant insurance and you are going to be getting hit with some downstream cost for a call center and other marketing expenses, so thats your third day on the profitability. And I just think that the return versus the risk equation has shifted and people are little bit more reluctant. There is ample interest in doing development, but when you really see the number of properties that are coming out of the ground, it is still muted and I dont see those fundamental elements either on having to sign up a management company and paying a fee or property prices being pressured upward or banks willing to land to the smaller perhaps capitalized individual. I think those are things that will remain in place for the foreseeable future. There will be some buildings, but I dont see anything thats going to put a lot of new supply into the market in the near-term at all.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Thank you very much, good color.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you.
Operator: We do have a follow-up question from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Yes. Hi thanks, a couple of quick follow-ups. First for Scott, you mentioned in response to an earlier question on the tenant insurance that youve increased the dollar amount per policy or that's where some of the growth is coming from. Can you just provide more detail on what you are doing with regard to insurance program?
Scott Stubbs: Our tenants are insured based on the dollar amount of the goods that they have stored. And what we found is we want to make sure that our tenants have adequate coverage. So, as we are offering tenant insurance, we are making sure that they are truly valuing their goods at the correct amount. And we are basically executing better at the point of -- point the rental was made and having them take the correct amount insurance, which is effectively pushing it up. So, for instance instead of them insuring $200,000 worth of goods, they are now insuring $300,000 worth of goods.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And can you quantify what the monthly dollar amount per renter is in terms of the insurance collections that you are receiving?
Scott Stubbs: I don't have it in front of me per renter.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. What about the overall penetration rate within the EXR portfolio today?
Scott Stubbs: Overall, it's around 70% depending, if you're looking mature or overall portfolio.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then a question on page 21 in the supplement where you break out the joint ventures, you have been in the promote for two other JVs now for some time. I was just wondering, if you could talk about, whether you're getting close to any of those other promote hurdles that are in the high single-digits for some of the larger joint ventures at all?
Scott Stubbs: No, on the larger ones we are not. Those promotes, actually had slight escalations that took effect at the timeframe, when we are actually going through a recession. So we have some catch up to do on those and we are not near the promote on any of these storages that legacy JVs the big ones there.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. All right, great. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Great. Thanks, Todd.
Operator: We have another follow-up question from the line Brandon Cheatham with SunTrust. Please proceed.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust: This is actually Ki Bin. Just one follow-up. What happens to a property when there is a new development next door? Im sure youve a lot of historical data, is it -- could you talk a little bit about kind of financial impact on whether it be occupancy or rents that typically happens when there is new supply moving in next door?
Spencer Kirk:  Okay. There are a lot of variables on that Ki Bin. I would say the biggest impact is, what is the population density and how many other self storage facilities are already in the market. So, if you are in southern California in Venice and youve got 500,000 people in a three mile radius, there are already 20 self storage facilities serving that population, if you add one property, its a 5% increase in supply. And its not going to really have material effect. If youre in Wichita, Kansas and there are two games in town in a three mile ring, it can have a pretty detrimental effect, which is why most of the REITs want to be in the better more densely populated markets. Its your protection against the downside.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust: Okay. A related question, have you -- how much redevelopment potential do you have in your existing properties in terms of expansion entitlements that have not been used yet? Just trying to get a sense of, if you guys did pursue incremental more development or redevelopment, what the existing potential could be adjusting your properties as well today?
Spencer Kirk: Okay. Ki Bin, we are redeveloping our assets. Weve been looking at how to keep them relevant in the marketplace by bringing them up to the current standards. In terms of a bunch of properties that have a lot of expansion capability and a lot of vacant parcels next to it, its not a lot. What we want to do is just make sure the assets that we have appeal to the customer and regardless of when new development arise into this market, we have an asset that is competitive, its well located, its well cared for, its clean and it meets the customers needs and that means you might be adding some climate control to the property, you might be knocking down the office and reconstructing a more retail oriented higher visibility office. So this redevelopment effort is something that we have fully engaged in. And its all towards keeping the properties relevant. But in terms of adding lots of square footage because we are sitting on a bunch of vacant land, not so much.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust: Okay, thank you.
Spencer Kirk:  Thank you.
Operator:  We have another follow-up question from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Hey, its Jordan Sadler. Sorry, I wanted to quickly touch on the tax expense. Obviously, the tender reinsurance business is a good and growing business for you guys and as is that tax liability, so you are obviously making money. Is there another way to shelter some of that liability at this point, given the scale of that [TRS] at this point?
Scott Stubbs:  Its something we are looking at all the time; there is some risk with these. We want to make sure we about it properly. I think probably there is an opportunity to argue that tenant insurance is standard and customary to the point where you could move it into the REIT but thats a long process with the IRS but its something we are always looking at.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. So potentially it is clean income, like your rental income stream and sort of an ancillary fee associated with owning the facility?
Scott Stubbs: We would need to prove that it is customary standard and the business.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Make sense to me. And then separately on the commercial segment of the business, not a lot of discussion. Are you seeing anything different in the commercial segment of the business relative to your individual renters, are you seeing more traction, less traction, anything, any commentary will be helpful?
Spencer Kirk: Okay, Jordan, its Spencer. Here is what I will tell you. I am just coming up on 16 years in self storage. When I started about 20% of the customers were commercial accounts, today its about 20%. It hasnt changed a lot and I dont expect it to materially shift over the next foreseeable period. So for us, its out there; its a part of our business; we like it; they tend to be on auto pay; they tend to be less sensitive to rate increases; but in terms of wholesale shift and driving our commercial accounts to 30% or 40% or 50%, market demand just isnt there and its been remarkably consistent for the 16 years that I have been in storage.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you. With that I would like to thank everybody for their interest in Extra Space. Well look forward to next quarters call. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays call. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-21 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Clint Halverson - VP, IR Spencer Kirk - CEO Scott Stubbs - EVP and CFO
Analyst: Christy McElroy - Citigroup Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Dave Bragg - Green Street Advisors Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Ross Nussbaum - UBS RJ Milligan - Raymond James & Associates Michael Salinksky - RBC Capital Markets Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird Jeremy Metz - UBS
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2013 Extra Space Storage Earnings Conference Call. My name is Philip and I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are now in listen-only mode. Later, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today Mr. Clint Halverson, President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Clint Halverson: Thanks Philip. Welcome everyone to Extra Space Storage's fourth quarter 2013 conference call. In addition to our press release, we've also furnished unaudited supplemental financial information thats available on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the Companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the Companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Friday, February 21, 2014. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of the changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. With that, Id now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer Kirk: Good afternoon everyone. During the fourth quarter we saw same-store revenue increase 6.6% and NOI increase 8.9%, occupancy ended the year at 89.2%. 2013 was an outstanding year for Extra Space. We saw a record high occupancies, lower discounts and excellent expense control which combined to drive a 10% NOI increase for the year. This was our second straight year of 10% NOI growth. At the end of the fourth quarter Karl Haas retired as our Chief Operating Officer. Karl will continue to consult with the Company through the end of the first quarter at which time we expect him to join our Board. Were excited to have Karls successor Samrat Sondhi take over field operations. Many of you have met Samrat and know that he is the right man for the job. Samrat has been with the Company for almost a decade and his successes include architecting our revenue management system and leading our field operations in Chicago, New York and Los Angeles. Extra Space is positioned to have a strong 2014. We see continued organic growth and a favorable environment for acquisitions. This is evidenced by the 304 million either purchased or under contract so far this year. Fundamentals remain strong and there continues to be limited new supply. That has become even more evident that smaller operators are struggling to keep up with more sophisticated operators online, especially when it comes to acquiring customers through mobile devices. Were capitalizing on these market conditions by remaining focused on the fundamentals of our business. We continue to innovate and to push ourselves. In short, were striving to be the best at getting better. Id now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Spence. Last night we reported FFO of $0.52 per share for the fourth quarter, which includes $0.01 of non-cash interest expense related to our exchangeable notes and $0.04 of acquisition related cost. Adjusted for these items FFO was $0.57 per share for the quarter and $2.12 for the year. We had a very strong quarter for acquisitions. We purchased 50 assets for 310 million. 19 of these properties came from an existing joint venture where we purchased all but 1% of our partners interest, which enabled us to avoid loan assumption fees. Once the debt is repaid we will acquire the remaining 1% at a pre-negotiated price. For the year we purchased 78 assets for 586 million. So far in 2014 we have closed on 18 properties for 214 million, 17 of these properties are from a single portfolio in Virginia and the other property is in Texas. As of today, we have an additional 8 properties under contract for 90 million which should all close by the end of April. We continue to have great success in our third-party management program. We ended the year at 250 properties under management, an increase of almost 40% for the year. We have established our full year 2014 FFO guidance to be from $2.32 to $2.41 per share, these estimates include non-cash, cash interest expense and acquisition related costs. When adjusted for these items FFO is estimated to be from $2.38 to $2.47 for the full year. Ill now turn the time back to Spencer for some additional comments.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Scott. We are coming off two years of superior results, and are heading into what we see to be a great year. Our forecasted double-digit FFO growth is quite remarkable. The fact that a real-estate Company is able to produce this level of earnings growth is definitely noteworthy. We expect storage to be amongst the best performing sectors in the REIT land in 2014. Let me reiterate that our focus for 2014 is the operational excellence of this Company. Were making long-term investments that will continue to give Extra Space the technological advantage to produce best-in-class results. Ill now turn the time over to Clint to start the Q&A session.
Clint Halverson: Thanks Spencer. As in the past in order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyones questions, Id ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief and if possible limited to two. If time allows well address follow-on questions once everyone has had an opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that, Ill turn it over to Phillip to start our Q&A session.
Question:
and:
Operator: Of course. (Operator Instruction) And your first question comes from the line of Christy McElroy from Citigroup. Please proceed.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup: Hi. Good morning to you guys.
Spencer Kirk: Hi, Christy.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup: I just wanted to talk about your acquisitions forecast for 2014 and sort of how it relates to guidance. It looks like much of that is expected to be funded with debt given the rise in interest cost that you expect and no change to shares outstanding. Is it your plan to sort of revisit permanent refinancing at the time you do the deals or later in the year. Or do you feel like you have some room for leverage to move higher here? I'm just wondering if you do the full 500 million where does that put your leverage at year-end?
Spencer Kirk: Yes a couple of things Christy, a couple of things to consider here. One is, we had a considerable amount of cash at the end of the year, obviously that went towards buying the Virginia portfolio and that was raised by issuing equity in November. So, part of that share count is already in our year-end number. In addition to that, our annual share count for 2014 assumes a slight increase of call it $50 million, there could be potentially some OP or some additional equity. So the remainder should be funded with debt and it shouldnt increase our leverage significantly because if you think about our properties increasing, obviously that naturally de-levers this, so we feel like we should be able to do it on a fairly leveraged neutral basis.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup: Okay. And sort of given your progress so far this year, and your confidence in doing another 200 million, I am wondering if you could comment on the opportunities that exist for acquisitions today, what kind of pricing are you seeing out there. And why do you think there is a greater willingness for private storage owners to sell versus, say a year ago. Do you think its pricing or do you think its the ability to compete, or both?
Spencer Kirk: I think from a sellers perspective they are seeing fairly attractive cap rates, from a buyers perspective in theory our cost of capital ticked up over the last 60 or 90 days with interest rates going up. So, it will be interesting to see what happens this year while buyers expectations are going to be such that they expect to pay less and sellers are still thinking about last years cap rates. Were still
Christy McElroy - Citigroup: Do you think its more pricing related than sort of a change in their expectations as far as running their business?
Spencer Kirk: Its probably a combination of both but its really difficult to pinpoint one or the other.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup: Okay. And then just lastly on the addition of the 99 properties to the same-store pool in 2014, what impact do you expect that would have on your projected same-store metrics, kind of hard to just tell from the numbers. But I know the last couple of years you have had a modestly positive impact. I am not sure what this mix of assets will do?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, the 99 properties effectively consist of 90 assets that were purchased in 2012 and then all but one of our development assets, so they actually add about 50 basis points if you look at the change in same-store pool for the year.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup: To both revenue and NOI?
Spencer Kirk: Great, it's top-line revenue is what I'm talking about.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, thanks. Good morning out there. Just first question, just following up on Christys question with investments, I am just curious how you would describe the Companys appetite here, so you set 500 million for the year with roughly another 200 million remaining assuming you close on everything thats under contract, but how aggressive is the Company and are you seeing good product available by third-parties out there. How is the quality of what you're seeing relative to what you were seeing maybe a year ago?
Spencer Kirk:   Todd, it is Spencer. The quality is decent, to maybe add a little more color, pricing is the factor driving this. I think there is a growing awareness that its becoming more difficult to compete in the world of acquiring customers online particularly as more and more customers migrate to mobile devices. And for us we are going to remain disciplined, we are going to do accretive deals. Its interesting to note that of the acquisitions that we did last year, the majority were kind of off market deals where we maximized our relationships and tried to do deals that were in the best interest of this Company. And so the strategy for 2014, Todd, is the same as last year. We are going to participate in the open market. We are going to participate in the off-market and I think we are going to have a good year that produces decent result for our shareholders.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then second question was regarding your development property, so most of the properties that you developed during the last cycle that were delivered, I guess between 08 and 11 are doing well. Maybe a few more are still to stabilize here, but if we look back and say, the 128 million of new properties that was completed in 09, the 83 million NOI, do you have aggregate yields for each year, each year is sort of completions, are you able to share that data with us?
Spencer Kirk: The best information that we have right now, thats out there is in our supplementals. So I would point you to those it breaks it down by year and so you can see the most recent three months NOI and annualize that and take a yield on cost or take the last 12 months NOI. And then take a look at the growth rate I mean clearly they are continuing to finalize the lease up and stabilize.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Right, well I guess so, Im wondering though. So the last data that you have in the supplement this quarter for 2010 completions and so on a trailing basis that yield comes out to just under 7% and that doesnt include tenant reinsurance income. And the yield on the 2011 deliveries in just two years in the lease up is over 5%. And so and say 3 years you get to say 7%, I am guessing there is another 100 basis points of upside there in the fourth year. And I guess I am just wondering how you think about those yields today with acquisition yields where theyre at and why that wouldnt be compelling? Why were not seeing a lot of new development started not just from EXR but from others?
Spencer Kirk: I think development is coming, Todd. I think that there is still somewhat of scarcity of land. I think land is still pretty expensive so its difficult to see things pencil. We have developments brought it us all the time by potential joint venture partners, so we see a lot of that and its still pretty difficult. As we look at developments when we used to develop and were active developers, we wanted to get 300 basis points over what things are trading for. So if it trades for 6.5, we would want to develop to 9.5. Were not in the development business right now, so its difficult to speak to what we would do today.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And when you say a 300 basis point spread, I mean whats the lease up timeframe you would typically underwrite to?
Spencer Kirk: 36 to 48 months is pretty typical. I mean what were seeing today with the lack of new supply is things are leasing up at the low-end of that. Were seeing things lease up in 24 months. We had one that opened in California that leased up very quickly, within a couple of years. But obviously things are cyclical and things are really good right now. Two years from now when things are coming out of the ground, you could see a lot of new supply which obviously is going to affect the lease up of those properties.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Bragg from Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Dave Bragg - Green Street Advisors: Hey, thank you. Good morning. Just following up on Christys question, what is impact of the 99 additional properties to same-store pool on expense growth in 14?
Spencer Kirk: Its very similar to the old pool.
Dave Bragg - Green Street Advisors: Okay, really no intact?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, thats flat correct.
Dave Bragg - Green Street Advisors: And second question is on the disparity between the tenant reinsurance income and expense during the quarter. Can you explain that?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, you had Sandy hit in the fall of 2012, so you had elevated expenses in that time period. I mean, tenant insurance has been great for the Company but when you have an event such as that, obviously theres a cost to having that insurance business.
Dave Bragg - Green Street Advisors: Got it. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust. Please proceed.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks. So if I look at your 7% same-store NOI guidance for 2014, and compare it to what you guys came out of the gate with last year at 5.5% and object obviously in 2013 you did 10%. I wouldnt categorize this years guidance as really conservative, but given the tough comps and given that were not in the spring leasing season yet, so you dont really know exactly what you can push rates to, to what level, what are you seeing Spencer on the ground to come up with, I would say, a little bit more bullish guidance than the market probably expected?
Spencer Kirk: What I can tell you about the guidance Ki Bin, is we have done our best job to accurately and appropriately forecast what we think we can do in 2014. We have been working to maintain occupancy even at the low point of seasonality and weve done a great job of that and I think were well positioned as we come into the busy season to push street rates and to drive the optimal result. But six weeks into the year its a little early to prognosticate of what the rest of the years going to look like and we stand by our guidance. We think its accurate. We think its appropriate.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, the other thing I would add to that Ki Bin, is we did things pretty similar this year to what weve done in the past and thats bottoms up budgets. And I think we underestimated the past couple of years the effect of no new supply as well as the effect of the Internet and were coming up against some tough comps so clearly were not expecting 10 plus percent NOI growth.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: How much occupancy is embedded in that guidance? How much occupancy gains are embedded?
Spencer Kirk: 100 basis points, its called 100 to 200, earlier in the year its closer to 200, ending the year, closer to an average of 100 basis points.
Scott Stubbs: Yes.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And just last question on the -- if I get PSA, it seems they won about 100 million of acquisition this quarter, I was wondering, were you guys an active participant in that process?
Spencer Kirk: Absolutely, were out in the open market. I cant say that we bid on everything that they bid on. What we have done as I mentioned just a few moments ago is about two-thirds of what we actually closed on Ki Bin, came out of the existing relationship and they were not marketed deals. And I think every REIT storage REIT is going to participate in the broadly marketed deals to their best of their ability to underwrite or express an interest. And I think there will be for all of us some relationships that are unique, where we capitalize on something that existed that tilts it in our favor. So well have to see how it plays out. But yes, there is a lot of competition for the broadly marketed assets and were all trying to maximize our relationships.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Did you get to the final rounds on that deal?
Spencer Kirk: When you say on that deal, which deal, specific deal are you referring to?
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Well I guess I was looking at it in totality, but I guess the biggest chunk of that 800 million.
Spencer Kirk: Sometimes were the high bidders, sometimes were in the middle of a pack, sometimes were low and I could say the same thing for any of the other three storage REITS. Its really interesting. I dont think anyone of us is consistently getting the deal. It seems to be passed around and it depends on the operational footprint and the assumptions and the underwriting.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, thank you guys.
Spencer Kirk:  Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum from UBS. Please proceed.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Spencer Kirk:  Hey, Ross.
Scott Stubbs: Hey, Ross.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Two different questions for you, the first is when I look at your realized rent growth year-over-year in the fourth quarter, compare that to what it had been running year-over-year in both 2Q and 3Q. It ticks down a little bit, and I am just curious is that a reflection that you backed off a little bit on rate growth to preserve occupancy in the fourth quarter? And if so why was that?
Spencer Kirk: So you have headed exactly right Ross. We kept things flat, maybe slightly down. We knew we were coming into that slow season we wanted to preserve occupancy and I think that positions us very well coming into the busy season to be able to push rates.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Was it -- I mean should I interpret it to say that the occupancy line wasnt cooperating as much as you had thought or you just wanted to be conservative to protect as much occupancy as you could there?
Spencer Kirk: The latter, be conservative and preserve the occupancy.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Okay. Second question I had was a geographic one, when I look at your city MSA splits. New York, New Jersey and DC Baltimore regions in the fourth quarter looked to be, I dont want to say weaker because they were still good, right, but not as strong as some of your other major markets. Can you comment a little bit on what was going on in New York and DC that caused those to be underperforming the portfolio?
Spencer Kirk: Yes Ross I mean Washington DC for instance has had two to three years of phenomenal growth. We would interpret it as somewhat as taking a breather both New York City as well as Washington DC you have had two to three years of being at the top of the portfolio list and now at some point maybe to move down and take a breather.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Is it supply related at all in New York? I mean or do you just think it is tough comps?
Spencer Kirk: I would tell you it is tough comps. We have not seen supply effect us that much even where we have had sites open right next door. Yes one other thing Ross, you are also looking at the impact of super storm Sandy in 2012 and that needs to be factored in.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Thats a fair pint Spence. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk:  Thanks.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of RJ Milligan from Raymond James & Associates. Please proceed.
RJ Milligan - Raymond James & Associates: Good afternoon and good morning. Curios, just a follow-up on the acquisition guidance of 500 million you guys already have done 300 in the first month and a half here of the year. Is there something other than maybe more competitive pricing that leads you to think that there is going to be a slowdown in acquisition activity or would you say thats being conservative just given the lack of visibility, any comments on that?
Spencer Kirk: We would tell you the 500 million is what we feel comfortable we can do. If you look at the timeframe it takes to close some of the deals. I mean for instance the 200 million that we closed in January we had under contract for several months before that it just takes 50 to 90 days to close a portfolio, right now we dont have any major portfolios, its more one-off deals that were looking at.
RJ Milligan - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And I am assuming the, moving to the expense guidance or at least included in the same-store NOI guidance that the snow removal costs in 1Q have been factored in. Any comments on what you are seeing there?
Spencer Kirk: Were seeing our snow removal cost coming over budget obviously in the Northeast and then -- they are over our budgets and they are also significantly over last year. But they are all factored into our guidance.
RJ Milligan - Raymond James & Associates: Alright, thanks guys.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Salinksky from RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Michael Salinksky - RBC Capital Markets: Good afternoon guys. Going back to same-store guidance for a minute, you gave us I think 100 to 200 basis points you said occupancy upside. Can you walk us to the other components how much is discounting existing customer rate increases, tenant reinsurance? And then on the expense side, whats the big drivers there, is it pretty much real estate taxes, personnel? Whats driving the expense growth?
Spencer Kirk: Yes on the revenue side, you got 100 to 200 basis points in occupancy, you have got maybe 50 basis points in discounts and then the reality is the rest is going to need to come from street rates primarily. I mean street rates are going to be a big driver of growth this year. On the expense side about two-thirds of our expenses come from either payroll or property taxes, payroll is growing at slightly over 3% with our healthcare cost going up slightly as we move towards the Affordable Care Act and have more participation on our healthcare plan. And then in addition our property taxes are going up over 4% which account for about a third of it.
Michael Salinksky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thats helpful. Then this is my follow-up question, Spencer, at NAREIT you talked about ramping up redevelopment in 2014, can you kind of talk about the plan and the kind of returns you expect, just give us a little bit more color on that?
Spencer Kirk: So, the REIT development of our assets Mike is only directed at keeping our product development in the market. And you can have a 30 year old asset thats very well located on the corner of main and main, but if it looks tired and frumpy its probably not going to be as competitive in the coming decade as some new supply comes online, so we simply said, were investing for relevancy were going to spruce up properties were going to put in new offices, make it more retail oriented, may add some plan to control in certain markets and in general make sure that our property is geared for what the customer is asking for. Some of the returns on this are easily quantified, others are more qualitative. And for us we think that looking at a dozen or two dozen properties in 2014 for redevelopment and keeping them fresh and appropriate for the market, that is coming as some supply emerges over the next four or five-six years is the right thing to do and its going to be an ongoing program, its not a one-time event, youll see us continue to look at our portfolio and in the best markets. And really what Im saying here is, looking at rent per square foot were more likely to invest in those markets first and then let it trickle down as the years roll by into the secondary markets.
Michael Salinksky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Could you give a sense about how much you're expecting to spend in 14 and how that compares to 13 so you can kind of just see the trajectory?
Spencer Kirk: Depending a little bit on how quickly we can get things ramped up. We would say $25 million to $40 million.
Michael Salinksky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Spencer Kirk: Hi Todd. Good morning.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities: Scott, you used OP units in the past, most notably with the all aboard transaction. Just wanted to get a feel of how much sellers are willing to take OP units in this environment and just how the original decision to increase the dividend so much to entice sellers to take OP units is kind of playing out?
Scott Stubbs: I think it depends on the individual the deal we did in January was a non-OP unit deal so it depends on the tax situation somewhat typically if they have a really low basis, theyre much more interested in OP units. To raise the dividend we looked at trying to help people potentially maintain their cash-on-cash yield, weve had some success obviously, we have closed a couple of deals and well continue to use OP units but at the same time, were probably more focused on making sure that we pay the right price for the assets.
Spencer Kirk: Yes the only color Id add to that Todd, because Ive been involved in a number of discussions, when you go meet with a seller, what you want to do is be flexible and be able to offer up something that will cause them to want to sell, and it might be cash, it might be cash in stock, it might be a common OP unit, it might be a preferred OP unit. What were doing is using number of arrows out of the quiver to hopefully hit the sweet spot, the bulls eye and be able to transact in the fashion that accommodates the sellers need while making sure that its an accretive profitable transaction of Extra Space and its been a good thing, it certainly has not hurt us. Its not going to solve every equation when it comes to the acquisition environment but its certainly is something that has proved to be beneficial in getting a few deals done that perhaps might not have gotten done otherwise.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. And what are -- if you could just share some of the metrics that you're doing on current deals really how you're looking at your underwriting, particularly the Virginia portfolio and the other assets that are under contract, just regarding growth rates, your IRR and any of the other assumptions that you do in your underwriting.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, our assumptions have been pretty consistent over the years. We're primarily a cap rate buyer. When we talk cap rates we talk a year one forward-looking cap rate. We typically will take a look at our properties in the area if we have properties in the area and underwrite them similar to how our properties are performing. We try to be fairly conservative on the growth. We would rather be surprised on the positive side than miss our estimates, obviously. We get tax quotes from a tax consultant and underwrite to a year one cap rate. We obviously will look at an IRR but the difficult thing with an IRR is it assumes an exit cap which depending on what exit cap rate you do you can really change your IRR.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies. Please proceed.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company: Hi. Yes. Good afternoon, good morning over there. Just a couple of quick ones, back to the acquisition guidance of the 500 million, the 200 million balance youre kind of left to do, how should we be thinking about how that happened this year, is it more back weighted, more pro rata. It sounds like again its all one-off deals at this point you have baked into?
Spencer Kirk: We basically assumed mid-quarter acquisition for the remaining three quarters of the year. So effectively weve taken what we have and assumed that its going to close between now and the middle of April and then the rest is all mid-quarter assumptions.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company: Okay, thats helpful. And then 2014, we have the same-store revenue guidance just kind of curious what your expectations are for street rate in 2014?
Spencer Kirk: Street rate, Tayo, 2014 were in a really good position right now, our occupancy has held might even just comment that January was a strong month for us and a good start to 2014. And as we come into the busy season I think were in a good position to push street rates and how far we can push them only time will tell. But our predictive third generation revenue management system is in a really good position to show us what we can do in the market given 56 different variables that are feeding into it. And I remain optimistic as I said in my opening remarks that 2014 will be a great year for Extra Space it might not be a superior year but it will be a great year.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company: Could you in fact could you actually give us a sense of whats baked into guidance in regards to street rates?
Spencer Kirk: Our guidance for the year assumes rate stay relatively flat the first quarter and then increasing the, coming into summer months and into late summer. And then hopefully we maintain those rates through the fall with potentially drooping them moving in the off season again very similar to what weve done in the past.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company: In that past. Okay, alright. Great. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Tayo.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your next question comes from the line of Paula Poskon with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Thanks. Good afternoon everyone.
Spencer Kirk: Hi Paula.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: A question on the JV acquisition, Scott, what is in your guidance for impact on management fee income?
Scott Stubbs: So we have the income and the expense in there. I mean effectively youre charging a management fee but it gets eliminated in consolidation. So there is no really benefit on the revenue side and no expense on the cost side.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Okay, thanks. And then just a, I am sorry go ahead.
Scott Stubbs: As you say, so effectively weve assumed the management fee has gone away.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Okay, but can you quantify what that number is for modeling purposes?
Scott Stubbs: I dont have that in front of me right now. We would have to put out in a later presentation or information in the market.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thanks. And then, Spencer, just following up on your January comments, where did occupancy end January?
Spencer Kirk: I dont feel comfortable commenting on that quite yet Paula.
Scott Stubbs:  Yes, part of the problem remember Paula is we have a change in same-store pool, so to give that it could cost some confusion but we would tell you occupancy held in January.
Spencer Kirk:  It was a good month. 
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Okay, thanks guys.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Paula.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Please proceed.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks. Just a couple quick follow-ups here, why were street rates up in the fourth quarter?
Spencer Kirk: Street rates in the fourth quarter were relatively flat, Ki Bin. We kept our rates relatively flat as part of our strategy to maintain occupancy and hopefully push them going into the busy season this year.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Im sorry, flat, do you mean quarter-on-quarter or flat year-over-year?
Spencer Kirk: Year-over-year, so if you compare October to October, November to November, and December to December.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And last question. You had about -- you booked about $5.1 million of acquisition costs. You only closed about $310 million. That represents about 1.6%. Is that -- seems high. Could you comment on that? Is that 5.1 million fully dedicated or related to 310 million or were you looking at other deals that didnt fall through?
Spencer Kirk: No, it actually has about 1% relating to the acquisition cost and then you have about 2.5 million of diffidence in there. So our diffidence is actually in two lines on our income statement partly because of how we handle the diffidence and how for accounting purposes we had to treat that. So in our acquisition costs theres about $2.5 million of diffidence.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay that clears it up, thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Ki Bin.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum with UBS. Please proceed.
Jeremy Metz - UBS: Hey, this is Jeremy. Just had a quick two follow-ups, one just as you look at the existing JVs you have, what sort of opportunity is there to buy out more of those as you look forward?
Spencer Kirk: Jeremy, it is Spencer. As you know part of the reason we have done third-party management JV is because ultimately we think they are good acquisition opportunities and historically that has proven to be the case where frequently we get the first and only call when the owner decides to transact. Going forward it is very difficult for us to prognosticate when our partner, our JV partner may want to sell and we are not in a habit of going to our JV partners and saying hey you want to sell it, it's kind of going over to your neighbor and knocking on the door and say hey I'd like to buy your house. It's going to jack up the price and cause an unnatural transaction to take place. And so what we have done is we've tried to be a good partner. We have maximized the results. We know that we'll be in storage in perpetuity and we know that most of our JV partners at some point will be looking for liquidity. And when it's the good time and the appropriate time for them, we'll be ready to transact. So we dont model anything in and sometimes we end up with a very nice transaction that we possibly could not have forecast and that will continue to be the case. The only thing I can tell you is we have several billion dollars worth of properties held in joint venture relationships and we think we're in a really good position to capitalize when our partner decides to sell.
Jeremy Metz - UBS: Okay, so you wait for them to really come to you on those?
Spencer Kirk: Absolutely.
Jeremy Metz - UBS: And then I know you are in the process of building a portfolio and not selling, but given the strong bid that's out there right now for storage have you put any thought into selling any of these weaker assets or markets where you just have very limited exposure, only a few assets and maybe not a stronghold there?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, we do Jeremy. The short answer is -- in the weaker markets are the more thinly populated markets and I'm talking where we have just a few assets. We look at it, we consider it two things. Number one we need to look at the financing that is on those assets and number two we have to look at the impact on our operations because we may have third-party management contracts in those markets and you dont want to diminish your economies of scale. So it sounds simple in rebalancing the portfolio and selling in those secondary and tertiary markets which we have a few of. But we take them on case-by-case basis and you've hit the nail on the head, we're building a Company and we're trying to expand our footprint and our reach not contracted.
Jeremy Metz  UBS:  So it's safe to assume there is none baked in the guidance either than?
Spencer Kirk: That's correct.
Jeremy Metz - UBS: Great, thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Jeremy. Alright, it's Spencer. We thank you for your interest in Extra Space today. We appreciate your time and we look forward to next quarter's call. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. And you may all now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-29 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Clint Halverson - VP, IR Spencer Kirk - CEO Karl Haas - COO and EVP Scott Stubbs - CFO and EVP
Analysts: Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors Shahzeb Zakaria - Macquarie David Toti - Cantor Nick Joseph - Citi Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Salinksky - RBC Capital Markets Ross Nussbaum  UBS RJ Milligan - Raymond James & Associates Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q3 2013 Extra Space Storage Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Glenn and I'll be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now like to turn the conference over to your host for today Mr. Clint Halverson. Please proceed sir.
Clint Halverson: Thank you, Glenn. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's third quarter 2013 conference call. In addition to our press release, we've furnished unaudited, supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Tuesday, October 29, 2013. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. With that, Id now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer Kirk :   Good afternoon. The self storage industry finds itself in a great operating environment. New supply remains low and customer demand remains stable, occupancies are at historically high levels and discounting is at record lows. While these are certainly buoyant times for storage operators we are not complacent and we continue to leverage our sophisticated platform and unique structure to produce double digit FFO growth. Excluding one time acquisition related charges our year-over-year FFO growth was up 21% for the quarter.  Since our IPO in 2004 we have grown our footprint by over 700%, we hit a significant milestone as we finished the quarter with over 1,000 Extra Space branded properties. We continue to be disciplined and creative in our approach to acquiring properties both in the open market and in the off market. Year-to-date we have purchased 30 assets for over 290 million and we have an additional 40 assets under contract for over 240 million.  In addition year-to-date we have also added 72 branded assets to our management program for a total of 253 managed assets. Our growth is due in large part to a long history of building and cultivating mutually beneficial relationships. We will continue to evaluate and pursue opportunities to increase shareholder value.  I will now turn the time over to Karl.
Karl Haas : Thanks Spence. Third quarter occupancy remained at record high levels. We ended the quarter at 90.6% up 1.7% over last year, street rates were up around 3% during the quarter, discounts to new customers were down by 12%. As a result we had same store revenue growth of 7.8% for the quarter. We saw expenses trending towards more normalized levels; increases were due to growth in payroll, insurance, repairs and maintenance expenses. Net operating income for the quarter was 9.7% and we are on track to have one of our best years ever. With that I will turn it over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs : Thanks, Karl. Last night we reported FFO of $0.46 per share, which includes a non-recurring expense of $0.08 from the extinguishment of debt on All Aboard transaction. Also included in FFO was a one time benefit of $0.02 from recent debt modifications. Adjusting for these one-time events FFO was $0.52 per share. FFO as adjusted was $0.57 per share when you adjust for the one time benefit from the debt modification we ended at $0.55 per share. We had another good quarter for acquisitions. During the quarter we purchased 22 assets for $215 million located in Arizona and California. 20 of the properties acquired were from the All Aboard transaction in California. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we closed on two additional properties for $18 million located in Georgia and North Carolina. As of today, we have an additional 40 assets under contract for just over $241 million. It is anticipated that these acquisitions will close by year end. Based on our acquisition activity and our operational performance we have increased our full year 2013 FFO guidance to be from $1.95 to $1.97 per share. This estimate includes non-cash interest expense, acquisition related cost and onetime charges. When adjusted for this items FFO is estimated to be from 2.09 to 2.11 for the full year. I'll now turn the time back to Spencer for some closing remarks. 
Spencer Kirk : Thanks Scott. I want to recognize the efforts of all of our hard working employees that collectively generated this quarter's outstanding results. We are committed to keeping our focus on the operational excellence in the growth of Extra Space. I'd now like to turn the time over to Clint to start Q&A.
Clint Halverson :  Thanks Spence. In order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyones question. I'd simply ask that everyone keep your initial questions limited to two, if time allows, we'll address follow on questions once everyone has had an opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that we'd like to turn it over Glen to start our Q&A session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from the line of Michael Knott with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors:  Hey guys. Sure seems like everything is going well for you guys. Can you talk about new supply as maybe a potential chink in the armor looking forward in terms of the industry outlook? 
Spencer Kirk : Good afternoon Michael, it's Spencer. It's really interesting I went to the SSA trade show in Las Vegas and development of course was a very hot topic. But if I could say alright, this was the actual conversation, how many of you folks have actually gone down to Home Depot and bought a shovel. Well the audience have people saying theyre getting the development game narrowed pretty dramatically. And then when you asked the follow up question, alright those of you that did buy a shovel how many of you have actually stuck it in mother Earth and turned over some dirt, and it further narrowed. So I think there is an awful lot of interest Michael. I would say there is not so much action. Here and there we are seeing development starts, but as weve said on many, many calls right now to our best guesstimate the new supply that is scheduled or has been contemplated or is actually under construction today does not even approximate the amount of supply necessary to keep up with the population increase. 
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Okay. Thanks Spencer. Thats helpful. I would be curious also to get your take on just the transaction market. It seems like cap rates continue to go down and values continue to go up. So just curious any thoughts you have on that and sort of your ability to operate within that construct and be creative and disciplined as you've said. And it looks like you tapped maybe the Harrison Street JV to buy that back. Can you just talk a little bit about those things?
Spencer Kirk : Yes. We are creative, we are leveraging relationships both in the open market. We want to be competitive as well as in the off market transactions and once again this quarter we did an off market transaction that was favorable. For us there is a compression of cap rates, our goal as a company is to remain disciplined. If you said where is the core transactional range for what we're doing at Extra Space Id call it between the 6 and the 7. There might be a property or two where you end up in the high 5s conversely you might end up in the mid 7s, but the core transactional volume we're doing is in the 6 to 7 range and we want to make sure that the transactions we do are accretive. And so far we have been very disciplined in making sure that that is the end result.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors:  Thanks guys.
Spencer Kirk:  Thanks Michael.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Shahzeb Zakaria with Macquarie. Please proceed.
Shahzeb Zakaria - Macquarie: Thank you for taking my question. It seems like you guys raised your 4Q guidance by - for FFO per share by about $0.015, was that impacted at all by the increased acquisitions? And if so, are you able to quantify that?
Spencer Kirk: The acquisition volume increased so it went up, quantifying it, it went up by $100 million at, its probably $0.01 to $0.02 in there and then your property performance also went up. So I am trying to understand how you came up with your $0.015. I would tell you the accretive acquisitions are going to be one to two pennies in the current year.
Shahzeb Zakaria - Macquarie: Got it. And just one follow-up, so at a media there in New York you guys disclosed that August was the best August that you have ever had in the companys history. Did that momentum carry into September as well? How does September compare with the past Septembers and if you could also give us an update on October that would be great?
Scott Stubbs:  Yeah. This is Scott. August was actually our best in terms of rentals that we've ever seen as far as the eight year running history that we have. September was on the lower end of that. So part of it was where the weekends fell and then October is right back into the norm. So our rentals and vacates continue at the norm more or towards the upper-end in terms of rentals and vacates.
Shahzeb Zakaria - Macquarie: Got it. That is helpful, guys. Thank you so much.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Shahzeb.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line David Toti with Cantor. Please proceed.
David Toti - Cantor:  Hey, guys.
Spencer Kirk:  Hey David.
David Toti - Cantor: Karl, a question for you, absolute rent growth appeared to accelerate in the quarter obviously on improved occupancy levels and market demand. Whats your, I guess first of all, what were the dynamics in the quarter that sort of comprised that growth and whats your expectation going forward relative to where youre seeing the most pricing strength either in place rentals or with the street rates?
Karl Hass: In my view we are basically seeing just a continuation of what weve had in the last two years. And rentals are strong, we really were seeing occupancy hold always stronger than we expected, but our revenue management system really drives everything. And we set some general guidance for it, but its going to adjust rates, adjust discounts and how aggressive we are on the web, how much money we are spending on the web. All of it comes together to generate what we think is going to generate the best results and we see that working. And I know everybody likes to talk about [rates here][ph], but lets talk about the rentals and vacates. The problem is if rentals go up and vacates go up, you really havent, it really hasnt done you that much good. We focus on the occupancy delta and as we ended the quarter at 1.7 and over the last year and I can tell you beginning of the year we did not expect to be at that level. So the market is strong where we are seeing some real strength, our rates probably arent as strong as far as the delta to prior year as we would like, but some of that has to do with, we are getting really aggressive in reducing discounting. And so discounting and do we really care if we are going to get seven whatever percent, 7.4%, 7.6% and 7.8% revenue growth, do we care if its coming from lower discounts or higher rates? Not really, as long as we are getting to our maximum number.
David Toti - Cantor: Okay. Thats helpful. And then Scott, I just have a question for you. There are a couple of one-time items in the quarter unusual for you guys especially related to capital structure. What are some of the near-term goals in your mind for the company in the next couple of quarters relative to keeping the balance sheet in check with your external growth activities? And secondarily, are there some goals about further reducing leverage or recasting or re-terming some of that existing debt on top of what you have already done?
Scott Stubbs: Yeah, David, first of all Id tell you, I think our leverage is appropriate. I think that we are at a level that is sustainable going forward. I think our goal during this last couple of years has been to set ourselves up for future growth. We want to make sure that our capital stack is diversified. We would like to have, in the past weve been a 100% secured, we would like to maybe add a little bit of diversity in there and have a little bit more unsecured. So our main goal here is to reduce the interest expense as much as possible your average interest rate and also set us up for the ability to grow. We want to make sure there are leverages that are in position where we have the ability to grow and where we have the ability to roll our debt. I mean the last thing we want to do is be back in 2008 or 2009 where many companies had loans that were cross collateralized or they had all their debt coming due at once, so weve tried to layer our debt and make sure we are ready to grow in the future.
David Toti - Cantor: Okay. Thanks for the detail today.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, David.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi. Please proceed.
Nick Joseph - Citi: Great, thanks. It's actually Nick Joseph here with Michael. Going back to the transaction market, what was the blended cap rate on the acquisitions in the quarter and for the additional properties under contract?
Scott Stubbs: This is Scott. On average we would tell you it's between 6% and 7% and then the same is true for the transactions that we're anticipating closing. Just maybe one point of clarification to Shahzebs question earlier on how much accretion or additional FFO is being generated by the additional acquisitions. That is without acquisition cost. Our acquisition cost we anticipate to be 1% of whatever we buy. And so we continue to buy things in an accretive price, but pricings become more aggressive.
Nick Joseph - Citi: Great, thanks. And then I appreciate your comments on potential new supply and if that supply does come where would you expect it to deliver first?
Spencer Kirk: This is Spencer, Nick. I think realistically you are going to see new supply coming where land costs are not as challenging, I think in the Class A markets. Of course everybody wants to get in there, but the barriers to entry are very high and most of the development that has ever been done in this business has been done by the smaller operators, the mom and pops, not the REITs. So you're going to get a lot of supply I think initially coming in secondary and tertiary markets. I think it's going to be much more muted in the core markets.
Nick Joseph - Citi: Great, thanks.
Spencer Kirk: You're welcome.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo: Hi. Thanks guys. I know you won't engage in ground up development on your own, but what's kind of your comfort level teaming up with the developer whether it would be a joint venture or through financing new construction?
Spencer Kirk: Todd, good afternoon, this is Spencer. We are looking at JV development opportunities potentially. Once again, its got to be a really good fit. Its got to be in markets that are nice operational overlay to where we're currently doing business. And number three it needs to meet our criteria of what we called the 3 Cs of a partnership. We need partners that have character that we can trust that have integrity. We need partners that have capacity. We get literally dozens and dozens of inquiries of people who want to do a development and have Extra Space fund all of it, take all of the financial risk and they participate at the end with some advantageous split to them having taken no risk, we're not interested in that, we need people really stand shoulder-to-shoulder. And number three we need competency. We are not interested in a homebuilder saying I am thinking about doing some storage, we need someone thats got a proven track record. So you take character, capacity and competency that narrows down the field. You take the operational footprint, it further narrows it. And in a few selected cases you may in the future see some JV development, but its going to be limited.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo: Thank you for the color, Spencer. But and just a yield requirement or a premium over acquisition cap rates. Is there a set basis point number that you need to achieve?
Spencer Kirk: There is and I can tell you its going to depend on the market, but I think somewhere between 250 and 350 basis points is probably a reasonable range for us to say this makes sense. Once again, its market dependent and there could be a little variation of that.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo:  Sure. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Jordan Sadler here with me as well. First question, I just wanted to circle back to the discounting, and I was just wondering if you can talk about maybe where we are in the spectrum of sort of reducing discounts and concessions and also maybe even refining your marketing and advertising spend. I guess, if we just think sort of broadly about your tenant acquisition cost overall, maybe you can help us understand or quantify sort of how much room there still as to reduce tenant acquisition cost at this point?
Karl Haas: This is Karl. I dont really focus on tenant acquisition cost per say, I guess in the what we do on the internet is driven by [thriving] demand determining where we want the demand and going after it and making sure that were effectively spending the money that we've decided that we wanted to go to it. As far as the discounting, its really relatively simple and that we've always operated with thresholds at which discounts go away and we actually in certain times a year in busy season we raise these thresholds. So we even give less away and within the rise and occupancy gets at all of our sites, were just giving away a lot less. Its a hard thing to break. I will tell you our biggest problem has been just that our managers or sir used to having discounts and everywhere and everybody in the industry has vendors up saying one month free. And the nice part is right now well always have something probably in almost every site offering one month free, but its getting less and less and then we are refining how we identify the units that are available for discount. We used just had it every unit type would sit by itself, but now we actually [bucketize] into and we started that in the middle of this year and what we found is that even its had a more positive impact on our discounting. So we still think we have some runway on reduced discounting and if and I am not saying we will, but if our occupancy went higher wed probably even see less discounts.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: So what percent of the customers, I guess the 43,000 rentals that you had in the same store during the quarter, how many of those renters received the discount and what was the value of those discounts in the quarter?
Karl Haas:  I dont have that right in front of me, its less, I know its less than in the prior quarter. Weve been trending down every quarter and discounts, I focus more on discounts as a percentage of our rental income and that was running anywhere up to about 6% to 6.5%, now its down to the low 5s and almost in the 4s.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thats helpful. And if I could one last one, I just noticed in the same store expense detail the tenant insurance expenses were up about 90%, this is only $500,000 or so, but can you just talk about what that increase was?
Scott Stubbs:  Yeah, its really couple of things Todd. Last year the expenses were slightly below an average run rate. So last years number was a little bit low. And then in the current quarter, we had buyers at two of our. So it increased the amount of payouts to those properties. So a low quarter last year and higher quarter for the two specific buyers.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Salinksky with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Michael Salinksky - RBC Capital Markets: Good afternoon, guys. Just going back to pricing, you talked about what youre paying for assets, but can you talk about the market in general, what you see in the last call at 90 days and how that compares in terms of these transactions in the market overall?
Spencer Kirk: It is tough for us to give you real cap rates and what other people are paying. We know that we are not getting many of the marketed deals. When people quote cap rates often they are backwards looking, sometimes they are forward looking, do they include a management fee, do they not, property tax has been adjusted. So in our mind, whenever we quote a cap rate we want to focus on year one. We would tell you that any deal that has been marketed we have not been overly successful. Weve been able to get one or two deals, but we definitely are getting majority. So we would tell you that we are off by as much as 10% on pricing.
Michael Salinksky - RBC Capital Markets: I appreciate your color there. And second for Karl. I appreciate the color on the discounting and street rate growth, but as you look at the market today, I mean is the market keeping pace with you, when you look at some of the smaller operators in terms of reducing discounts pushing street rates or are you guys basically pulling the market at this point?
Karl Haas: No, I think others are doing the same thing. I dont know about the real smaller local operators, the advantage that we have as we have so much information and I think will be control what goes on at the properties a little bit tighter than a lot of local operators, but I think our public peers are pretty much doing the same that we're doing.
Michael Salinksky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, that's helpful. And then finally just a touch back on the development, just as a bridge gap for that, would you guys look at being mezzanine partner on something like that and buying it out once it's completed, being kind of a financing source. So would have to be just kind of (inaudible) joint venture. 
Karl Haas: CFO deals Michael are something would consider. Youve taken the construction risk out of the equation, now you are up to lease-up risk, and Extra Space has a good track record of leasing up assets, it's something we know, it's something we're comfortable with. And yeah, a CFO deal would consider it.
Spencer Kirk: When you say mezzanine, I guess it depends a bit on what do you mean that, would we be a lender on development? Yeah, we would consider that. I think that if it didn't significantly, if it wasn't a real risky deal, yes we would consider it, but we would do CFO deals for sure. 
Michael Salinksky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Appreciate the color guys. Thank you 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum with UBS. Please proceed.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Two questions guys. First is on acquisition funding for the Q4 pending acquisition, what's the game plan there?
Spencer Kirk: So we have announced about $535 million in acquisitions. We did a $250 million exchangeable earlier this year as part of the yellow board $200 million transaction. We did about a $100 in OP. So we have more than enough capacity on our lines of credit to get those acquisitions done. 
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Okay. Second question is on pricing power and we have seen over the last couple of months a significantly more challenging consumer environment, I probably used the word lousy with retailers from the low end of the spectrum to the high end of the spectrum putting up flatter sales within the mall REITs put up flat sales. So it would seem to me that the consumer is telling us something here that there are a little spend for a lack of a better word. So I guess in that kind of a context, I am curious how you guys think about pricing power in the storage industry going forward when its clear that retailers are struggling on that perspective?
Karl Haas: Its Karl. I think the difference is a very large portion of our customer base needs it. Its not -- theyre not out there just shopping, going to the mall and having to stop in, feeling flush with cash and buying stuff at just kind of leisure. So much of what we get or people that have an event in their life and they need some storage and a lot of whove never used it, we still are -- statistics still tell us that 50% of the people that come in rent from us never used it before. They come in, they dont know what it costs and so its really a matter of what everybody is charging. And our occupancy is high, our discounts are down and so all of us are going to, are pushing rates more. And I think until the new supply comes in and we have to worry about where the demand is going to come from, the pi stands the same and if anything the larger operators are taking a bigger piece of the pi. And so I think it bodes well until that dynamic of new supply coming on happens, we're going to be in a pretty good position to be able to give more for what we have.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS:  Okay. And last question, you guys have obviously been aggressive on the acquisition front over half a billion this year. Can you talk about your disposition strategy, given where cap rates have fallen to why not take the opportunity to start pruning out some of the lower performers in the portfolio here?
Spencer Kirk: Yeah. Ross, its Spencer. That's nothing we look at. A lot of the properties that we have fall under a couple of considerations, when you talk about dispositions. Number one, can you even dispose of them because of the financing thats on them, I think CMBS. Second question, all right if you dispose this asset in a certain market, you just change the denominator over which you are fixed expenses get spread. We are not in a huge hurry to dispose of a lot of assets. Were building a company, were building a platform, were building a brand. And you might see a few and I am talking single digits cycle out of our system, but this is not something we are aggressively pursuing.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Thank you.
Spencer Kirk :  Thanks Ross.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line RJ Milligan with Raymond James & Associates. Please proceed.
RJ Milligan - Raymond James & Associates: Hey good afternoon. Guys we've seen a lot of activity over the past couple of quarters. In terms of acquisitions we've seen several large portfolios get snatched up. And based on what you are seeing come into market and I guess sellers pricing expectations, do you think that pace of acquisitions have we seen over the past two quarters are sustainable? Do you think well see an acceleration or deceleration what are your thoughts there?
Spencer Kirk : No one knows RJ, what the future is going to hold. I was out touring and looking at some properties and having a couple of discussions with brokers and next with our own internal analysis. Obviously the higher, the more willing the sellers are going to become. And I personally offer my opinion, I think through 2014 you will see a pace that is at least comparable to what you have seen in 2013, but I will also put a caveat that the larger asset pools for larger portfolios are becoming more and more scares, there just arent that many $200 million, $300 million, $400 million, $500 million portfolios hanging out there. And I think if there would be any trendings would be towards the same acquisition volume if not more, but perhaps smaller portfolios not larger ones coming to the marketplace. And only time will prove whether this opinion is correct or incorrect.
RJ Milligan - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And Spencer can you talk about any negotiations or what do you think the opportunity set is to continue to buy out joint venture partners?
Spencer Kirk :  What we want to do is when our partners approach us, be in a position to transact. We want to work to produce the very best result we are not going to go to them and try to break apart a perfectly functional partnership. We are incline to meeting the need of our JV partners and having them come to us at the appropriate time, which is part of the reason why its difficult for Extra Space to prognosticate what the acquisition activity level will be in a given year because we are not actively prospecting our JV partners. We are waiting for them signal that its time for them to redeploy capital and at that point we want to be the first and only call because we have treated them well and that formula seems to be working to our advantage. 
RJ Milligan - Raymond James & Associates: All right, thanks, guys.
Spencer Kirk : Thanks.
Clint Halverson : Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed. Your line is now open. And your next question comes from the line of Paula Poskon with Robert W. Baird
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Thank you and good afternoon everyone. Karl, a couple of questions for you. Can you update us on what the tenant insurance penetration rate is in the overall portfolio?
Karl Haas : Yeah. It is around 69%.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Thanks. And how is the average length of stay trending between your individual customer base and the commercial business customer base?
Spencer Kirk : No real change. We really have not seen that move highly off and that is whole now. Everything we have been doing really going back to 2008.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Karl, this is your last earnings call?
Karl Haas : It depends what the first quarter of 2014.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Fair enough. And Spencer, just a bigger picture question for you. Do you think the -- I mean obviously the self storage stocks have had a tremendous run here. Do you think the current valuations are adequately pricing in the growth potential?
Spencer Kirk : I will say I am very comfortable where Extra Space is priced, that demotic I just pull up that there is limited supply, but there has been a tendency of the internet. We have not very sophisticated revenue management program that Karl talked about this is optimized pricing. And all of the results that the public companies have posted in the storage sector have been in spite of a crappy economy. If the economy continues to heal, we just see further upside. So for me I'm optimistic about the future and I think that the larger publicly traded companies are going to continue to produce decent results. 
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Thanks, Spencer. 
Spencer Kirk : Thanks Paula.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed. 
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets : Hi it's Jordan Sadler with Todd. Curious about sort of the range of street rate increases you have seen across your markets. I think the blended number you said was 3% year-over-year. But what sort of like the high and a low point, I mean and I came more about the high point actually?
Karl Haas : Probably, I don't think we have any markets where street rates are much above that 5% above the prior year. And the low point is probably around 2% to 2.5%, it's strange but the DC markets, ball from a DC market is one that probably stands out as one that hits me is being where we've had our harder time pushing rates. Obviously not surprisingly Boston and going up into the Silicon Valley, those are doing better.  
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. It's interesting. So as you would describe it I mean I guess economic conditions, but it's also it seems like prevailing economic conditions just sort of having added it driving the markets that have better street rate upside, is that fair?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, not surprising.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then could you give us a little bit more color on the assets that are under contract, I mean markets, I didnt catch, maybe occupancies?
Karl Haas: With that many assets its really pretty diverse as far as the markets, I mean they go from Hawaii to Florida. And as far as occupancy we have 19 where we're buying at a joint venture partner thats very similar to ours. And then we have a few other managed ones that are very similar. But I believe its 20 states. And so its a pretty diverse spread there.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thats helpful. And then just lastly on the most recent third-party deals, the terms of those deals similar to previous deals consistent any change?
Spencer Kirk: No change, we have not had offer different management fee structures or anything else we have held through to the program. The integrity of the program is very important to us and our success is because of our previous track record and we're very excited about the upside in this program as we go forward.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Do you see risk to that business at all and is it getting more competitive from a pricing standpoint?
Spencer Kirk: Yes. The competition is keenly aware and there are pricing pressures and other factors, but as we look at what we are able to offer a mom and pop or an operator of few assets. I think we have a compelling proposition that says we are competitive. We produce an outstanding result and we know how to work exceptionally well with partners. Unlike any other publicly traded pair, this company has about 50% of the assets under the Extra Space brand that are either only partially owned or non-owned. And we for 15 years have structured our systems and our business and our management team around an ability to work and play well in a partnership. And I think our track record speaks for itself. So I think we are in a good position to not only continue the growth that we have experienced so far, but perhaps even see an acceleration in the growth rate.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets: That's helpful. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Jordan.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Knott with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Hi guys. Curious on your comments, I think Karl made them earlier that the year-over-year occupancy gap has been sustained at a higher level than you would have thought at the beginning of the year. Im just curious as you think about how you go about maximizing revenues whether the high occupancy rates that youve achieved and the Public Storage has achieved, does that make you re-think where your occupancy could end up peeking, is there more room for this year-over-year gap to continue same where it is even as we head into next year?
Karl Haas: This is Karl.
Spencer Kirk: Yes.
Karl Haas: We are, I think were constantly are re-thinking it and we dont know what the right answer is, perfect answer, I dont know. And I guess if anybody should know we would have as many as good as chance as anybody to know what the right answer is. Its hard for us to believe that 94% and 95% is what we would be shooting for. It seems to be working for Public Storage, but they operate a little bit differently. And we see its a combination of less discounts and certainly at 95% youd even be giving away less discounts, so thats a plus. But the ability to push rates as hard as maybe we would like to push we are getting away getting that high for us. So we are higher than we thought. We originally were thinking wed probably peak out at 88, 87, 88, now we are peaking out at 91 and averaging more like 90 instead of 89 or 87. So it could go higher. As I said, our system drives it and about the only thing we do is we give some general guidelines to revenue management and we dont want to see occupancy drop dramatically, but if they determine that where we are right now is the right level to maximize revenue or if our systems do then you will see that delta go down some. But I cant rule out that it wouldnt, we couldnt be here a year from now and be a point to point and a half to two points higher.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors:   Okay. Thanks for that. And then it sounds like, Spencer, if the economy were to get on a better footing you would continue to foresee an even stronger demand picture for storage with limited supply so it almost seems like sky is the limit potentially in terms of pricing power and rent growth, is that a fair interpretation?
Karl Haas: I am not going to say that sky is the limit Michael, but I will say that I for one would not suggest that the best stages are behind Extra Space, the best stages are ahead of Extra Space.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Just a couple of quick follow-ups. You have several JVs that are not in the promote yet, and so the first question, are those based on just at the level of NOI or is that IRR based which might be negative appraisals and given where CapEx have gone, are we getting closer such a time for some of the larger JVs that you manage to promote?
Spencer Kirk: Those all have preferred IRRs, so in other words they need to hit a preferred return and what happen with many of those joint ventures is we bought them as part of the story just say acquisition. And then between that time and today, you went through a pretty major recession. So those havent been up to the original projections, but they are doing very well nonetheless.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Could you comment on how close we could be or?
Spencer Kirk: It varies by JV and the IRR is very dependent on whether or not the JV, whether or not the fund allows debt or no debt, so its going to vary by JV, and so I wouldnt feel comfortable commenting today.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, thats fine. Your CFO, Scott Stubbs, had already. Your same store expenses still fairly low from year-over-year growth rate standpoint, but (inaudible) a little bit. And it seems like from other regions associated that are close to a lot of these have previously report a higher expenses and such a royalty taxes going forward. Is it a or at this more, slightly more elevated level from the estimated low level long term run rate?
Spencer Kirk: So the same-store expenses, we would tell you are high for the quarter partly because you had a negative same-store comparison last year. So this year actually looks probably worst than it would, if it was against a normal year. We would tell you that getting back more to normal run rates and they should continue to grow more at the rate of inflation. 
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And just last quick question, what is your average new tenant length of stay and how got you changed that on the past couple of year? And I know typically companies will talk about the average tenant duration, but what are the average new tenants today, how long do you think?
Spencer Kirk: Ki Bin, I don't have the exact number in front of me, but it's around 12.6 months and it's picked up just slightly year over year. 
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Spencer Kirk for closing remarks. 
Spencer Kirk: Thank you everybody for your interest in Extra Space today. We'll see you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Clint Halverson - VP, IR Spencer Kirk - CEO Karl Haas - COO and EVP, Operations Scott Stubbs - CFO and EVP
Analysts:  Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Market David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald Christy McElroy - UBS Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors Kevin Ken - SunTrust Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird Todd Stender - Wells Fargo RJ Milligan - Raymond James & Associates Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets Ross Nussbaum - UBS Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the second quarter 2013 Extra Space Storage Earnings Conference Call, my name is Derek and I'll be your operator for today, at this time all participants are in a listen only mode, we shall facilitate a question and answer session at the end of the conference. (Operator Instructions), as a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Clint Halverson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Clint Halverson: Thank you, Derek. Welcome everyone to Extra Space Storage's Second Quarter 2013 conference call, in addition to our press release we've furnished unaudited, supplemental information that you can access on our website, please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Friday, August 2nd, 2013. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. With that, Id now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Clint. Hello everyone. Q2 was another excellent quarter for extra space, fundamentals remained strong and while there has been an increased interest in new construction we have yet to see any significant new supply in the markets in which we are located. Our technology platform, Advanced Revenue Management System, internet prowess and unique operating structure have again produced outstanding FFO growth, FFO was up 32% over the same quarter last year and we were able to increase our dividend by 60%, our disciplined and creative approach to sourcing and executing on acquisitions that enhance shareholder value has been validated. During the quarter we placed two portfolios located in core markets under contract for over $300 million, these transactions are a great representation of the value in building and cultivating mutually beneficially relationships. Now I'd like to turn the time over to Karl.
Karl Haas: Thanks Spence. During the first quarter we had same store revenue growth of 7.8%, that was on top of 6.7% we realized in the second quarter last year, rentals and vacates are within historical norms, our square foot occupancy remained with record high levels ending the quarter at 90.8%, that's up a 1.8% over last year.  Street rates were up 3-4% for the quarter, discounts for new customers during the quarter were down 12% and the percentage of new customers receiving a discount was down over 10%, year over year. We saw expenses shift towards the norm, increases were due to growth on payroll, insurance and repairs and maintenance expense. Net operating income for the quarter was 10.4%; this is notable when you consider that net operating income was up 10.2% in the second quarter last year. Higher rates, lower discounts, stable rental demand and high occupancies continue to support record high performance. With that I'd like to turn it over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Karl. Last night we reported FFO of $0.50 per share, this is $0.01 above the high end of our guidance, this can be attributed to better than expected same store property and tenant insurance results. During the quarter we purchased four assets for approximately 48 million located in Hawaii, Maryland and Texas. Subsequent to the end of the quarter we closed on two additional properties for approximately $9 million, located in Arizona. Year to date we have closed on just over $70 million in acquisitions. As of today we have an additional 37 assets under contract for just over 300 million. 20 of these assets located throughout Northern and Southern California are from the previously announced OP unit transaction for 206 million, the remaining 17 assets are located in seven states. We anticipate that these acquisitions will close by early in the fourth quarter.  During the quarter we continue to evolve our balance sheet and execute it at $250 million exchangeable bond offering. This unsecured financing fits well with our commitment to increase our financial flexibility. Based on our acquisition activity our new data estimates and our operational performance we have updated our full year 2013 FFO guidance to be between a $1.96 and $2.01 per share. We expect FFO for the third quarter to be between $0.49 and $0.51. These estimates include non-cash interest expense and acquisition related costs. When you adjust for these items FFO is estimated to be between $2.01 and $2.06 for the full year and between $0.51 and $0.53 for the third quarter. With that, I'll now turn the time back to Spencer.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Scott. Our results show that we have the platform, the properties and the people to propel our performance. Same store results were strong but more importantly we had another outstanding quarter in FFO growth because of the multiple components or levers that we used to drive profitability. The operating environment remains positive and we remain focused in our efforts to optimize occupancy, maximize revenue and minimize expenses, we believe we will continue to produce double digit FFO growth for the foreseeable future. Let's turn the time over to Clint to start our Q&A session.
Clint Halverson: Thank you, Spencer. In order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyone's questions, as in the past I'd remind everyone to keep your initial questions brief and if possible limited to two, if time allows we'll address follow on questions once everyone has had an opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that, we'll turn it over to Derek to start our Q&A session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) and our first question is coming from the line of Todd Thomas, KeyBanc Capital Market.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Market: I'm on with Jordan Sandler as well. First question, just in terms of acquisitions it looks like acquisition activity overall appears to be ramping up a bit and I was wondering longer time, I know the business is scalable so adding property to the platform makes sense, but I would just be curious to hear your thoughts about the company's appetite to invest today.
Spencer Kirk: Todd and Jordan, this is Spencer. We are seeing a large volume of acquisitions coming to the market, mainly in smaller one off transactions, it's interesting to note that seller expectations are incredibly, might even be characterized in some cases as ridiculous, so for Extra Space we want to participate where it makes sense, we want to remain disciplined and make sure that what we do adds value for our shareholders.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Market: Okay, so it's been a few quarters since anything's really surfaced from within the joint venture portfolio, are you having any discussions with your partners there, any indication that there could be some opportunity there in the near term?
Spencer Kirk: What I can say about the JV relationships, you know we've got 279 properties in JV relationships, we do have discussions, we give annual reports to our partners, if not quarterly reports in some cases and of course we're wanting to engage in the dialogue. But we don't want to be too eager, because that's going to drive up the price and be counterproductive. And so as I have said in the past, what we want to do is be a great partner and when our partner decides that it's time to monetize their assets, already will enable to transact and hopefully will be able to do something that is win-win situation for both parties.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Market: If I could just sneak just one in for Scott. I was just curious about the thought process behind the exchangeable notes offering, maybe relative to a more traditional five year off bank financing. And I was just wondering in terms of the pricing also, I think you got priced a little bit outside of the range that you are initially targeting 1.2% to 2%.or so. So just curious if you received any feedback maybe wondering why price where it did relative to your initial expectations? 
Spencer Kirk: I think the initial expectations we went in with were probably more relevant to the market as it had been, maybe two weeks or month prior to that, the market was pretty choppy, the week before, and then month after. So we have been probably a little bit more optimistic than maybe we should have been. We feel like we priced a deal that was very beneficial to company, its two and three deal with a 30% opt as far as the exchange feature. And we feel like it's going to be a good option for shareholders, I mean the largest benefits for us is unsecured, so it frees up a large group of properties and enables our balance sheet which has become that much stronger because you have fewer properties tied to loan.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Toti, Cantor Fitzgerald.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald:  Spencer question for you, you talked about sort of positive fundamentals. If we think about the rapidly growing supply demand and balance assuming that the macro backdrops did more or less the same. What does '14 look like to you relative to industry fundamentals pricing power and could the supply outlook change relatively quickly next year given these kind of conditions? 
Spencer Kirk:  Lots of question in there David, look 2014 I remain optimistic for a few reasons. First is like the other operator, large operators for publicly traded companies, it appears that we're all kind of in record territory and occupancy that bodes well for perhaps pushing street rates and minimizing discounts.  The new supply question is one that there is a lot of talk, there is a lot of chatter, there is perhaps even some activity, but to get a self-storage properties located in a great location is not a six month deal. It's a multi-year deal to get the entitlements and permits and everything to allow you to build where you are in a retail corridor rather than at the end of some cold (inaudible) in some industrial part.  So with a one year construction timeframe on top of that and a lease up period of two to four years I still maintain to the best of my ability prognosticate that in 2014 there will not be meaningful competition from the news supply chain.  It just takes too long to bring properties to market and have a broad impact. Last and final point if you look at the natural population increase plus immigration the country is growing at about 1% a year about 3 million people. You would need to have on order of 500 to 550 new self-storage properties per year coming into the market to just keep pace with what the population is doing. And so to our way of thinking 2014 weve got strong Internet presence, limited new supply, record occupancies and I see no reason why 2014 wont be a good year for all of the larger operators.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald: And then my second question just has to do more with technology and retail. If we think about your sort of technology advantage the success youve had with the reinsurance product. What could Extras Phase II by way of additional retail delivery, given a relatively massive and captive business to consumer channel? Have you guys explored potentially expanding the sort of secondary kind of high margin retail product delivered?
Spencer Kirk: We have, David, weve done that for 15 years. Im sure other operators have done it for more than 30 years. And what weve learned if I could be really direct customers want five things from the self-storage providers. They dont want prepaid phone cards, they dont want cell phones, they dont want car washes and convenient stores build into the side of a self-storage facility, they want something that is conveniently located to their home. Its clean. Its secure. Youve got someone confident curdiest behind the counter and its a competitive price. You cant be out of balance. You deliver on those five elements and customers are happy. Focus group after focus group has just deliver on these five things and will store with you. You start missing or getting distracted, were going to look somewhere else.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Christy McElroy, UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS: Good morning, guys. Youve been talking for some time about a second half slowdown in revenue growth, and your guidance certainly implies that. Do you still expect your toughest comp to be occupancy? And just from a strategic standpoint, does public storages report last night of 95% occupancy level, give you some encouragement of potentially achieving those levels as well or do you think that youll ever try to manage your portfolio to that higher than occupancy level?
Karl Haas: Christy never is a long time. So, I never thought that wed see any operator operating at 95%. Public does a lot of things very well and it seems to be working for them. I dont anticipate us going to 95% but I would say that as they get to those levels and continue to do well that it makes us think that we might be able to push what we see or what we have previously thought of as our highest level that we might have some more upside. But, our revenue management system really we put a lot of stuff, lot of different metrics in there, its based on whole lot of different metrics, the competitors prices, our occupancy, occupancy by type and everything else. And it spits out what our pricing should be, and kind of balances out the occupancy with the rate and the discount get to what we think is the right answer. So we very well could go higher but right now its not were not anticipating getting to 95% anytime soon.
Christy McElroy - UBS: And, Karl, just looking at the acceleration in your realized rent growth from last quarter. Can you talk about the biggest impact to that number going from 3.3% in Q1 to 4.9% in Q2 and maybe quantify the drivers? I dont know if I missed those, I think I heard you say the discounts were down 12%. But if you could also say what street rents were year-over-year and where you are pushing in place customers?
Karl Haas: The components, what we call the waterfall is 2% from occupancy growth, 3% from street rate, 1% from the delta in the ECRI or existing customer rates and 1% from the reduction in discounting.
Christy McElroy - UBS: And what were your street rents year over year?
Karl Haas: They were up about 3% to 4%. But keep in mind thats the actual street rates. That gets supplement with the reduced discounting that really helps to drive the overall growth.
Christy McElroy - UBS: And did you mention I know you have disclosed this in past quarters the impact on same store revenue growth of the newly added properties for this year?
Spencer Kirk: It's about 80 basis points.
Karl Haas: It has been running like 0.8% to 1%
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Knott, Green Street Advisors
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Karl, just to follow up on that, I am curious if I heard you right the revenue growth impact from street rate increases was 3 to 1 compared to the existing customer increases, is that an atypical relationship? Is that new?
Karl Hass: No. This is pretty consistent with what we have been have seen.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Okay because I was under the impression that street rents were not really strong enough to drive revenue growth so as customers moved out and new customers moved in, I thought most of the rent growth was coming from existing customers.
Karl Hass: Well, you got to keep in mind that what we are talking about is delta year-over-year and our ECRI we have been aggressive on ECRI all the way for the last six or seven may along that eight years, so while it is a big driver of our revenue growth and it does increase what existing customers are paying the delta in what we are doing as far as increases has not gone up that dramatically, does that clarify?
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Yes that helps thanks. And then Spencer, I am just curious if you can talk about Ken Woolley stepping down as CIO and what impact do you think that may or may not on your companys ability to continue to grow externally and just what sort of the long term plan for that role in terms of CIO, thanks.
Spencer Kirk: Its really simple Michael. Ken is a very talented man; he has been Storage for 36 years. With Ken's intellect he will obviously also has a broad and diverse set of business interest and the change, the transition I believe is going to allow Ken to focus on some of those outside interest while still actively engaged in the growth and strategy of Extra Space.  If you think about where Ken can add value, he has got a lot of vision and he is very creative and I think those idea will help propel innovation here at Extra Space but realistically the greatest contribution Ken can offer this company is being in a role where he taps into those long term relationships and utilizes the personal feeling and the personal connection that he can make to drive transactions in the off-market so that Extra Space is able to have meaningful growth without having to overpay for assets and I think if you look at whats going on right now in one of the two portfolios that we announced, Ken had a very-very strong and pronounced role in bringing that to a successful conclusion and thats the role that envision Ken as an Executive Chairman someone help in with strategy and help into leverage relationships so that we can continue to grow in a meaningful and accretive way.
Karl Haas: I would like to add to that where Ken brings value on my side of the business is that he is very and he is a guy that stays at 30,000 fee and helps and we dont need much of it, eight hours a month of him talking to our revenue managers and challenging what theyre doing and he can talk at their level and also bring that practical experience to it and even with me with operations and we dont a lot of Kens time but he is just incredibly valuable and with being able to come in understand things quickly and help kind of tweak the direction and well continue to get that for as long as we wanted and needed.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, I think Michael the answer is he left for Russia 4.5 years ago; he has been back just a little over a year and I think having settled back into his particular stage in life and what the stage that extra spaces in today we have found the right balance for the future its working very-very well.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kevin Ken, SunTrust.
Kevin Ken - SunTrust: Did you guys quote a cap rate on some of the pending deals that you have to close?
Spencer Kirk: Its kind of in the six to seven range.
Kevin Ken - SunTrust: Okay is that range going in or stabilized?
Spencer Kirk: Its forward looking.
Kevin Ken - SunTrust: And could you comment on maybe the couple of other portfolios out there in the market, I know you guys said some forward expectation are seeming crazy, and could you maybe comment on maybe the more in for portfolio what you think that (inaudible) that portfolio is compared to your company's and where you think pricing we comment on that for that property?
Spencer Kirk: First of all I didnt use the word crazy, Kevin, I used ridiculous. Separately into state fleet with regards to the Morningstar, the only observations I would make threefold, number one we bid, number two we werent invited back for round two, and number three we didnt think it was the best operational overlay for our existing footprint. We think there might be better portfolios in terms of where were conducting business and for us I would simply say I dont know where its going to come in ultimately on pricing but were out and were comfortable with it.
Kevin Ken - SunTrust: Would you be willing to state maybe where you guys bid that it didnt get where you didnt get invited back for round two?
Spencer Kirk: I am not going to tell you specifically but I will tell you were in the lower quartile.
Kevin Ken - SunTrust: And just last question one you expenses, it seems like property tax are going up for a lot, these offer other real estate factors, your expense havent really moved up that much is this something that we can - I guess what should we expect going forward longer term?
Spencer Kirk: We would tell its probably similar to inflation 3% to 4% thats what we continue to budget, we have been able to manage that and we hope that continue to come in 1% to 2% where its coming in but our expectation is more in the 3% to 4%.
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Michael Salinsky, RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets:  Spencer you talked 2014 being problem from supply standpoint but as you look out to 2015 given starts does that appear a challenge?
Spencer Kirk:  I dont know yet Michael my crystal ball doesnt go out that far we will have to wait and see what is going on there could be significant new supply and per chance maybe the economy starts to heal and get some momentum so how it plays out I would probably be a fool to speculate on 2015. All I can say is for the foreseeable future we are optimistic that the fundamentals are strong demand is strong the larger operators are taking market share from the smaller operators and we are in a good position.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Second Karl can you talk about the acceleration in street rate growth throughout the quarter and also kind of where you are tracking in July?
Karl Haas:  I wish I could tell you that I had some control over it or that it stays consistent but we are up and down every day based on what the model tells us and so there was really no specific trend up. I will say that and I guess we anticipate the question I might as well answer it now, July was a very good month. We held firm and we are pleased with where July came in.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Spencer, bigger picture question and using your term ridiculous, how would you define ridiculous maybe in terms of where assets are trading versus replacement cost? How big does that delta have to get before you would look at development as another one of the growth engines just given where market pricing is today?
Spencer Kirk: Ridiculous to me is relative and I am only speaking from the Extra Space perspective. We have a certain business model Michael and we want a certain spread on transaction so that we are doing accretive deals and I am not talking accretive in years four and five. Everybodys business model is different and so when I use ridiculous its only from the very narrow perspective of Extra Space.  Obviously in A markets, with A quality assets you can just fight very low cap rates but s you start to get into secondary and tertiary markets with properties that are maybe 10-15 years of age. We have a tough time wrapping our arms around the arithmetic that makes sense for Extra Space. So for us I would say looking down the road for development well just one other comment on purchasing we dont look at replacement cost as the primary thing we look at the cash flow and we are primarily a cap rate buyer. So as you think about development and where the spread becomes large enough I have made the statement a number of times Extra Space is out of the development business. I dont see us getting back into the development business.  It doesnt make sense for this organization now the caveat there might be an occasional property or a joint venture partner that brings considerable other resources to the table where we might enter into a JV program we have nothing to announce today I dont know of anything thats contemplated but we cant preclude that with some other structure we might be willing to enter the game. We shut down a development department and this company has no plans to open one up and re-staff. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paula Poskon, Robert W. Baird. 
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Spencer, what are you seeing from the third party inbound calls? Are you continuing to see that at an accelerating pace and are you accepting more of those, turning away more of those? Just whats happening in that business? 
Spencer Kirk:  There has been an acceleration. I think there is a gradual awaken Paula, between the haves and the haves not and the thing internet is the great divider not the great equalizer. I think our friend Dave Rogers said that, folks arent scared yet but I think there is a growing awareness that there are capabilities with scale and size that the smaller folks cannot replicate. So, we are getting inbound calls but I will tell you, way more than 50% of the calls coming in are getting rejected because either the market is not right, the asset is too small or the asset quality is not appropriate for this company. And so we are selective, we are growing nicely but quite frankly, I don't think were growing as quickly as I would like us to but were going to lower our standards to meet our actions. 
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: And are you seeing any changes in terms of your commercial customers, is that on the uptake as the economy continues to improve?
Spencer Kirk :  No. Whats really interesting Paula is Ive been doing this for over 15 years and the ratio between commercial and residential with very, very, very minor fluctuations has remained the same. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Todd Stender, Wells Fargo. 
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo:  How many all of board acquisition, can you share with us some other details of that portfolio was just in terms of the rent per square foot, have that kind of compare to your current portfolio who knows California markets and maybe what youre strategy is to get the occupancy up which is think is in the mid 70% range? 
Spencer Kirk:   Without getting into too many details on the rent per square foot we would tell you that 12 of the assets are in Southern California, 8 are in the Northern, very good over lay with our existing assets and we would tell were going to manage them very similar to the way we manage our existing ones using the same internet and pricing strategy that we do at our existing. 
Karl Haas: I think we also see some opportunities with our strategy of having multi-tiered pricing, more clear cut multi-tiered pricing and combined with the discounting that we see an opportunity. The pricing wasnt that bad but we think there is some tweaks and some of the things weve been doing for a while that makes us feel like many other properties are very close to our properties and our properties are substantially more occupied and there, so we think that we have just through kind of tweaking what they were doing, we should be able to see some really good growth in occupancy. 
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo: Just at the margin if could stick with you, just with the expansion opportunities, are they in general smaller facilities or anything that you like about the size or of the possibilities to expand them. 
Karl Haas :  Well, they are not overly large. Theyre decent size. Most of them are single story in markets that I dont think well be doing it in the short run but I think in the long run these properties our markets where where you could go up and so we also see in the long run some potential, they are in such great markets that we probably will have the ability sometime in the next three to five to 10 years to take some parts of these properties out and go up.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo: And that starts to bring in the conversation of climate control and adding to that?
Spencer Kirk:  Well in California climate control is not such a big thing, so it's not going to be so much climate control. If we build up, we probably would do climate control. But you don't get a big premium especially southern California and Northern California for climate control.
Operator:  Your next question is from the line is Kate of Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: On the topic of large acquisitions being in the market, can you comment on the mix of properties you are seeing, whether there are many portfolios versus one-off properties?
Spencer Kirk: Once again we see a large volume of acquisitions continuing to come to the market, but primarily it's the smaller one-off transactions. The fact that there have been so few larger transactions and the only one that I am aware of is it's kind of hanging out there currently is Morningstar, speaks of the fact that larger portfolios are hard to build. And with the performance of self-storage, lot of people are happy holding of what they have got, and so I think it's going to be the smaller one-off transactions primarily in the future.
Unidentified Analyst: If you do see portfolio acquisitions, do you look at them differently and have different requirements and hurdle rates when they are that much larger?
Spencer Kirk: A little bit. We think that there is some benefit to picking up 20 or 30 assets out of whack or 40 assets, especially when the operational footprint is a nice overlay. So there is a premium we'll put on a portfolio, but we as a company want to be careful in not placing too much of a premium on, that the ease and simplicity of getting a bunch of assets in one transaction. This company has an acquisitions team that is geared up and ready to go and do a number of smaller transaction and hitting those singles has worked well plus the occasional double or triple or even homer. But I think it just boils down to we're ready to conduct business on whatever scale.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of RJ Milligan, Raymond James & Associates.
RJ Milligan - Raymond James & Associates:  I was just curious if you could tell us what the occupancy was at the end of July?
Spencer Kirk: Yes we can, it was around 91.5%.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of (inaudible) Citigroup.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup:  Its Michael Bilerman. Spencer as you think about your comment about size and scale on the public landlords, where do you think of the last 12 to 24 months the operational differential has been between sort of public and the entirety of the sector? Put aside acquisitions, but how much market share do you think is been taken at the occupancy level, at the rate level, public versus private.
Spencer Kirk: You know Michael I don't have the exact numbers on top of my head. I can just say I look at the data supplied by REITS and SSDS and others say, larger more sophisticated operators. By the way some of those are private. There are some larger regional guys that are doing very well. As you look at our occupancies versus their occupancies our NOI versus their NOI, its pronounced. And I can only anecdotally tell you two stories that I have first-hand knowledge because I ask the question. But I become really concerned not for me but for them when I am talking to an existing operator and they tell me that their NOI is 10% or more below where it was in 2008. And the storm has long since passed and the larger operators are pinning up record results and record occupancy. And I think the advantage is not going to abate any time soon.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And so, going back to your ridiculous comment how much do you think sellers are trying to get credit for that differential of being able to sell portfolio of their assets into one of the public landlords that have that size and scale that can drive so much better efficiencies and occupancy? How much is that the tension thats happening where sellers are effectively trying to be greedy?
Spencer F. Kirk: I wont say theyre trying to be greedy, Ill say they are trying to optimize what they have. when they see a notable transaction in the New York Metro area in the five cap rate and perhaps they live in Wichita, Kansas and they think well, I wont get a five but I can get a 5.5 or 6 because not New York based. I think theyre just trying to optimize what they hold and maximize their value and I dont fault them in anyway shape or form. The question is what is reasonable and rationale and what is defensible and every company thats out there buying properties has to answer that for themselves.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And then just lastly just on the 350 million that closed and under contract in terms of the acquisitions. You had mentioned 6 to 7 cap rate. Can you just share with us sort of what is the going in cap rate on those assets and when do you reach a 6, when do you reach a 7 it was just a pretty wide range? And I just want to understand the dynamics of these assets coming online day one versus of a forward yield?
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you its typically within a year to year and half that were at those cap rates. So were bringing up the occupancy and stabilizing the rents, to rents similar to what we have. None of these portfolios have, they are not 50% occupied or anything of the sort. Were basically optimizing what is out there today.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Right, so where does it start and whats the going in, in the third quarter and the fourth quarter were going to bring in $350 million of assets. Should we bring those in 4 cap, should we bring those at a 5 cap? How should we think about going in the yield versus getting to a 6 to a 7?
Spencer Kirk: Going in yield might be slightly below 6 and so its not a significant discount. And then we underwrite fairly conservative going to potentially 6.5 or 7.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Over 12 months
Spencer Kirk: 12 to 18 months, correct
Operator: The next question is a follow up from the line of Todd Thomas, KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Its Jordan Sadler. Just on acquisitions, you mentioned that the only portfolio where was the Morningstar wanted, does that mean you did not look at the $375 million associated with PSAs expected to close on this quarter?
Spencer Kirk: Jordan, its Spencer, I dont know what portfolio that is that has been referenced. So
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets: 21 in Florida, 5 in Mass, 2 in California, 1 in Rhode Island and it could be one-offs in those, I dont know if its a portfolio at all, I just doesnt sound like Morningstar
Spencer Kirk: It probably isnt Morningstar, it could be another portfolio. And were aware of some that have been talked about being carved up. So when you ask me to comment on that, I can tell you weve looked at some other stuff but not necessarily in totality.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then I think ultimately the word that will define this call will end up being with hindsight it will be ridiculous of course I think in all the years you havent been want to be prone for hyperbole so I am interested in sort of following up on your comment there a little bit which is any thoughts on selling assets at ridiculous levels?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, I actually had discussion with someone last week, we were trying to buy their assets and they said that they would be a buyer at a four cap so if anybody want to offer Extra Space a four cap, yes we would be interesting in selling but right now, Jordan we are building a company, we are building value for the long term and dismantling this company is not something that I am interested in.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Not dismantling but are there properties around the edges worth pruning?
Spencer Kirk: Absolutely, few here and few there but its going to be may be a dozen or two dozen and that to me 5% of the portfolio and what we have to look at is what the loan structure, what the ownership structure and it becomes a little complicated and at the end of the day those properties that are fully unencumbered or perhaps we have 100% control on, I can count on one hand or we say we have the ability to maneuver.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Christy McElroy, UBS.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Two follow ups, the first is when Ken Wooley joined the board of American Home 4 Rent which is an entity controlled by public storages chairman, was that something he discussed Spencer with you or the board and how do you guys feel about that?
Spencer Kirk: He discussed it and I was fully aware of it, the board was aware of it and we were fine with it, once again Ken like many other chairmen sits on other boards and I dont think that thats problematic in a public company setting.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: But nobody find it peculiar that its a board controlled by the chairman of our largest competitor?
Spencer Kirk: Its peculiar but it's not unpalatable or unreasonable given how small the audience is, the fact is Ken used to work for Wayne and they have had a wonderful friendship for 30 years. they are both brilliant minds and I think Wayne was looking for a way to bring some intellectual horsepower to his new company. I think Wayne was smart and it has been a good thing for Ken.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Second question, fundamentally Michael Knott asked a question earlier in the call and he was I guess expressing some surprise that rent growth from existing customers wasnt as big a driver as I guess rent growth from street rents and I guess I shared that surprise because I thought you guys were raising rents in existing customers, I call it 8% plus, so I guess may be the question here is what percentage of your existing customers are actually getting that staying around long enough to get that increase and I guess I am not understanding why thats not a bigger driver?
Spencer Kirk: Okay, so I am going to put this back over to Karl but the issue is, lets verify what you have said yes we are getting more than 8% and thats about 45,000 to 50,000 customers month to get the rent increase but we have been in that range for a long-long time Ross, of the 7% to 8%. So you are not going to get tons of a juice out of that in a more stable environment.
Karl Haas:
.:
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Second derivative is flat its kind of what youre saying, maybe we almost understood that original comment, okay that makes sense, just finally where your average in place rents relative to your street or maybe on a net basis native concessions, is there rent hold down any kind?
Spencer Kirk: And weve been saying, thats the last year, its basically flat, theyre top on each other.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Knott, Green Street Advisors.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: All the way back into your supplemental on page 25 you show some details on your joint ventures and you a have column that shows whether youre in the promote or not, there is a couple that are, Im just curious if there is some hidden value and some promotes that just havent been realized that no one's giving you credit for. just curious why maybe we havent seen more of these be in the money on the promos just given how strong the operating environment has been, does it require a recapitalization of some sort?
Scott Stubbs: The majority of those theyre not in the promote actually were from the storage USA acquisition, you think about what happen from the time the storage USA acquisition happened till today, you actually had a downturn where those property effectively went backwards and so some SMS were put in place and the agreement was put in place with these assumption that it was going go up from that point obviously and with the downturn, its possible we eventually get into the promote but were not near right now and thats were about half of that joint ventures on that page.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Okay and then if Ive done the maths right I think you have about 375 million of acquisitions that have either closed this year or under contracts, youre bumping your guidance really isnt that much more the one youre already got accomplished, Im just curious if that math is right then does that mean that youre being just very conservative on what you expect to happen the rest of the year or do you not think that there will be more opportunities?
Scott Stubbs: First of all Ill math is correct and were looking at this terms of here were the first of August and based on but we have under contract but were looking at, it generally takes 60 to 90 days to close on something, so realistically based on what we have that were looking what weve discussed in our real estate committee we feel like 24 million is a number we can do, we hope to exceed that.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Okay and then second with acquisitions just curious if there is any evaluation or grading of pipeline of acquisition opportunities through the third-party management is coming along and is that paying off or is more just other benefit of that program that youre telling right now?
Spencer Kirk: We continue to talk to the owners and this year weve bought two joint ventures partners one additional property out of that portfolio, we had one follow out contract due to some other reasons but we continue to farm that pipeline and hope to continue to close on acquisitions through that.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: And then just one more from me if I could and that would be on your tenant insurance just curious what is driving that growth of 16% in the same-store pool on the revenue side just because I would have thought your participation rate was already fairly high. And I dont sense that there is a lot of pricing power in that business but its been just, so just curious here where that growth is coming from?
Karl Haas: This is Karl what really presents a good opportunity is as we bring in new properties where there is almost no penetration and then we are going from zero to 10 to 20% to the 60 some to almost 70% that we get into a maturity and youve indicated earlier the reason we are one of the primary drivers for the third-party management is that when you factor in tenant insurance, it is a good business for us, if you didnt have tenant insurance, it wouldnt be worth doing it because while we are getting, it is a good pipeline and JV is probably even better in the long run, we are not stealing properties we are buying them, there arent too many people that have these properties that are going to sell it to you without talking to other people or checking the market. So while it does gives us the ability to be kind of first in line but we are not the only one in line when it comes to buying these properties and so the only reason we are doing it a big part of it is the fact that we are adding to our platform, having more ability to spread our overhead and tenant insurance and we have had very, very good growth this year. I think in the first quarter we added 57 properties to our third-party management and most of those come to us with very low insurance penetration.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Yes I get that the income statement shows big growth in that business because you are adding new properties but just on the same-store basis I would have suspected that all those properties already had the programs in place?
Scott Stubbs: In our same-store pool if you remember we changed the same-store pool this year to include 15 properties in Cincinnati that had very low if any, tenant insurance penetration as well as 1 properties in Southern California as well the final development asset. so we added a fair number of properties that had lower tenant insurance penetration so that obviously has helped increase the tenant insurance.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Congrats on a solid quarter I wanted to back to the whole idea of acquisitions Spence I know you said that apart from Morningstar you werent aware of any other big portfolio out there but I am just kind of curious and if you do take a look at your crystal ball and you kind of project out six to 12 months do you kind of expect for us to kind of see more portfolio deals with Morningstar just kind of being the first of many?
Spencer Kirk: I think that is a reasonable assumption obviously with cap rates drifting down as they have been seller interest is peaking and I think that is a very rational conclusion to cant you tie out there is going to be more and the question is how does the bidding take place and how does it fit into each companys respective financial modeling. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of (inaudible) SunTrust. 
Unidentified Analyst: Have a couple of quick follow ups if I understand the 100 basis points increase in your chance NOI stems from rate increases of existing customers, that number if I understand it correctly, is 1% is that because as customers you get rent increases, let's say a couple of them and they eventually when they do leave, the replacement customer is coming in at a street rate which is much lower. so that spread dynamic unless street rates are rising dramatically or the level of rate increase you are giving out are higher, that number is difficult for that number to move up over time, is that correct? 
Karl Haas: Probably. You said, there is lot of pieces, and I know you, you are a deeper thinking and probably youre kind of going beyond what I am capable of explaining. The bottom line is its just hard for it, unless we change, and unless we go from 8% on average increase to 9% or 10% and or we have a tremendous increase in the number of people were going to give increases to, that delta is not going to increase that much. Its going to be relatively flat. So, yes, there is only two levers, its the number of people you give the increases to and the percentage increase and the number of people were giving it to is relatively consistent and the percentage increase is staying relatively consistent. Unfortunately, we were aggressive, very, very aggressive to start with on it and have been for a couple of years. So, its not like, we were doing 5% and now were going to 6% or 7% or 8%. Weve been at 8%, the range of 7% to 9% for a while. So, hopefully that answers this, because it is what it is. 
Unidentified Analyst: Right. But I guess you kind of answered my second part of the question was, do you expect as things get tighter to change the level or frequency of the rate increases. 
Karl Haas: I dont think were going to change the frequency. But if we were at public storage level of 95%, we might be looking at raising more because you could afford. Yes, there is, we say that overall it doesnt impact vacates. But at some point it does have some impact and so unless you want to take the risk and increase vacates even more, you dont want to go past the certain the point. So, if unless we change unless we get toward totally different occupancy level, I dont see us being able to change the percentage increase. 
Unidentified Analyst: And then just quickly, you say 45,000 customers a month get it, what is that translate into percent of portfolio or percent of total customers? 
Karl Haas: About 7%. 
Unidentified Analyst : 7% a month. 
Karl Haas : Somewhere there. 
Unidentified Analyst : And your same store revenue on your management assets has gone up pretty significantly better than your core portfolios run rate. It's somewhat of a double edged sword, if you want to buy those assets, you make it more expensive on yourself, but maybe, have you guys thought about increasing the charge, the amount you charge to your partners or maybe adding a promote to those deals?
Spencer Kirk: Weve looked at it, the thing about it its a commodity out there, management services to some degree and you cant be too far out of what considered market. So, what we feel like we are going to do better job managing these properties, we also need to be somewhat in the market. 
Operator:   At this time there are no further questions in queue. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Spencer Kirk for any closer remark. 
Spencer Kirk: We appreciate your interest in Extra Space today. We look forward to next quarters call. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great weekend.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-29 17:55:00) =====
Executives: Clint Halverson - Director, Investor Relations Spencer Kirk - Chief Executive Officer Karl Haas - Chief Operating Officer Scott Stubbs - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: RJ Milligan - Raymond James & Associates Nicholas Joseph - Citi David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Christy McElroy - UBS Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird Jeremy Metz - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the First Quarter 2013 Extra Space Storage Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Chantelle, and I will be your facilitator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today, Mr. Clint Halverson, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Clint Halverson: Thank you, Chantelle. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Extra Space Storages first quarter 2013 conference call. In addition to our press release, weve also furnished our unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Monday, April 29, 2013. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. Id now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer Kirk: Good afternoon, everyone. As a participant on the panel earlier this year in New York, I was asked to describe in a single sentence, how I view the self-storage industry for 2013? Being a man of many words, I described my expectations for the year simply as solid. The first quarter definitely produced very solid results, as FFO was up 39% and we experienced excellent same-store growth. Demand for storage remains strong, new supplies diminimis and our occupancies are at record levels. Organic growth remains the primary focus for Extra Space. During the quarter we reap the benefits of previous accretive acquisitions. In addition, we benefited from greater economies of scale, resulting from our growing third-party management platform. Our footprint is over 9% larger than one year ago. Now Id like to turn the time over to Karl, our Chief Operating Officer.
Karl Haas: Thanks Spence. During the first quarter we had great same-store revenue growth of 7.5%. Thats on top of 6.3% we realized in first quarter last year. We added 62 properties to our same-store pool in 2013, consisting primarily of the 55 stabilize assets that required in 2011. The addition these 62 assets to our same-store pool contributed roughly about 100 basis points to the same-store revenue growth for the quarter. Rental rates, rental trends remained strong and our square foot occupancy continued at record high levels. Our same-store occupancy ended the quarter at 88.6%, up 2.9% over last year. We still dont see significant volume of new development in the industry. With good demand for the product and lack of new supply, we are able to increase street rates 3% to 4% on average for the quarter. We had strong expense control in the first quarter, increases in payroll and property taxes were partially offset by lower utility and advertising expenses. Utilities were lower primarily due to solar panels added in 2011 and 2012. Advertising was lower in Q1 as we finished our elimination of the Yellow Pages. Net operating income for the quarter was 10.8%, this is especially impressive when you consider the net operating income was up 10.8% in the first quarter of last year. This is even more impressive when you contrast the performance with long-term industry averages that are less than half of the recent levels. Our results continue to be the best I have seen in my 25 years in the business. And now, Id like to turn it over to Scott Stubbs.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Karl. Earlier today we reported first quarter FFO of $0.46 per share, $0.02 above the high-end of our guidance. This beat can be attributed to better than expected same-store property results, lower G&A and lower interest expense. During the quarter, we added 55 properties to our management program, growing the managed properties count by over 30%. We also purchased a partners interests into flagship assets located in Baltimore and Chicago. As of today, we have five additional assets under contract for $53.6 million, located in Hawaii, Maryland, North Carolina and Texas. As of the end of the quarter, we had 450 wholly-owned asset, 279 joint venture properties and 236 per sites under management, for total of 965 properties. During the quarter, we actively managed the balance sheet and we reduced our weighted average interest rates by another 10 basis points. We remain committed to exploring all financing options that have a long-term benefit to our shareholders and that increase the financial flexibility of Extra Space. This morning we updated our full year 2013 FFO guidance to be between the $1.94 and $2.01 per share. We expect FFO for the second quarter to be between $0.47 and $0.49. Ill now turn the time back to Spencer for some closing remarks.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Scott. Our team produced a solid quarter and we look forward to producing solid results for the rest of the year. Now Id like to open this up with the Q&A session and well Clint start that for us.
Clint Halverson: Thanks Spence. As in the past in order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyones questions, Id like to ask that everyone keep your initial question brief and if possible limit it two, if time allows, well address follow-on questions once everyone had an opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that, well turn the time over to Chantelle to start our Q&A session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of RJ Milligan of Raymond James & Associates. Please proceed.
RJ Milligan - Raymond James & Associates: Hey. Thanks guys. Good morning. Good afternoon. Question on your same-store revenue expectations for the rest of the year, you guys increase your guidance and Im curious what you think that mix is going to look like in terms of where is that revenue growth coming from, is it an increase in expectations for street rates, lower discounting, increases to existing customers and maybe if you could just talk about that mix?
Karl Haas: Hi. This is Karl. Yeah. Its going to be all those things. We anticipate, rate is, we were seeing good ability to hold street rates up, our occupancy is holding nicely, the delta will continue to slightly decrease, because we dont expect to get, that, the delta is not going to be above 3% and chances are it will continue to declines, so by the end of the year, probably less than 2%. But well continue to have existing customer rate increases, discounts, well see some decrease, probably the decrease will get less and less, because like with occupancy we have squeezed that pretty hard.
RJ Milligan - Raymond James & Associates: So versus two months ago when you gave 2013 guidance, which one of those levers do you think has more upside versus two months ago?
Karl Haas: Probably the occupancy, but rate also is, we are pleased with the ability to be able to hold our street rates up a little higher than we expected.
RJ Milligan - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Great. Thanks guys. Ill get back in the queue.
Karl Haas: Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nicholas Joseph of Citi. Please proceed.
Nicholas Joseph - Citi: Thanks. Spencer you mentioned that the new supplies diminimis right now, but could you put some numbers around that in compare to what weve seen historically?
Spencer Kirk: The expense of repeating statistics that weve talked about time from 2003 through 2007, a five year period, 13,011 self-storage facilities were built in the United States. Thats an average of 2,600 a year. Last numbers that we saw reported by FW Dodge showed 196 total assets either under development or permits being pulled for significant redevelopment. So if you look at 200 versus an average of 2,600 a year its diminimis.
Nicholas Joseph - Citi: And do you expect that pickup in the future or when do you think supply could begin to return?
Spencer Kirk: I do expect it to tick up. I think supply is starting to already show in levels of interest. We just came back from the self-storage show in Philadelphia and there was quite a bit of talk of development and new supply coming. But this is a property type, it typically takes one to two years to get an entitlement, about nine to 12 months to build and then two to four years to lease up, and even if you open up the spigot fully today, before you had meaningful supply that would be challenging this statement that supply is diminimis today, I think we are one, two, three years out before we see anything thats pronounced.
Nicholas Joseph - Citi: Great. Thanks.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you, Nicholas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Toti of Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Spencer Kirk: Hi, David.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald: Hey, Karl, question for you the move-in move-out rate or the growth rate seems to have flipped in this quarter versus the fourth quarter. Is that sort of indicative in your mind of increasing strength versus maybe tapering demand or is it just a seasonal pattern from fourth quarter to first quarter?
Karl Haas: Im not really -- I mean, I havent really looked at it that way. But we just continue to focus on the delta to last year. And the reality is we push rates so thats going to drive rentals down a little bit. But were looking at a combination of rate and occupancy to get to the right balance. And so I really -- I try not to stay too focused on the rentals, Im looking at more where is my occupancy and how is that compared to prior year and how is that -- and revenue management is driving the rates to try to get the maximum out of the properties. So its a little bit more complicated than simply looking at the rentals for the current quarter. I mean, you could panic if youre not careful as far as rentals could go down because we could drive rates up because we feel like were at or getting closer to the occupancy that were striving for.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay. Thats helpful. My second question is also to do with the gap in pricing between the Internet reservations and the Internet quote versus what youre giving to the walk-ins and to the callers. And I know, historically, thats been wider. Has that kept changing at all given the sort of the new strength in the higher occupancy levels? Are you still pricing well above sort of the -- those are the rates?
Scott Stubbs: Our gap is still around 15%. We continue to test it. There might be some -- we definitely feel that there is some properties to our markets where that gap could even be larger and some where it could be smaller. But in general, our gap is still 15%.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay. So its really asset sort of inventory specific, it sounds like?
Scott Stubbs: Yeah.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay. Great. Ill get back in the queue. Thanks.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas of KeyBanc Capital. Please proceed.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital: Hi. Thanks. I am on with Jordan Sadler as well. Just a follow-up question on pricing, I know there are a lot of different ways that you price all of the units. But, Karl, I think you mentioned that asking rents were up 3% to 4% year-over-year on average but I was just wondering, whats the spread between the rent for tenants that moved out in the quarter versus tenants moving in, in the quarter? Are you replacing vacates with higher or lower rent paying customers at this point?
Karl Haas: Well, if youre looking specifically at the tenants that are leaving and the tenants that are coming in, there is always going to be a gap because people that have stayed with us, lot of times especially theyve been here with us for long time. They would have gotten multiple increases. And so -- but we dont focus on that. What we focus on is what our overall in-place rental rates are versus what our Street rates are? And that gap is -- that was a big problem back in 2008, 2009, that hasnt been a problem since 2009. And were keeping that gap pretty close.
Spencer Kirk: Yeah. This is Spencer. One additional comment, Todd, as you look at the rates and what weve achieved in the first quarter, you also need to factor in that our discounts are down more than 10% in the same period. And its the rate plus the discount or the elimination of the discount that provides the juice.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital: Okay. So, whats the spread today than between the Street rates and the in-line rent for the portfolio?
Spencer Kirk: They are almost right on top of each other within 0% to 2% kind of dependent on when its measured.
Scott Stubbs: Well, you got to keep in mind that we can change that really quickly by just pushing the Street rates. And so if you -- you have to look at it kind of over a longer period of time because Im looking at it, its scheduled right now that has for 2013 and in a couple of months, as a percent of over and -- a couple of months, there was a percent down. So, it goes up and down because we are constantly adjusting Street rates. But there is no deep issue there like there was three years ago.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital: Okay. Understood. And then the second question, I was just wondering if you could give us a little color on the 55 properties added to the third-party management business in the quarter. And I was just wondering, if you could give us a sense for whats in the pipeline, what youre seeing for new contracts right now?
Scott Stubbs: The 55 assets, if you look at them -- its really primarily made up of three additionals. We did a portfolio of 29 assets that are located throughout the U.S. and another 10 assets located in Texas and then five assets in the Chicago area. Those assets also fit our footprint very well. They are all assets that we want in the portfolio for some economies of scale. We also get management fees, tenant insurance on those that are not necessarily all assets that we would buy. So, I think it fits our footprint. Were making money on those and we saw some significant growth in the quarter. As far as the pipeline, its more onesie-twosies from here on. We dont have any significant growth were projecting right now.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy of UBS. Please proceed.
Christy McElroy - UBS: Hey good morning guys. Just on page 15, with the same-store realized rent per occupied square foot, up about 0.3% year-over-year in Q1. Your broader overall stabilized portfolio had a similar occupancy gain but looking at rent growth, it was more flattish year-over-year. Can you talk about that in sort of the context about how you are moving rents throughout your whole portfolio? And if your same-store properties saw rent growth, does that mean that the rents declined at the rest of your properties. Was it necessary to go a little easier on rents to maintain or grow occupancy at those properties?
Scott Stubbs: Our revenue management system, Christy, doesnt look at who owns the properties. Its going to treat every property the same. So with a sophisticated revenue management system, its focusing more on what -- how to maximize the revenue rather than the rate and the occupancy. So its a combination of rate and occupancy and it obviously does not look at all of the portfolio. So I would tell you that thats -- its basically, youll get some of that depending on the portfolio and the number of properties within the portfolio. Youd get some discrepancies or differences.
Karl Haas: Chris, this is Karl. I also think we probably have more occupancy opportunity on some of the third-party stuff than on owned. And as a result, youre going to see a little bit less rate growth because were going to be getting probably a little bit more -- looked at it in depth. But my guess would be that its more a result -- revenue management is going to be able to push rates more on more highly occupied -- or will be pushing rates more on more highly occupied properties and the owned properties we probably have more occupancy -- a little bit more occupancy there. So thats probably whats occurring.
Christy McElroy - UBS: Okay. I guess Im just looking at, if I just look at the same-store pool versus say just split out the 2005 Prudential JVs. Occupancy is higher on the Pru JVs but the net rents per occupied square foot were down year-over-year. I am just trying to get a sense for what that -- what story is that telling me?
Spencer Kirk: Part of that is a little bit of make-up of the same-store pool. Karl addressed it a little bit in his comments but we had a change in the same-store pool this year where we added 62 assets and 55 of those assets were acquisitions that took place in 2011. And those assets have really, we would say outperformed kind of the normal historical -- the legacy properties. In addition, there are -- we added eight properties that were coming from our development pipeline. Weve never changed our same-store definition but we do have a bit of a benefit from those properties in the current year.
Christy McElroy - UBS: If I look at just those 62 properties, what was the year-over-year occupancy change?
Spencer Kirk: If you look at -- the easier way to look at -- well, I dont know if it is easier. If you look at the 2012 pool of 282 properties, the occupancy change there went up about 200 basis points in the new pool, the 344 assets your occupancy change went up by about 300 basis points, just under 300 basis points. And the majority of that obviously is coming from these assets. I dont have it specifically related to those assets.
Christy McElroy - UBS: Okay.
Karl Haas: We could look at this. And I am sure Clint could probably get back to you with -- or get out with more information related to those kind of in-depth analysis.
Christy McElroy - UBS: Thank you so much.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Christy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Knott of Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Hey, guys. Spencer, well, you guys should have crushed your prior guidance for the full year just within a couple of short months. So, Im just curious how you guys thought about when you set your initial guidance, and then how you thought about where you go from here and obviously you picked -- you upped it quite a bit, but just curious sort of your thoughts looking forward on the 6.5 to 8.25 for the year?
Spencer Kirk: Good morning for you, Michael. Great question. As we were looking at guidance for 2013 at the latter part of last year, we did not have perfect clarity, obviously. Its easy to look back now that a third of the year, come on and say morning is behind us. And with having gone through the low point of the season, the third week of February, Michael, is the slowest time of the year, historically, in self-storage and seasonality. And having gone through that and seeing what weve been able to do with the asking rate see -- having seen what we could do with eliminating discounts. Having taken a look at where we think this business is going to go. Q3 and Q4 in 2013, we were taking a much more conservative approach. And as weve looked at how the year is transpiring and unfolding, we would become more confident that the strong solid trends that weve been seeing will continue to play out for rest of the year. And once again, our guidance, its our best educated estimate as to what we think we can produce and produce with a high degree of confidence. And with May just being around the corner and our busy season coming upon us, we have firmed up our guidance and said, yeah, we are confident that we can produce this kind of results. So thats really a recognition that weve gone through the toughest part of the year, and now we have better clarity as to what rest of the year will hold for us.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Okay. Thanks for that. And then second question would be just on the acquisition pace and your thoughts about your $150 million target for the year. How you feel about -- what youre seeing out there, what youre able to acquire, how pricing looks, how you feel about your cost of capital today? And how that maybe changes or doesnt change your appetite for doing acquisitions?
Spencer Kirk: Acquisitions environment are estimated still at $150 million for the year. I think with the two properties that we acquired and the five under contract worth $66.5 million and once again, a third of the year is behind us. So, I would say, were reasonably on track for what is or could be expected. What we dont know is the numerous conversations were having how they are going to play out and we are like every other self-storage operator that is publicly traded, weve got a nice cost of capital advantage versus the private guys both with debt and equity. The challenge for us is to be disciplined and focused on accretive acquisitions as we talked about the results of the 55 assets that were purchased in 2011 and 2012, part of our success Michael is because we were disciplined and we went after acquisitions that intellectually and financially made sense in the short term, mid-term and the long-term. And for us, we want to remain disciplined even though we recognized with an implied cap rate with a five handle on it. That is not the time to get crazy or become irrational because things can and will change. And furthermore, we recognize that a blend between debt and equity is the strategy that this company tends to employee and going out after acquisitions. So, I can say theres an incredible amount of money chasing too few opportunities. Cap rates have a lot of pressure on them, and Extra Space wants to be selective and bring in those that fit our footprint operationally and also to meet the short-term intermediate and long-term objectives.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Okay. So with that you are not thinking about going into development the way Public Storage has since you had shut that down and that was sort of a permanent decision even though the acquisition environment is pretty aggressive or heated it sounds like?
Spencer Kirk: Yeah, its heated. But still there are opportunities out there. Last year, we did $700 million of acquisitions, Michael and $500 million were off market. And I dont know what the number will be this year, but I think that there are relationships that we enjoy that say we will participate in the open-market acquisition and we will participate in some off-market acquisition. But we are not developing to underscore that one more time, if I could.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Michael
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa of ISI Group. Please proceed.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group: Thanks. Good morning. I guess my first question, maybe it is for Karl. So just talk a little bit about the expense growth or lack thereof. I mean, how much of -- I know the business has become more and more technology driven and more driven by all the algorithms that you do on the Internet and I am just wondering how sustainable is a kind of 1% to maybe 2% expense growth figure. And kind of what are you saying on the property tax side that maybe hasnt come through yet like we are seeing in another real estate sectors right now?
Karl Haas: Well, I dont think we are seeing the 1% to 2% growth. We are saying that the growth will be higher than that. We continue -- I mean, what we are looking at is year-over-year and so whatever we put in the banks last year as far as that year-over-year and not having the increase, well, then this year we start and we start over again. We are continuing -- there are certain things that we are continuing to get benefit of thats going away. Yellow Pages, thats a big part of the savings that we have this quarter. And as we are almost totally out of it, its not going to -- we cant go to negative growth on it because we are going to have zero growth and zero expenditure. And we will continue to spend more on the Internet, so thats going to increase. Our payroll expense as you can see, we are seeing the growth this quarter is a little bit exaggerated because we had a special bonus in there. But payroll expense is going to run 3.5% to 4% growth. The utility, as we continued to invest in the solar panels, we might be able to hold that down and actually have some -- our actual electricity expense I think was down by 10%. But actually natural gas was up by 9%. So, luckily, we use less natural gas and electricity. So that was a bigger savings. We continue to find things on office and expense that gives us the benefit. But once again, its harder and harder. So, I mean, I think our guidance for the rest of the year is more -- not that far from -- we lowered a little bit because we got some benefit in the first quarter. We are still saying, were going to end the year at 2.5% to 3.25% growth and thats pretty realistic. I mean, there is only so much we can cut. And so weve done a great job in the last three or four years and maybe well find something we havent discovered, but I dont what thats going to be. And as far as property tax, Ill let Scott talk about that.
Scott Stubbs: Weve estimated kind of 3% to 4% is what weve estimated. Weve done that for the past several years and it hasnt necessarily jumped at that rate. But were expecting the municipalities to reassess our properties on an annual basis.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group: Okay. And then just I guess a small question. In terms of like maintenance CapEx across the portfolio, what are you guys budgeting for this year?
Spencer Kirk: I think its -- you mean cents per square foot?
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group: Yeah, if you wanted to give it that way, thats fine.
Spencer Kirk: Yeah. I think its in the range of $0.35. It really varies by property and type and thats CapEx. Repairs and maintenance runs about the same and its been running the same. Our maintenance, I mean this one thing we havent done is were trying to be careful to spend the money we need to keep our properties at the level that our customers expect. We increased the rents a lot and we need to give that back to them.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group: Great. Okay. Thanks
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky of RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning, guys. Karl, first question for you. Can you talk a little bit about street rates, how that progressed throughout the quarter and were you guys ending the quarter up on a year-over-year basis? And also what you would need to see in the industry to give you more confidence in pushing street rates a bit more aggressively, kind of back to the 2006, 2007 levels?
Karl Haas: Yeah, Mike. Its up and down constantly. And actually in April, we went up little more. But its -- were constantly and I guess the short answer is I dont control rates, our revenue management group does and they are constantly tweaking it. So, it is going up and down. I think, Scott, probably has something in front of him that he can tell you by month-by-month if thats what you are looking for.
Scott Stubbs: Yeah, our rates as far as dollar amount per unit have been pretty flat. But if you look year-over-year, as Karl mentioned, they were 3% to 4% on average for the quarter depending on when you look at that what day, what time because those rates are dynamic and they are moving. Theyve been probably as low as 2% and as high as just over 5%.
Karl Haas: The good thing, Mike is that what we are seeing is we are at a much higher square foot delta than we thought we were going to be and yet being able to hold our rates at the 3% to 4%. It is a good combination and certainly it is reflective of no new supply and I dont think were unique. I think you are going to see our competitors probably will report things probably similar.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Is it your expectation that as occupancy gains in the second half of the year moderate that youre going to be able to push a bit more on street rates?
Scott Stubbs: We hope.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then my second question just -- Scott, just to go back to your comments, sound a little bit more open than you typically have been on just on the secure debt front, does that suggest you guys are opening doing term loans and moving to more of the balanced financing strategy kind of going forward as oppose to?
Scott Stubbs: We will say Mike that we are -- we would like to have some optionality. We would like to have -- in a perfect world, wed like to have a tranche of secured. Were primarily going to be a secured borrower. But if we had an unsecured tranche or even a preferred tranche, we feel like that will be good for the company. Obviously, it depends on terms of those types of loans and rates.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: So, you are okay with corporate covenants at this point?
Scott Stubbs: We are not looking to do corporate covenants at this point, but it depends on the covenant some things you might consider.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya of Jefferies. Please proceed.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Yeah. Good afternoon. Just going back to Steves question with regards to acquisitions, could you talk a little bit about cap rates and whats your opinion on markets right now for Class A and B assets?
Spencer Kirk: Tayo, its Spencer. Class A and Class B, once again weve got to be a little more specific on this. Let me go back to the quality scoring that we use internally, which by the way has a great deal of subjectivity, even internally personality-by-personality here on Extra Space. But there is the quality of the physical asset itself. There is the quality of the market in which that asset is located, and then there is the quality of the location of that asset within the market. And so if you want to talk a Class A asset in a Class A market with the main and main location, we see cap rates that are in the five range, maybe even some drifting down a little lower. If you want to talk mid-market and the asset in the secondary market, Tayo, you might be high 6s, low 7s. And for us Extra Space has said that we want to try and do our acquisitions with those assets that are in the six and seven range. We need to have a spread. We need to be intelligent. We need to be taking a long view on this because interest rates can and will change, where you are buying today property performance and other things could be affected and to go in there and acquire just to get large is not part of our strategy. We want to be disciplined. I dont know if that gives you the color, but weve seen stuff starting with a five and going up and above that. But, yeah, thats the market kind of in the six to seven range.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Okay. Thats helpful. And then second of all, it doesnt seem like youve got any of your pushback in the first quarter from pushing rent despite consumers generally are paying higher taxes. Were you kind of surprise at that and what does that kind of suggest to you regards to how much you can continue to raise the rents on existing tenants going forward?
Spencer Kirk: What it suggests, Tayo, is that our existing customer rent increase program, which we test and retest continues to persist exactly the results that we have come to expect. The tax increase at the personal level has not to our understanding or analysis had any material impact whatsoever. And were going to continue to send out rate increases in that 8% to 9% range, running about 50,000 customers a month. Weve learned and learned it well long ago that once the product is in storage it is very sticky. There is a great deal of adhesion and people arent going to rent a U-Haul truck and take a Saturday morning, and move out for the sake of 8, 9, 10 bucks. It just doesnt happen. Good economies, bad economies, higher taxes, lower taxes people dont move out. Its too much hassle.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Well said. Congratulations on crushing it again this quarter.
Spencer Kirk: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paula Poskon of Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Thank you. So speaking of crushing, just looking at the market-by-market numbers on page 18, the Cincinnati Northern Kentucky region has had stellar performance. And as we reflect back on when you first bought those assets, I remember there was a fair amount of skepticism about going into such markets. So can you just talk a little bit about how your acquired assets over the last, say, two years are performing relative to how you underwrote them? And then secondarily, do you think its these kinds of markets where youre going to see the most accretive opportunities going forward?
Karl Haas: Paula, its Karl. Ill start and Ill let Scott finish. But there are certain acquisitions where going in, we feel like we can have a lot of impact. And Cincinnati was one of those, the prior operator, the things like didnt take credit cards and had little bit restricted access hours and things like that that we feel going in can have an impact. And then obviously, our -- both our revenue management and our internet applications have also had a significant impact. Were a little worried on that portfolio because theres some rural properties in there that were worried that the Internet may not have quite the impact that it does elsewhere. But its turned out well and weve had that in a number of other acquisitions where queerly we have an advantage. I mean there is an advantage to being bigger, having better resources and our revenue management group is pretty sophisticated. And Ill put them up against anybody in the industry but especially local operator. Ive been in this business 25 years. And my guts tell me we couldnt do some of the things we do but because of the data, the really smart guy, less smarter than me that are making these decisions. Theyre doing things that we look at -- I dont know about that and it holds. Ill let Scott maybe add some more color.
Scott Stubbs: As far as the underwriting goes, Paula, we are very consistent in how we underwrite things. So our acquisition groups bring things to our real estate committee. And I would tell you that we dont miss badly as far as our underwriting goes. I would tell you if anything, it may be slightly conservative. I mean in Cincinnati we didnt pro forma at this kind of growth. And youd rather be surprised on the upside. As far as markets go, we continue to look at all markets. I think obviously that you prefer to buy in New York City and Los Angeles and Washington D.C. but pricing might not make sense. So if there is a market such as Cincinnati thats still a major metropolitan area and the pricing is very accretive to us, its something well look at it if it makes with our footprint.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thanks Scott and Karl. And Spencer, sort of, a bigger picture question for you just in terms of valuation. I know obviously a lot of folks are talking about the implied cap rates for this sector and relative to historical norms. Given the technology component of its driving performance in this sector, do you think this sector is just permanently re-priced at a lower implied cap rate level?
Spencer Kirk: I would hope that it is permanently re-priced because we have proven -- and when I say we, I try to include the other public operators. We have proven that the Internet is not the great equalizer. It is the great divider and the CASM is not only widened, the rate at which it is widening is accelerating. And I just think that we as the public operators with national footprint in the sophisticated systems that Karl alluded too, can and should get credit because it is a highly fragmented business. Most of our competitors do not have to wherewithal to begin to do what we do. And I think that when you put up in the case of Extra Space at 39% FFO growth year-over-year, I would hope that we would be treated more as a growth company unless as just a me-too storage operator with a yellow page ad and some local marketing flyers going out to the local apartment complexes. The world changed and its changed permanently.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you very much. Thats all I have.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Paula.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Metz of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Jeremy Metz - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Just going back, you just made a comment about D.C. as a market, and New York and LA where you prefer to buy. But just looking at the market, it looks like its underperformed some of your other major markets a little bit. Could you just give us a little color on whats going on in that market?
Karl Haas: Yeah. This is Karl. I actually happen to be traveling in the D.C. market last week. Its still a great market and but we pushed it very hard. It was kind of one of the earlier high growth markets and I think in some cases we might have gotten, our revenue management system is very, very good, but its not perfect. And sometimes I think, we kind of have tendency to maybe push it a little bit too hard and that I think is a case where we pushed it a little bit too hard. And also in general theres, while the rest of the countries feeling really, really good, theres a lot of concerns in the D.C. market about sequestration and I heard a lot of ad hoc comments about governmental agencies that had units that are moving -- that were going to move in, that didnt move in or moving out. So theres a little bit of that going on as well. But if I had to bet on a market long-term we love the D.C. market and its -- the great part of that it is, whereas the suburbs of Cincinnati could have a lot of new properties built some day and may -- and we probably will be faced with that. The D.C. market it takes -- we just opened a property, our third-party owner just opened a property, theyve been working on for 10 years and -- in the Gwynn, Virginia. And its you go into markets like that and there is not going to be a lot of new competition there, and there are a ton of people with a lot of money and thats a good formula for us.
Jeremy Metz - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great. I appreciated, the color and along that same line. I know you are not looking to sell any assets, but just looking at market like Houston where you know occupancies below 80% and the strong bid for storage assets you mentioned earlier. Are you changing that thinking or I mean would you look at maybe looking to call some of your assets that are either underperforming or older?
Spencer Kirk: Jeremy, it is Spencer. We are trying to build a company, there might be an asset or two that we call, but realistically to Karls point, we are trying to invest in our assets to keep them relevant in the market and we will yet be more aggressive in terms of recognizing that as the portfolio ages, weve got to invest additional dollars to make sure that they stand competitive in each of these markets in which we are doing business. But no, we are not trying to balance portfolio, we are trying to grow one.
Jeremy Metz - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Spencer Kirk: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas of KeyBanc Capital. Please proceed.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital: Yeah. Hi. Thanks. Just a follow-up on the Cincinnati, Northern Kentucky properties, the performance does look strong, but effective rents stick out at just under $7 a foot. I was just wondering is that a function of concessions or I mean can those properties get $9 or $10 rents overtime or is that really just a lower priced market? And then secondly, I was wondering, youve owned these assets now for a little over 18 months. I was just curious where the yield on that portfolio of properties is today, maybe you can remind us where the in place yield was at the time you acquired them in mid-2011?
Karl Haas: This is Karl. Ill answer part of your question. Scott can talk about the yield. But $6 and $7 is better than $5 and $6, and thats what weve grown it, thats blended rate, in some of these properties are very rural and $6 is a great rate in some of those rural markets. Some of them are making, are in the $9 range. So its kind of all over the place but I dont think we are going to get that total portfolio to $9 anytime soon. What weve been able to do though is the result, there was a lot of occupancy opportunity and you can only go. You are not going to be able to drive the rate tremendously above what the market is, but if you buy a group of properties that are 75% occupied, 80% occupied, you can drive them to 90% or 92%, and thats a lot of what weve been able to do on those properties. Scott?
Scott Stubbs: As far as the yield, we havent necessarily broken it out. We can tell you that in the north of an A cap, well, north of that.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital: Thats what its yielding today?
Scott Stubbs: If you look at the cap rate and where we bought it, that is correct.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital: Okay. And then just one last question on guidance, interest expense, it looks like the first quarter annualized would be a little bit below $70 million. You are forecasting $72 million to $73 million. I was just wondering what assumptions that youre making for the balance of the year that would cause interest expense to increase towards the midpoint of that range?
Scott Stubbs: Timing of some of those loans and as we refinance or put loans on for acquisitions your debt will go up slightly, primarily through acquisition.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Todd.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy of UBS. Please proceed.
Christy McElroy - UBS: Hi. Thanks. Just with regard to the 100 basis points added to the revenue growth rate from the 62 properties added to the same-store pool, does that include the impact of tenant insurance revenues on the newly added properties, presumably for the acquisitions that was pretty low when you bought them?
Spencer Kirk: Yeah. But the majority of that increase is actually from rental revenue than from tenant insurance.
Christy McElroy - UBS: Okay. And you talked about discounts and asking rents, how much are you pushing existing customer rents currently?
Spencer Kirk: In the range of 8% to 9%.
Christy McElroy - UBS: 8% to 9%, and are all those numbers representative of your overall portfolio or just your same-store properties?
Spencer Kirk: Overall portfolio, we dont differentiate.
Christy McElroy - UBS: Got you. Okay. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Christy.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Michael Knott of Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Hey, guys. Just a follow up on, Spencer, your comment earlier about the discounts coming down, I think you said they were 10% less, just wondering if you can put a little more color around that. How much juices are left to squeeze out of the discount when and compared to say the top of the last cycle? And then also is it possible to think about the your rent gain for the quarter year-over-year in terms of the three different buckets, how much came from discounts receipting, how much came from street rates and how much came from your existing customers?
Spencer Kirk: Ill let Karl take the second half of the question. The first question, Michael is, so our discounts were down more than 10% for the quarter, which we were pleased about. And as we push our occupancies and go through this busy season and everything else, I think you will see that percentage shrinking. Just dont know that its sustainable, obviously, we could be pleasantly surprised, but I think realistically, the asking rate will be pushed first and foremost, well couple that with the discount and well see what the effective prices that we get on each of the units, but I see that coming down.
Karl Haas: Michael, as far as where the 7% plus rental rate growth came from this quarter, I think that almost half of it came from occupancy. We had almost 300 basis points from occupancy. Rates were 3% to 4% on average up for the quarter. So, another half of whats left came from the rate growth, street rate growth, as well as the decrease discount. So, your effective rate that youre charging incoming tenant then the rest came from existing customer rate increases.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Okay. And then just a question on Los Angeles, it looks like thats now the biggest component at least of the wholly-owned stabilized group. It looks like you had sort of above the portfolio average performance this quarter, which I dont think you had. It was below average in 2012, just curious if youre seeing a decided turnaround in that region?
Karl Haas: This is Karl. Yeah. Its -- it suffered for two or three years and now its come around. Its a great market for us. We have very good product there and good location, good quality, but the market has been a struggling market. There is a lot of self-storage there and its coming back nicely though.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Okay. Thanks.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks. Michael.
Operator: At this time, there are no additional questions in the queue and I would like to turn the call back over to Clint Halverson for closing remarks. Please proceed.
Spencer Kirk: Actually a name change, Spencer. We appreciate your interest in Extra Space today and we look forward to the Q2 earnings call in 90 days. Thanks very much. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Clint Halverson  Vice President, Corp Communication & Investor Relations Spencer F. Kirk  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Scott Stubbs  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Karl Haas  Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets Christine McElroy  UBS David Toti  Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. Eric Wolfe  Citigroup Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets Omotayo Okusanya  Jefferies & Co. Tom Lesnick  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2012 Extra Space Storage Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Chiquana, and Ill be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call Mr. Clint Halverson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Clint Halverson: Thank you, Chiquana. Welcome to Extra Space Storages fourth quarter 2012 conference call. In addition to our press release, weve furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today Friday, February 22, 2013. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. Id now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer F. Kirk: Good afternoon, everyone. We dont typically go last amongst our peers, so this has been a nice change to have a chance to see everyones results and hear what they have had to say on their calls. For Extra Space, 2012 was a superb year. We produced strong operational results due to multiple factors. They include record high occupancy levels, excellent expense control, potent internet marketing, sophisticated revenue management, a high volume of accretive acquisitions and virtually no new supply. With the exception of the Storage USA transaction in 2005, this was our single largest acquisition year. We acquired 91 assets in 24 states and grew our wholly owned portfolio by 26%. Our unique structure continues to provide us with numerous options for growth. The result, 71% of our acquisitions came from joint venture and third-party managed relationships. The credit for the outstanding results in 2012 goes to our talented, creative and hardworking team. Time and time again I have spoken of our unique levers that have driven our double-digit FFO growth. In the fourth quarter of 2012, FFO grew by 23%. This is particularly impressive when you consider that the fourth quarter of 2011 was up 35% over 2010, and for the full year, FFO grew 33% on top of 32% growth in 2011 over 2010. Ill now turn the time to Karl to discuss operations.
Karl Haas: Thanks, Spence. During the fourth quarter, we once again experienced excellent same-store revenue growth of 6.5%, and thats on top of 5.8% revenue growth we realized in the fourth quarter of last year. For the year, revenue was up 6.6% compared to 4.9% in 2011. While the pools were different in these years, it shows an ongoing positive operational trend. Rental trends were strong in the fourth quarter and our square foot occupancy continued at record high levels. Our same-store pool ended the year at 88.6%, up 1.7% over last year. Demand for the product is stable and our interactive marketing and internet strategies continue to drive higher rental volumes. Strong occupancy coupled with the lack of new supply allowed us to increase street rates 3.5% to 4% on average for the quarter. During the fourth quarter, we also had excellent expense growth that was partially offset by higher property taxes and Superstorm Sandy. Same-store discounts ended the year at 4.3% of rental income, compared to 5.3% at the start of the year. Overall, discounts were down by 12%. This is due to higher occupancy and a focused effort to offer the right price and promotion. All this combined to produce the fourth quarter same-store net operating income of 8.5%, compared to 9.3% growth last year. Net operating income for the full year was 10.2% versus 7.6% in 2011. All in all, it was one of the best years I have seen in my 25 years in this business. And now, Id like to turn it over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Karl. Yesterday, we reported fourth quarter FFO of $0.43 per share including a $0.02 charge related to our acquisitions and $0.01 from Superstorm Sandy. For the year, we reported FFO of $1.59 per share, exceeding the top end of our guidance by $0.01. This can be attributed primarily to better-than-expected same-store property results and the performance and timing of our 2012 acquisitions. As Spencer mentioned, 2012 was a great year for acquisitions. We purchased 91 properties for just over $700 million. Of these 91 properties, 57 were from the two large joint venture transactions. Since the end of the year, we have purchased our partners interest in two more properties located in Baltimore and Chicago for approximately $12.9 million. As of today, we have two assets under contract for $20.6 million located in Maryland and Texas. One of these two assets is a brand new asset that we are buying at [Ciavo]. As of the end of the year, we had 448 wholly-owned, 281 joint venture properties and 181 third-party properties under management. We continue to growth the REIT in a disciplined manner with a long-term view. As of December 31, the Company had four lines of credit with a total capacity of $240 million of which $85 million was drawn. Interest rates continue to be at all-time lows. Without increasing our variable rate exposure, we have lowered our average interest rate from 4.7% at the end of 2011 to 4.2% at the end of 2012. Yesterday, we released our full year 2013 FFO guidance of between $1.87 and $1.95 per share. We expect FFO for the first quarter to be between $0.42 and $0.44. Key annual assumptions related to these estimates can be found in our press release from yesterday. Ill now turn the time back to Spencer.
Spencer F. Kirk: Thanks Scott. Last year at this time, I stated that our theme for 2012 was to focus on fundamentals. Since we dont have a MasterCard, were going to stick with the theme, for 2013 it is, do it better. Everything we do is in pursuit of maximizing revenue opportunities and appropriately minimizing expenses. Our focus on the fundamentals has served our shareholders well in 2012 and will continue to serve them well as we move into 2013. Record high occupancy, constrained supply in our operational sophistication set us up to again produce double-digit FFO growth in 2013. With that, Id like to turn the time over to Clint to start our Q&A session.
Clint Halverson: Thank you, Spencer. In order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyones questions, Id like to ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief and if possible limited to two. If time allows, well address follow-on questions once everyones had an opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that, well turn it over to Shaquana to start our Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Todd Thomas, representing KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, good afternoon. First question, in terms of investments, you probably have cash sort of the largest investment in that or the widest I guess in terms of what youre interested in markets and properties, and some of your peers seem to be a little more selective. Can you just talk about your investment rationale a little bit, and then given that, are you seeing sort of reduced competition on acquisitions to the market sort of opening up a little bit for EXR?
Spencer F. Kirk: Todd, its Spencer. Lets take the broader question. We look at open market acquisitions and then what Ill call off-market acquisitions. In the open market acquisitions, there continues to be a lot of money chasing what seems to be relatively small number of properties given the size of the total industry. And we just want to participate, but we also want to remain disciplined and make sure that the acquisitions we do are accretive. On the off-market acquisitions, those out at the partnerships that we have, we have been pleased with what weve done. Weve sold out over 280 assets held in joint venture relationships and we hope that at some point in the future when those partners decide that its time to monetize their assets that will be the first call and hopefully the only call when it comes time to transact.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then second question, just looking at your occupancy today, it appears that theres still some occupancy upside in the same-store as it stands, but next quarter when the same-store pool resets and the new, I guess, 2011 acquisitions are included, what will occupancy look like for the same-store pool then? Im just trying to get sense from a same-store perspective whether or not we should expect to see occupancy fall as the pool resets a little bit and what the magnitude of occupancy upside will then look like as we look into 2013?
Spencer F. Kirk: We dont have the exact numbers right now, but we plan on addressing that at the end of the first quarter. We are expecting that the occupancy will fall slightly. As the pool changes, well be adding a fair number of properties to that pool.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy representing UBS. Please proceed.
Christine McElroy  UBS: Hi, guys, good afternoon. You said it was about $0.01 in your release, but I was wondering if you could quantify the exact Sandy impact and can you describe the nature of the expenses? And did it all flow through OpEx or were there other income statement lines impacted?
Scott Stubbs: It flowed through two items actually. It flowed through property operating expenses to the tune of about $0.5 million and then about $900,000 flowed through the insurance company.
Christine McElroy  UBS: And then with regard to tenant reinsurance, where would you say you are today on overall portfolio penetration? What percentage of new customers opts for the insurance? And if you look at the 18% year-over-year growth in reinsurance revenues in 2012, how much would you say has been driven by continued increases in penetration in your own portfolio versus the benefit that you get if you add managed properties?
Karl Haas: This is Karl. The penetration on new tenants is above 90%. Our overall penetration is in the high 60s. And I dont really have a breakdown of whats coming between the new from the third-party management versus just the increase from existing customers. Im sure we can get that, but we dont have it handy.
Christine McElroy  UBS: If its in the high 60s today, do you have what it was a year ago?
Scott Stubbs: It was about in the mid-60s.
Spencer F. Kirk: The one thing that is clear though Christy is that growth does slow the higher it gets. So a larger amount of our growth does come as we add managed properties.
Christine McElroy  UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Toti representing Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed.
David Toti  Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.: Hey, good morning, guys.
Spencer F. Kirk: Hi, Dave.
David Toti  Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.: Quick question Spencer for you, now that weve seen the forecasts from your peer group relative to expectations for next year, your top line forecast seem a little bit conservative given whats been pretty clear pricing power over the last couple of quarters. Then you touched on this before, but can you give us some background on maybe why youre being a little bit hesitant going forward despite the evidence of pricing power over the last couple of quarters? What makes you sort of hold back in expectations for rent growth prospects?
Spencer F. Kirk: The answer, David is our methodology for providing guidance and visibility has not changed. We are at the very beginning of a year. There is a lot of uncertainty out there and weve looked down the road and said what can we reasonably expect to happen. And as weve rolled up our property level budgets baked everything together, we have come to the conclusion that where we are is our best guess as to where we think we might end up with a full year behind us with the benefit of hindsight. There is a lot of churn out there. Occupancy, yeah, there might be a little more gain. We need to see where street rates come in this year. But I think that the guidance weve given is what we accurately believe we can produce.
David Toti  Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.: And then, can you just maybe give us a little bit more detail in terms of the mix in that top line? And I apologize I jumped on a little bit late. But is it possible to disaggregate the sort of new versus renewal growth thats embedded in that top line?
Karl Haas: As far as the exact percentages, David or what specifically?
David Toti  Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.: Yeah, I mean no, just a very rough number, but what are you assuming relative to the kind of growth youre going to see on renewal rates going forward?
Karl Haas: Part of that growth obviously is coming from the occupancy delta. We expect to get a bit of an occupancy delta this year. The next largest contributor is discounts. Discounts will continue to be below where they were last year as our occupancy remains highs. And then to a lesser degree, its going to be street rates, and probably last in that list is existing customer rate increases.
David Toti  Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.: Okay. And then just one follow-up question, what are some plans relative to technology improvements that you might have going forward relative to your revenue management systems? I know you guys are pretty far out relative to the specification of this system, but what are some improvements you might be looking at putting in place or expecting to begin to perform?
Spencer F. Kirk: David, its Spencer. Actually, I wont look for any quantum leap. We are on our third-generation of revenue management. Today, we track 56 different inputs and variables and metrics to help us define our pricing and I think its going to be more of refinement out on the margin rather than any wholesale new initiative or way of looking at things. Thats really a continuation of what weve already been doing. And that is taking what we are learning from our data and applying it with finer granularity.
Karl Haas: This is Karl. We will also be focusing more on discounts, trying to get smarter and how we offer the discount, when we offer the discount, and that will also have an impact.
David Toti  Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.: Okay, great. Thanks for the detail.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Wolfe, representing Citi. Please proceed.
Eric Wolfe  Citigroup: Hey guys, thinking back to NAREIT, there was a decent amount of talk about PSA jumping their street rates by like 9% overnight. Im just curious whether youve seen any sort of incremental improvement in pricing powers since that happened or things just have remained pretty consistently strong?
Karl Haas: This is Karl. We are pushing rates, but its in the 4% to 5% range. And I think what youre going to find too is, as when we get these questions about where your street rates are versus existing customer rates, our rates are  our overall GPI and the percent change every month and even during the month is going all over the place. I mean were adjusting constantly, so you almost have to look at it over a longer period of time and its in the range of 4% to 5%. Wed like to think that  and I think this is probably the biggest upside potential thats out there, is as we all continue to get better occupancy that we might have the opportunity to push those rates even more, especially if no new competition comes along.
Eric Wolfe  Citigroup: Gotcha, thats helpful. And then second question, I guess bit of a change of topic, but as your stock continues to work and your cost of capital comes down as a result, what type of unlevered return do you think makes sense on acquisitions for your shareholders? Im just wondering whether that metric change as your stock does better and your cost of capital moves lower?
Scott Stubbs: We consider that. Obviously, we consider our short-term cost of capital, but we also can ignore the long-term cost of capital. So, there are times when we might be slightly more aggressive as our short-term cost of capital goes down, but I think that your unlevered IRRs are still somewhere 8 to 10.
Eric Wolfe  Citigroup: Gotcha. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Knott representing Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Hi, guys. Spencer, when you say that acquisition should be accretive, do you mean accretive only to earnings or would you consider acquiring an attractively priced lease-up situation that that may not immediately be accretive to earnings?
Spencer F. Kirk: Yes, we would consider looking at those lease-up situations and take a short hit on dilution. What we dont want to do is get whipped into frenzy with the rest of the market and pay rates that may not look so great five years from now.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: What were your thoughts on the Acadia sale? Were you an active bidder on that transaction?
Spencer F. Kirk: We were not.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Okay, thanks.
Spencer F. Kirk: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of (inaudible) representing Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Looking at your same-store results by region, there are some differences obviously. So, first in terms of occupancy, would you say that your goal occupancy varies by region? For example, Chicago was able to increase about 7% to 90%, but Houston is still below 80% or is there difference  is there a reason for the differences by region?
Karl Haas: This is Karl. Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Could you tell us what they might be?
Karl Haas: At some markets its a lot easier to get in. Theyre a lot stronger and were able to push to our goal overall occupancy quicker than in other markets. I mean, theres a certain drag that trying to cover or to overcome an occupancy gap in a shorter period of time, the cost can be significant. And so we do it more gradually and our system is looking to get you there, but they are going to get you there  its going to get you there in a way that maximizes the opportunity along the way. So if youre at 80%, yeah, you could get the 90% pretty quickly if you wanted to, and we could, but wed rather do it over a longer period of time and give away less and end up getting more of the whole way through it and we will get to our goal occupancy.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then also in terms of the variations between the different regions, it just comes out, I dont if its a coincidence or not, but Chicago, it looked like had the largest reduction in expenses about 20% lower, but then Houstons are about 20% higher with everybody else kind of in between there. Can you maybe tell us why some are doing so much better on expenses than others?
Karl Haas: Its a very micro property-by-property. It has nothing to do with occupancy. It has a lot more to do with just variations and it can be just kind of a quirk of the particular properties in that market. But theres no plan, and really is no correlation between rent per square foot. It can be property taxes as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky, representing RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Good afternoon guys. Can you talk a little bit about January and February trends?
Karl Haas: This is Karl. Its really pretty much the same as it has been. Expenses are up a little bit because we had a little snowstorm in the Northeast that hit us pretty good, and so were going to have a little bit of variation as a result of the snow. But otherwise revenues that theyre really holding, occupancy is holding, were really pretty pleased with where we are, and its pretty much according to our plan.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Second of all, you gave a little bit of color on street rates; I think you said 3.5% to 4% up in the fourth quarter. Just as we kind of look at the delta between move-in and move-out rates as you guys have been pushing aggressively on renewals, the street rates have improved, but not quite kept pace. So how is the delta right now between move-in and move-out rents versus kind of a year ago?
Karl Haas: It is about the same.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Is about the same?
Karl Haas: Yes.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then finally
Karl Haas: But once again, it is difficult to take a point in time, because our street rates are up and down so much. But when we look at it over a longer period of time, the gap is about the same now as it was a year ago.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: And what is your expectation for street rate growth then in 2013? I mean, I realize its on a  it is kind of on a bell curve, but just curious as to what youre kind of thinking
Karl Haas: Now, 4% to 5% that weve been talking about.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: 4% to 5%, okay.
Karl Haas: Yes.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: And then finally, just in terms of acquisitions, the amount of deal that youre seeing right now, how does that compare versus this time a year ago, and are you seeing greater  I mean, with that interest tick-up if pricing were to compress?
Spencer F. Kirk: Michael, its Spencer. I would say year-over-year interest is about the same. Its the beginning of a New Year. We dont have the surge that usually happens in the fourth quarter when people are trying to transact. So year-over-year, its about the same and quite frankly, if there is some more cap rate compression, there may be some more sellers. But right now, the question, I think a lot of sellers have is, if I sell my self-storage property and pay taxes, where am I going to reinvest my money and have as good of return as Im getting out this existing asset.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Omotayo Okusanya representing Jefferies. Please proceed.
Omotayo Okusanya  Jefferies & Co.: Hi, yes, good afternoon. Just in regards to the 2013 guidance. I mean, I think you guys have done a great job of telegraphing the potential slowdown on the top line, but in regards to the operating expense and the forecast, could you talk about some of the big ticket items that are kind of driving that large increase?
Scott Stubbs: Your largest increases are going to come from really three items. Its going to be payroll, property taxes, and credit cards. Credit cards, we had a positive delta last year that has gone away. Property taxes, we havent seen major increases for several years and were forecasting, depending on the area, 3% to 4% on those.
Omotayo Okusanya  Jefferies & Co.: On the credit card side, is it just swipe fees are going up or interchange fees are going up or what is it?
Scott Stubbs: Theyre not going up, but what happened last year is there were some new rules enacted that enabled us to process debit cards more like an ACH, so you werent charged credit card interchange on those.
Omotayo Okusanya  Jefferies & Co.: Okay.
Scott Stubbs: So it saved us a significant amount as well as everyone in the business.
Karl Haas: This is Karl. Last year it offset our increases. We dont expect an enormous increase this year, but were not going to get the significant decrease that we got last year.
Omotayo Okusanya  Jefferies & Co.: Got it. And then just a quick second question. I mean are there any markets at this point where youre actually seeing a slowdown in demand simply because the consumer is actually paying higher taxes and has a smaller paycheck to take home now?
Karl Haas: This is Karl again. No, we have not seen that. I mean, I know that a lot of retailers are and a lot of ad hoc information out there, but we have not have seen that yet.
Omotayo Okusanya  Jefferies & Co.: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Lesnick, representing Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Tom Lesnick  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys Im just filling in for Paula today. A couple of quick questions; first, I just want to talk about the private operator lending environment. What trends are you guys seeing and how have those trends changed at all in the past few months or so?
Spencer F. Kirk: I think for stabilized assets, just about anyone can get a loan. Obviously, I think from what were seeing is, it seems like those with money and with scale, its easier to get debt for those individuals than for a smaller individual. Not a lot of asset  I mean, not a lot of appetite for non-revenue producing or lease-up assets.
Tom Lesnick  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right. And then I guess secondly, are you guys seeing any trends in your tenant mix, maybe more home driven renters or business driven renters?
Karl Haas: This is Karl again. No.
Tom Lesnick  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks, thats all Ive got.
Spencer F. Kirk: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) You have a follow-up question from the line of Michael Knott representing Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Hey, Spencer, I think you got a version of this question earlier. But with regard to continued attempts to better maximize price and price the product as well as you can, where do you think youre at now if you think about it on a scale 1 to 10 with 10 being sort of a perfect ability to maximize price to every single customer? Where youre at now and where do you think you can get to in the next couple of years?
Karl Haas: Ill give you a good solid three. I think there is a lot of upside, a lot of learning and a lot more that can be done, and I think the application of Big Data and mining our data semantically to better refine our models will yet yield better results, but we are far from the end game on this. Were far from perfection.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: So is that good news just for Extra Space or do you think thats sort of a signal that the entire industry going to have maybe above inflation type rent growth over some extended period of time?
Karl Haas: I would maybe characterize it more towards those larger operators that have the resources to go after a disproportionate share of whats to be had. I think that what were doing? For instance, we have six revenue management people in our department. The small operator I highly doubt is ever going to be anywhere close to that. And for us, I think this is as the other publicly traded companies have stated many, many times, benefit that the publicly traded companies possess.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Yeah, thanks. And then a couple other ones for me. Is the $150 million of acquisition guidance for the year just a pure guess on the conservative side or is there some signs behind that?
Scott Stubbs: How about a guess?
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Okay.
Scott Stubbs: And Im not trying to be spread out, but we just dont know what the philosophy of transactions will be this year at the price point at which were willing to transact. So its purely a guess.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: And guidance was; are those loaded in somewhat evenly over the year guys?
Spencer F. Kirk: Yes.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Okay. And then last one. Scott, can you remind us of the solar tax credits and what the magnitude of that in the guidance is?
Scott Stubbs: Its $5 million to $6 million this year as far as benefiting the current year.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: And whats the duration of that program and can it be replaced at some point?
Scott Stubbs: Right now I believe it goes through 2016. So we started with the best returns on investment and then weve gone down from there. But we are also still trying to be fairly conservative in what level of investment were willing to make for the return.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Michael.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Spencer for closing remarks.
Spencer F. Kirk: We appreciate your interest in Extra Space today; great questions. We look forward to next quarters call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your participation on todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-30 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Clint Halverson  Vice President Investor Relations Spencer F. Kirk  Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer Karl T. Haas  Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President Operations Scott Stubbs  Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President 
Analyst : David Toti  FBR Capital Markets & Co. [Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors] Michael Salinksky  RBC Capital Markets Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird & Co. Ross Nussbaum  UBS Richard Milligan  Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Michael Bilerman  Citi Investment Research Todd Thomas  Keybanc Capital Markets 
Operator:  Welcome to the third quarter 2012 Extra Space Storage, Inc. earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in listen only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now turn the conference over to your host for today Mr. Clint Halverson, Vice President Investor Relations. Please proceed. 
Clint Halverson:  Welcome to Extra Space Storages third quarter 2012 conference call. In addition to our press release weve furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the companys latest filings with the SEC which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Tuesday, October 30, 2012. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call.  I would now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer F. Kirk : As we start this call I would like to simply say we are keenly aware of the natural disaster that has taken place and is still yet in process. We aware of the destruction and disruption in peoples lives and we want you to know that our thoughts and prayers are with all those that are being impacted, recognizing fully that the aftermath and the challenges going forward are not fully known nor what the course of the storm will yet be. We want to just acknowledge that this is not an optimal time for a call but nonetheless we had to make a decision and we have elected to go forward. But know that we are going to keep good thoughts for all those that have been in harms way or will yet be affected. Extra Space did have an outstanding quarter thanks to the diligent focused efforts of the entire team. The environment and culture here are riveted on innovation, technology and performance. Additionally, our industry leading results speak to the depth and sophistication of our systems, our processes, and our unique financial and ownership structures.  Ive spoken many times about our ability to deliver double digit FFO growth. This past quarter was no exception with a robust 34% year-over-year increase. Property performance was strong and our results benefited from accretive acquisitions. Speaking of accretive acquisitions, we currently have six properties with an aggregate purchase price of $15 million slated to close by the end of the year on top of the $486 million already closed in 2012.  We continue to execute in a meaningful and substantive way to grow the REIT from open market and off market acquisitions. We are delighted with the success of this quarter and our performance year-to-date. We are keenly aware that the comps for next year will be a very large hurdle. Please remember this statement. Id now like to turn the time over to Carl to talk about operations.
Karl T. Haas : During the third quarter we experienced very strong same store revenue growth of 6.8% especially in light of the 4.9% revenue growth we had in the third quarter last year. Year-to-date same store revenue is up 6.6%. We continue to see our Internet marketing and revenue management strategies pay big dividends. As we refine our pricing model we will continue to steal market share from our smaller competitors. Rental demand for storage remained stable in the third quarter and we havent seen a meaningful influx of new supply which resulted in record high occupancy levels for our portfolio. We ended the quarter at approximately 90%, up nearly 2% over last year. Stable rentals coupled with the lack of new supply allowed us to increase street rates 5% on average per quarter.  Same store expenses continue to be below budget. The primary drivers for expenses being down by 2.8% were lower repair and maintenance costs, continued benefits from sustainability initiatives and lower credit card processing fees. The benefit of lower credit card processing fees began in October last year and this will dissipate in the fourth quarter.  Discounts were down year-over-year 15% for the quarter and 10% for the year. This is due to higher occupancy and a focused effort to offer the right price and promotion. All those combined to produce third quarter same store operating income of 11.4% on top of 7.3% growth last year. With that Id like to turn it over to Scott for a little bit more.
Scott Stubbs : Yesterday we reported third quarter FFO of $0.43 per share inclusive of a $2.5 million charge related to our acquisitions. We exceeded the top end of our quarterly guidance by $0.02. This can be attributed primarily to better than expected same store property results and the performance and timing of our 2012 acquisitions.  Weve had a banner year for acquisitions. During the quarter we closed on 53 properties for approximately $450 million. Of these 53 properties, 36 were from the Prudential transaction. As of today, we have six additional assets under contract for just over $50 million. These six properties are located in Florida, Massachusetts and New Jersey and will be great additions to our portfolio. With the acquisitions closed during the quarter we now have 416 wholly owned assets compared to 304 joint venture properties and 190 third-party sites under management. We continue to focus on growing the REIT in a disciplined and meaningful way.  As of September 30th the company had five separate lines of credit with the total capacity of $340 million with $240 million drawn on these lines. Subsequent to the end of the quarter we paid off the $100 million GE line that recently matured and replaced this line with secured loans. Interest rates continue to be at all time lows. As a point of reference we recently closed a five year loan at 2.8% and a seven year loan at 3.2%, both loans were swapped fixed.  Based on the results for the third quarter, weve raised our full year 2012 FFO guidance to be between $1.56 and $1.58 per share. Key assumptions relating to these estimates can be found in our press release. With that Ill now turn the time back to Spencer for some closing remarks.
Spencer F. Kirk : This year we have had one main theme and that is to focus on fundamentals. Simply put, to maximize every revenue opportunity and appropriately minimize every expense. Our third quarter results show that this focus is paying off. We will continue to drive innovation in our systems, our marketing and our operating platform to capture the right customer, at the right price, at the right time.  It is no surprise but uncertainty seems to be once again a primary theme this earning season. The word is being dropped frequently in many conference calls so far and it echoes much of what we are hearing both on and off the street. However, we remain optimistic about the self storage sector and our ability to produce solid results for our shareholders going forward.  With that, Id now like to turn the time over to Clint to start the Q&A session.
Clint Halverson: We understand that there are several individuals that are not able to join us on the call today. We would invite those that are on the call to ask all the questions that they have at this time and then we would invite those who are not able to be on the call to meet with us at NAREIT in the next few weeks. With that well turn it over to the operator to start our Q&A session.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from David Toti  FBR Capital Markets & Co.
David Toti  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I just have a couple of small questions. I just want to discuss the acquisition strategy a little bit. In terms of the operating platform, do you think theres a size where you sort of reach maturity because the pace has been pretty aggressive for a couple of years now? Or, is it sort of an infinite proposition in your view?
Spencer F. Kirk : When we started to build Extra Space we had scalability in mind. Thats why weve had a significant technology focus and from my perspective operationally this is close to being infinitely scalable. Its the vision we had and its the way we have structured our systems and processes. In terms of the integration of a fairly robust year of acquisition activity, I think weve managed it well. Weve been measured, weve been disciplined and the good news as we talked about the 53 acquisitions in Q3 alone, 36 of those were from Prudential. They were already in our system. The management plus progress weve had in growing that third-party management where weve prospected and brought some of those properties in our balance sheet. Once again, those were already branded Extra Space, our systems, our people behind the counter and so as you look at the three ways we can grow either the REIT through open market or off market transactions and the growth of the management plus program, I think most of these speak to reasonable pace and minimal risk as we go forward.
David Toti  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: At a certain point does it make sense to start putting some of the weaker assets, I know generally the operators are hesitant to do that because of the scale issue, but when you get to a certain size maybe theres some sense in dispositions?
Spencer F. Kirk : Dispositions are something that certainly we look at. As Ive said many times, were in the process of building the company and as conduit loans and other things provide some flexibility well take a look at it but I think the primary word for us is growth not dismantling.
David Toti  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: My last question on this topic, as the operating base grows are there other synergies you expect in terms of operating leverage over the existing basket or is it just an expansion of the current synergies? In other words are there expense savings that you expect to obtain as you sort of get into a new size?
Spencer F. Kirk : I think size and scale still matter but I would say were starting to talk out on the margins. I dont think it would be reasonable to model in anything that is on a large scale or substantive base because I just dont see it.
David Toti  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: My last question, you mentioned in the press release that incentives were down. How do you guys read that? Is it just sort of the period, is it because of your occupancy levels, or is it just the overall environment where pricing power is increasing for you?
Karl T. Haas : Discounts are down because our occupancy is up and as we reach certain occupancy thresholds its done by unit type and so the discounts available for our managers to offer go down. The first step is taking it down from full month to half month and then to no months. The good thing is our major competitors are also more occupied and theyre doing the same thing.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors].
[Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors]: I hate to ask an insensitive question about the store but Im just curious if you have any intel on your own portfolio and any damage there may be? Then also, is there any reason to expect that this particular storm wouldnt be beneficial for the industry like prior big storms have been?
Spencer F. Kirk : Its not an insensitive question, its just a matter of fact that we have to deal with the environment in which were doing business and natural challenges and those things. First of all, the storm is far from over. Weve had a team that has been up all night. What I can tell you today is weve got one store that we know has about four feet of water in the office and the property has some serious problems. But the vast majority of our stores are open for business and I think the preliminary report is positive and that were in reasonably good shape. But not knowing what the path and the rest of this storm has out there I would hate to prognosticate where I dont know. Natural disasters obviously help drive the business. We also know that there will be some expenses associated with this but the indications are right now that the guidance we have given that Scott just talked about is what we still maintain as the likely outcome for the performance of this company in Q4. 
[Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors]: Then just as it pertains to your insurance business, that obviously had another good quarter in 3Q with expenses down. Do you expect that the storm will reverse that trend next quarter or maybe even in 1Q? Im not sure of what the lack is on sort of when those claims might be paid out or how that works?
Scott Stubbs : We would expect them to be up some in the fourth quarter and potentially trailing into the first quarter of next year. But, we had a pretty serious storm go through last year in the same area in New Jersey and while claims did go up slightly it wasnt like they spiked a significant amount. The other thing that were sorting through is which of those claims will be covered whether or not its from rising water or from wind damage because certain types of things are excluded in the coverage.
[Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors]: Then just one more question and Ill hop back in the queue, I guess this one would be for Karl. Karl, I would assume that rent growth this quarter was about 5% or so on average. My question is, is more than 100% of that coming from increases on existing customers? In other words, are move in rates still lower than move out rates or is that starting to dissipate?
Karl T. Haas : No, its starting to balance out. It really depends on the length of stay. If you take it on a micro basis, customers that have been with us for a long time can be well above street rates and so there is some negative churn for those but on balance were not losing a lot its pretty relatively flat Our street and existing customer rates are really close together. 
[Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors]: So when tenants move out thats kind of flat revenue then assuming its back filled but then the rent growth is really just coming from existing customer increases?
Karl T. Haas : Yes and street rates being up slightly in comparison to the prior year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Salinksky  RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Salinksky  RBC Capital Markets: First question, you talked about 5% street rate growth in the quarter, Im assuming thats year-over-year. Can you talk about how that trended through the quarter? I believe when you talked back in July I think you said 3% so it sounds like there was some nice acceleration. Also, can you give us a sense what youre seeing in October?
Karl T. Haas : It is up and down continuously. Our system controls it and its doing it based on a very micro basis property-by-property unit type by unit type and so it goes up, it goes down. I think its better to look at it in a longer period of time rather than trying to get either excited or depressed about it being up and down week-to-week and month-to-month.
Michael Salinksky  RBC Capital Markets: Can you talk a little bit then I guess about the trend, what youve seen under that pretense of the last 90 days?
Karl T. Haas : Its holding pretty well. Our occupancy is actually slightly above where we expected it to be, our delta to prior year. So thats enabling us to hold the rates a little better. Then its a combination of that and the other significant benefit is just at the higher levels of occupancy were giving away less discounts so our achieved rate continues to trend very favorably. 
Michael Salinksky  RBC Capital Markets: The second question a little bit on asset pricing, have you seen any compression on cap rates Id say over the last 90 to 120 days? Also, are you seeing any increase in volume, the amount of properties being put on the market by sellers at this point?
Spencer F. Kirk : In terms of cap rate compression the last 90 days I wouldnt say its been substantive I would say as weve looked out for deals we still think for us, somewhere between 6.5% and 8% is the sweet spot. It obviously depends on the quality of the asset, the market in which that asset is located and other things because there is a broad range of variability in terms of asset quality. But as we look at transactional volume we see opportunities, were bidding on opportunities, there seems to be a fair amount of interest. One of the big questions for us is what happens between November 6th and the end of the year and thats one of the unknowns. I will say that after November 6th or 7th it becomes a little tougher to transact but we do expect there will be increased activity potentially.
Michael Salinksky  RBC Capital Markets: The final question and kind of bigger picture question, we havent seen a whole lot of supply or starts in the storage space over the last 18 months, actually probably longer than that, but given the rent growth that youre seeing and the occupancy pick up in the storage spaces, when do you expect supply to start ramping up there?
Spencer F. Kirk : Its anybodys guess. I think I made a comment previously in another call that the bankers have been a little bit reluctant to loan against new construction. As weve demonstrated quite amply, if youve got a stabilized asset you can get loans all day long but new construction has been a little problematic. Once you are kind of in that mode, its a year or two to get an entitlement, a year to build it and then two to four years to lease it up and having spoken with a number of folks in the industry I reaffirm that I think in major markets there might be several dozen properties being built and maybe in the entire country several hundred.  Were not back in the hay day of the mid 2000s, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007 were on average 2,500 or 2,600 properties a year were being built. So its anybodys guess but this is one of those things that is driving the performance of the self storage sector and that is there is relatively no new supply and as I go around for instance I hear of a city like Phoenix might have three, four, or five assets come out of the ground we are not seeing massive amounts of supply. Its going to just depend on market dynamics and financing and a whole host of issues but right now its really good if youre an existing storage operator. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird & Co.
Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Just to follow up on the question about the acquisition environment, are you seeing more, particularly out of your third-party platform more owners being more willing to sell driven by tax policy concerns?
Scott Stubbs : We have seen an increase over the last 60 days of owners wanting to get a transaction done by the end of the year. They may or may not be able to get that down or we may be able to agree on pricing or not but we have seen more individual sellers versus portfolio deals.
Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Then out of the joint venture funds is it the normal course of capital recycle through your joint venture partners or is there a strategic change with theyre being apparently more willing to sell those assets?
Scott Stubbs : We would tell you it depends on the fund and their objectives. Each fund is going to have different objectives but for the most part many of them are looking to buy more self storage rather than divest of their self storage investment. All of our partners have been very happy with the performance of self storage. 
Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Spencer, you had mentioned in one of your earlier responses that not only your occupancies are high but many in the sector are high. Even if we do see a more normal seasonality pattern through the trough in February, doesnt that suggest that portfolio occupancies will be higher than normal heading into the spring leasing cycle which should translate into some pretty healthy pricing power?
Spencer F. Kirk : That is our hope. Theres a lot of distance between now and then Paula but thats one of the things we have modeled that with virtually no new supply and our occupancies being at the highest level weve ever seen. Going into the next prime season were optimistic that its going to be a good year for us and well capture and deliver some solid results.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ross Nussbaum  UBS.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: A couple of questions, first where are your street REITs today relative to the peak of the market back in 07?
Spencer F. Kirk : Im not sure I have that handy. Probably above it but weve gotten back and above where we were but I dont have it handy with me.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: On the insurance side I just want to follow up and make sure I understand, there was a suggestion that not all claims fall under the policy, is flooding or water damage not caused by wind not covered under your insurance policies?
Spencer F. Kirk : Generally no, we have two different types of coverage. We have a general insurance policy and then a flood rider also.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: What percentage of the tenants who generally elect the general go for the flood as well?
Spencer F. Kirk : Well, we just started offering the flood rider in the middle of this year so its not a high percentage of our customers who actually have the flood rider. 
Karl T. Haas : I view it as a positive if our customers do have coverage and in an instance like this it helps to further enhance our salability of insurance and drives home the point that its a good thing to have insurance. So we will probably experience some claims but thats not a bad thing. It helps our managers feel better about having this program and it will also drive home the point to our customers which is the same thing I think the big insurance companies, theyre going to take a bit hit here but theyre well able to do that and on a go forward basis its probably going to help their business. We view it in the long run one, its good for our customers and two, its going to be good for us.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: If I go back and look at the positive impact that other web related disasters have had on the storage business particularly lets take a Florida hurricane for example, is there a way you can help us quantify how much of an uptick in demand lets say over a 30 to 90 day period you typically see after one of these events?
Spencer F. Kirk : Its tough to quantify the uptick. What we can tell you is our internal discussions have been look, were at 90% occupancy at the end of the quarter we dont have that much more headroom for the maneuvering. This is very different than five years ago and so I would suggest were going to have some gain in revenue, well probably see some nice uptick in occupancy in some of those affected areas. Were also going to have some claims and I think the revenue and expenses we still reaffirm our guidance, I think its still in that range of $1.56 to $1.58 for the full year. Were not modeling anything dramatically different and thats based on lots of experience over lots of years. 
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: When I look at your supplemental and I look at for the quarter on a year-over-year basis you had about 1,100 fewer rentals and about 554 higher vacates so those numbers how should we think about those heading into next year? Obviously, wed like the signs in front of those numbers be reversed.
Scott Stubbs : One of the things we caution people on is not to get too hung up on the year-over-year because last year may have been abnormally good or bad so what we generally focus on is how those trends appear on a seven year trend. So we look at our rentals and vacates over a seven year period and we would tell you that those numbers lay right in the middle. In addition to that our occupancy is higher than that so we would expect rentals to be down slightly and vacates to up slightly so theres obviously fewer units to rent and more people to vacate.
Spencer F. Kirk : Theres also one other thing to consider. We do somewhere between 30,000 and 40,000 rentals a month depending on seasonality. When you pick a data point say you have 1,100 fewer and 500 greater, the order of magnitude were talking 1% to 1.5% in context and I think a lot of that is well within the range of normal business cycle variations or normal economic changes that cant be modeled or forecast. I go back to what Scott said, you need to be careful when youre taking a look at those numbers.
Karl T. Haas : Plus, we focus on square footage not necessarily just units and our square foot delta is actually exceeding our expectations and were pleased with where we are. We expect our square foot delta, the gap to continue to close because were  although Ive been saying this for a while and our system has changed a little bit where its not just totally driven by occupancy so it hasnt closed as quickly as I would have thought but were still in a plus two to the same time last year and in October at almost 90% occupancy. We are where we want to be.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Then just two quick housekeeping items, when did the bulk of the acquisitions close during the quarter?
Spencer F. Kirk : First of all G&A impact has already been modeled in everything weve given you, no change there. [Tim] has come back as Chairman of the Board and Chief Investment Officer and I think hes doing a good job in helping us to identify opportunities. We are modeling officially the financial impact started July 1, 2012. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line [Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors].
[Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors]: Just going back to your cap rate comment of 6.5% to 8% Im just curious is that the range youre willing to buy at or do you feel like thats representative of some of your best markets versus some of the lower end markets? I would think that many of the better markets would be well below 6% today but Im just curious if you can clarify those comments?
Spencer F. Kirk : The 6.5% to 8% range is I think, a fair representation of where we think we should transacting to do accretive transactions. I think weve amply demonstrated that we are able to produce intelligent results without getting whipped into a frenzy. Were in this for the long haul and I think its important for us to remain disciplined and focused and recognize that weve had plenty of activity that we dont need to pour an accelerant on something that is already going pretty well. I think the results speak for themselves.
[Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors]: If we move that conversation to just sort of market cap rates do you feel like Boston, New York, LA, San Francisco type markets and maybe South Florida are kind of 5.5% today or where would you peg those and where would you sort of peg a very average market within that 6.5% to 8% range?
Spencer F. Kirk : Let me see if I can answer this. I think there will always be buyers that are willing to pay a lot. I still maintain you can pay too much for gold. An A asset in an A market you can get crazy and overpay for something. For us, weve said, in building long term value if its a good asset in a good market were going to be in the sixes and if we start to get into the secondary market it needs to drift into the sevens. I spoke last quarter about asset quality being the physical condition of the asset itself, the quality of the market, and then the location of the asset within the market.  It becomes fairly complex because you have objective and subjective measures by which you value something. For Extra Space weve got a seasoned acquisition team, weve got a lot of experience and we dont necessarily subscribe that markets have to be in the fives to produce meaningful results. Weve demonstrated through 2012 that we can do intelligent acquisitions without being crazy.
[Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors]: A couple more questions for me, one would be have you looked at all or thought about potentially expanding into Europe at some point in the future through acquisitions?
Spencer F. Kirk : This is one where I can be pretty clear, we are not going to Europe. We are a North American self storage company and strategically the board of directors has decided that the greatest opportunities are in our own backyard. A data point, and this is rounding, in North America there are about 54,000 self storage facilities. In all of Europe there might be 3,000. I think the greatest opportunity is right here where we are keenly positioned on the Internet, revenue management systems, operating practices, cultural things, linguistic capabilities of our managers, I think weve got the right formula to produce the very best result. I for one, am not interested in looking for a pasture that in my opinion, is not greener on the other side of the fence. 
[Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors]: Last question for me, can you update us if you have the numbers off the top of your head but the 09 to 12 development pipeline? What kind of stabilized yield are those tracking to? I know youre out of that business now but are these properties exceeding what you underwrote? How are they trending?
Scott Stubbs : Right now theyre leasing up very well but theyre leasing up at rates lower than we originally underwrote. Generally, once those properties become stabilized well push the rates. So if one were to just look at the rates you would say that those properties are behind the original estimates but they are doing well in our mind because we want to fill them up first and then push the rates.
[Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors]: So youre going to stabilize at what kind of unlevered yield?
Scott Stubbs : I think youre talking  and it depends on the property, it depends on the year, youre probably talking somewhere between 8 and 10 depending on the asset.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Richard Milligan  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Richard Milligan  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Most of my questions have been answered. Im just curious in terms of marketing for your mobile platform how many of your customers are coming now mobile versus desktop? And what do the conversion rates look like? Im just wondering if you have an idea as to the smaller mom and pops, how many of those have a mobile platform? What does the competition look like there?
Spencer F. Kirk : Let me take the second question first. I cant speak to what the smaller operators are doing with their mobile platforms. One of the questions as to why we think the larger operators are taking market share is using Extra Space as a data point, weve got 42 people internally and externally working on our traditional Internet, our mobile strategy, and our social media strategy. We are spending tens of thousands of dollars a day on paid search. The mobile penetration to date is just over 30% and the conversion rate is a little bit higher than that.  The mobile strategy is very important to us. Its accelerating, its accelerated very nicely and in fact, we have invested heavily in our mobile strategy and I cant imagine how a smaller operator can put those kinds of resources for programming and optimization into multiple platforms because you talk traditional Internet which is very different than mobile, which is different than social and you look at all the different devices and the software and it becomes a very large matrix and its complex and its expensive and I dont know how the small guy does it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Bilerman  Citi Investment Research.
Michael Bilerman  Citi Investment Research: I apologize I jumped on late because I was on another call, but just in terms of expenses heading into the fourth quarter it would appear though your guidance has got about a 4% lift for fourth quarter expenses and just given the trend that youve been seeing it just seems like a large growth rate so I dont know if theres anything particular about this fourth quarter, I know weve talked a little bit about claim activity, or is there anything in last years fourth that we have to be mindful of?
Scott Stubbs : Really, one big item is last year you had very little snow removal so basically our fourth quarter numbers are largely going to our budgets. So were showing that snow is going to be the historical norm which is our budget. In addition were losing the effect of the credit cards. The benefit from credit cards took place October so year-over-year youre going to lose that in this fourth quarter so your big changes are really credit card and snow removal. Then property taxes just coming in at 4% to 5%.
Michael Bilerman  Citi Investment Research: How much would snow and credit card have an impact on that 4% growth rate if they were flat with the prior year? What would that imply?
Karl T. Haas : It would probably bring it down to closer around 2%. 
Michael Bilerman  Citi Investment Research: Arguably the snow and credit card is across the entire portfolio not just the same store as I would expect all expenses to be up. Is there a certain level of drag on the entirety of the portfolio?
Karl T. Haas : When we give our assumptions just remember those are just the same store assumptions. 
Michael Bilerman  Citi Investment Research: Correct, thats why Im saying the snow and credit card would obviously have an impact on the entire portfolio?
Karl T. Haas : Yes, thats correct.
Michael Bilerman  Citi Investment Research: Is there some level, just a dollar number that you can share with us in terms of the negative impact both the aggregate on the same store and the entire portfolio, just what normal was in 4Q in last year and what the estimate is today, and what credit card was last year versus what it is today?
Karl T. Haas : We actually dont have that in front of us right now.
Michael Bilerman  Citi Investment Research: Spencer, you were pretty clear in terms of your Europe answer, how does Canada factor into the mix?
Spencer F. Kirk : Canada is part of North America and if and when theres a good opportunity to move northward into Canada wed love to participate. Its very simple, we like Canada we just havent found the right opportunity.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird & Co.
Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Just a follow up on your comment on real estate taxes, any markets that youve seen surprisingly higher or lower real estate taxes?
Scott Stubbs : No market, theres no theme between markets its more property-by-property but no one individual market is significantly higher than it has been.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Todd Thomas  Keybanc Capital Markets.
Todd Thomas  Keybanc Capital Markets: I just had a couple of questions on acquisitions. It sounded like part [inaudible] and increase in guidance for the remainder of the year was attributable to the performance of the acquisitions completed year-to-date, theyre running ahead of expectations. I was just wondering what you attribute that to?
Scott Stubbs : Our PRISA III properties are running ahead of what we originally used in our budgets to the tune of about $300,000 in the quarter. In addition to that, were talking more about timing of those properties. We originally estimated that six of those properties would close August 1st, they closed July 12th. In addition to that the other four properties in regards to the New Jersey/New York properties we estimated were going to close in late October, they ended up closing in August. Timing was a portion of it as well as the PRISA properties.
Todd Thomas  Keybanc Capital Markets: Then based on what you see today, whats your general sense of the acquisition environment? If you exclude the PRISA acquisition is the level of acquisitions that youve seen something that you feel can be maintained for the time being?
Scott Stubbs : We feel like things are pretty competitive out there. We want to try to be disciplined and we feel like weve done that this year and we hope to be able to continue to do that going forward. If cap rates fall we have become a little bit more aggressive but we havent necessarily chased them all away. As we model things going forward, if you modeled something $100 million a year we would tell you thats reasonable, if you did $500 million a year I think thats going to be aggressive.
Todd Thomas  Keybanc Capital Markets: Then just lastly it sounded like youre pretty firm about expecting the tough comps to be challenging to overcome in 2013. Is that a function of occupancy at record levels where there really isnt that much room to improve on the occupancy front or is it because you feel theres still a lack of pricing power based on what you see today? I know you havent provided 2013 guidance but it sounds like street rents are higher by 5% year-over-year, youre still getting the existing customer rent increases so in terms of revenue growth can you just help me understand where that statement, where the caution that you started the call with, really stems from?
Spencer F. Kirk : The caution comes from this, NOI was up 7.3% a year ago were up 11.4% this year, you compound that its 19.53% so almost 20% over that time period. Thats pretty good and to expect double digit performance really puts us at the top end of anything that is historically the average. I dont for one second want to delude myself or any of our investors or shareholders that continuously operating above what has been the historical norm is sustainable. So yes, its a great time in storage with no new supply and were taking market share from the smaller operators and the assumptions that were in the press release speak to a little more optimistic and buoyant environment in which we can produce results that are on the top end of what the historical patterns have been.  But, I just want to make sure that we do not come to expect double digit NOI growth for year in and year out and have that become something that is attributed to self storage because I dont know that is something we can produce and I dont want to set an improper expectation. 
Todd Thomas  Keybanc Capital Markets: [Inaudible] the same caution if you think about just top line? If you just think about revenue growth do you feel the same about that or is it more the function of the combination with the lower operating expenses and purely on same store NOI growth where you feel that thats going to be tough to replicate?
Karl T. Haas : From the top line standpoint weve benefitted from three drivers. One is the rate which weve gotten some traction on rate and thats really good. The second is occupancy, weve had very good growth in occupancy and weve kind of gotten to almost a stabilized point on occupancy. The third is discount so the reduction in discounts and bad debt expense over the last two or three years. Both of those have been squeezed pretty hard, the discounts and bad debt and its going to be hard to replicate that kind of growth to have that boost the same store revenue growth. Unless we find something new or different its going to be hard. I read this in some of the analyst write ups on apartment complexes and I dont think were that much different, the norm is not 5.5% to 6.5% revenue growth long term in our business. Its hard to maintain and so I think not just us, were going to do as well if not better than our competition, that were going to drive, but its somewhat unrealistic to think that were going to be able to continue with 5.5% to 7% same store revenue growth.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors].
[Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors]: Can you just talk maybe a little bit about the stickiness of customers and whether that is increasing or not? Then I dont know if you happen to know what percentage of your customers have been in place for a year or longer? Then maybe just speak to any seasonality along that number?
Karl T. Haas : Well, anticipating tough questions like this I have those statistics directly in front of me. Greater than 12 months is 58.6%, greater than 24 months is around 37%, and Im not going to go into any more detail because then youll just remember those and want to know it every quarter. But, the good thing is that those numbers are slightly up from prior periods so were not seeing any deterioration of our client base.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen we have no more questions in the queue at this time. 
Spencer F. Kirk : Thank you everyone for joining the Extra Space management team today. This concludes our call. A final remark, to all those who have been affected by this super storm Sandy, we sincerely wish you the best for the best possible outcome as you go back to rebuild your personal and professional lives. We know its been a great disruption and theres been significant loss and just know that were going to keep good thoughts for you. Thank you.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the second quarter Extra Space Storage, Inc earnings conference call. My name is Brie, and I will be your operator for today. At this all, participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Clint Halverson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Clint Halverson: Thank you, Brie. Welcome to Extra Space Storage's second quarter 2012 conference call. In addition to our press release, we have furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Tuesday July 31, 2012. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Clint. Hello, everyone and thank you for joining us today. With me are Karl Haas, our Chief Operating Officer, and Scott Stubbs, our Chief Financial Officer. It was another very good quarter for Extra Space. We achieved year-over-year FFO growth of 41%. Our properties and our systems are performing very well. During the quarter, we increased same-store revenues 6.7%, and reduced expenses which resulted in double-digit NOI growth of 10.2%. I give credit where credit is due. To our people. I think our 2,400 employees, who have worked hard and dedicated themselves to executing on the fundamentals of our business. Our internal and external growth efforts have been highly effective in acquiring quality well-located assets. We have acquired 51 properties so far in 2012, 36 of which are from Prudential, and we have an additional nine properties under contract. We are disciplined in our acquisition approach and purchased assets when it makes financial sense for our shareholders. As the country's largest third-party management company with 519 assets under management, we continue to assert and demonstrate that this is a viable off market acquisition pipeline. Of the 51 assets acquired this year, 76% came from these existing relationships. Our company is driven by an entrepreneurial culture of innovation and growth and we push for continuous improvement in all areas of our business. This development and implementation of system-wide innovations will continue to improve our performance. I would now like to turn the call over to Karl to talk about our operational success in more detail.
Karl Haas: Thanks, Spence. As Spencer noted, we saw excellent revenue growth of 6.7% in the second quarter. There are a few primary factors that drove this top line growth. First, the latest version of our revenue management software is working well. We are gaining a better understanding of the price elasticity of demand for storage at a property level. We are often asked about our rental volume for a given period. Although the rental volume is significant, it is more important to maximize the long-term revenue growth of those rentals with the correct mix of incoming price, discount and rate increases over time. Second, we continue to gain market share from our smaller competitors by leveraging our size, resources and sophisticated systems, we are driving traffic to our websites and properties. We are capturing more than our fair share of the rentals while lowering our overall cost per acquisition. Lastly, we are not seeing any new supply. As we mentioned in the last quarter, our same-store pool of 282 properties includes 19 sites that over three years old and are in the final stages of lease up. As a result, during the second quarter, we received almost a 0.8% of top line benefit from these assets. By stripping these 19 properties out of the same-store pool, our top line revenue growth would have been 5.9% versus the 6.7%. Same-store year-over-year expenses were down slightly, primarily due to lower utility cost as a result of our investment in sustainability initiatives. We are also seeing lower credit card processing fees, thanks to new regulations. While we continue to implement processes and invest in systems that create efficiencies, we don't expect our expense growth rate to continue at the levels it's been at Q1 and Q2. Expense will return to more normal levels as we move through the year. With occupancy at historically high levels, discounts and promotions are down 11% for the quarter. When combined, all these factors bode well for the remainder of the year. With that, I would like to turn it over to Scott.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Karl. Yesterday, we reported second quarter FFO of $0.38 per share including $0.01 of lease-up dilution. We exceeded the top end of our guidance by $0.03. $0.02 of this was due to better than expected property and tenant insurance results. The other $0.01 was the result of lower than anticipated interest expense as we have been able to obtain loans at rates that are at all time historical lows. During the quarter, we sold 8 million shares of common stock for net proceeds of about $225 million. These proceeds are primarily being used to fund acquisitions. We have seen good traction in the acquisitions market in 2012. During the second quarter, we closed on the acquisition of four properties for approximately $21.3 million. These properties are located in Florida and Maryland. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we closed on the purchase of Prudential's interest in the PRISA III joint venture, adding 36 properties to the REIT. As of today, the total number of wholly-owned assets is 408, as compared to 304 joint venture properties. This demonstrates our strategy to grow the REIT in a meaningful way. In addition, subsequent to the end of the quarter, we have closed on the acquisition of nine other properties for approximately $71.8 million. These properties are located in California, Colorado, New Jersey, New York and South Carolina. In addition to these, we have nine additional properties under contract for approximately $83 million, located in Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Texas, Utah and Virginia. We have updated our acquisition assumptions in our guidance to account for the increase in volume and acquisitions. We have revised our full year 2012 FFO guidance to be between $1.47 and $1.53 per share, and expect to earn between $0.39 and $0.41 in the third quarter. Key assumptions relating to these estimates can be found in the press release. I will now turn the time back to Spencer for some closing comments.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Scott. Let me reiterate that Extra Space has one main theme in 2012, focus on fundamentals, which simply put is, maximize every revenue opportunity and appropriately minimize every single expense. We are executing at a high level on both fronts. We exceeded our expectations in the second quarter and are pleased with the results, but I again caution that they should not be utilized as the basis for our long-term growth trend. If you look back over the last several years, it is evident that we are now running on the high end of the growth spectrum. As a team, we can't take our eye off the ball, become complacent or become arrogant. We are keenly aware of the considerable competition that exists in the self storage sector. With this attitude and approach, I feel confident that we will consistently find ways to increase shareholder value. With that, I would now like to turn the time over to Clint to start the Q&A Session.
Clint Halverson: Thank you, Spencer. In order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyone's questions, I would ask that everyone keep your initial question to (Inaudible) possible limited to two. If time allows, we will address follow-on questions once everyone has had an opportunity to ask their initial questions. With that, we will turn it over to Brie to start our Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Swaroop Yalla with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Swaroop Yalla: Close enough. Thank you for taking my question. Spencer, can you talk a little bit about the source of the deal flow you are seeing? Who is the incremental seller in this market? Is it mom-and-pop operators, or private guys liquidating their portfolios? Maybe on that note, if you can discuss the cap rates, which these acquisitions are based on?
Spencer Kirk: Let me first of all take the cap rate question. I would say the purchases of the assets we have talked about have ranged from about 6.5 to about 8, and that depends on the quality of the asset. In my mind, a quality score has three components. The physical condition of the asset, the market where that asset is located and the location within the market. So we tried to pay an appropriate cap rate depending on that three-tiered or three-pronged quality assessment. We are getting buyers from across the board, Swaroop. Obviously, what call I call quasi-proprietary acquisition pipeline is not prettiness in any way, shape or form. 76% of our purchases so far this year have because of those existing carefully nurtured relationships and we will continue to work with our partners and provide a fair transaction if and when they decide it's time to exit a particular property or portfolio. We do have mom-and-pops coming to us at an increasing rate. Many of the smaller operators are acknowledging that they cannot compete against the national operators. They don't have the platform or the systems, particularly with the internet to really drive traffic like the larger operators do. Some of the mom-and-pops however still are looking for prices that are not realistic, at least not for Extra Space, and we have remained a disciplined buyer adding properties when it is accretive to this company.
Swaroop Yalla: That's helpful. Second question I wanted to ask on the rental trend. If you can talk about asking rents, how they've trended this quarter? Then do you track your rents versus overall market rent? Can you talk about the delta between yours and the overall market?
Karl Haas: This is Karl. Our rates are holding quite well. We ended the quarter about 3% above the prior year, and combined with the occupancy delta to last year, which held better than I would have expected. That's what really the combination of that is what drove our growth this quarter. As far as the competitors, it's kind of all over the place. Public storage, cube and sovereign, their rates are up and down, and in other cases follow us, or not necessarily follow us, but we are all kind of moving together. The local operators, really, there's not much variability in their rates. They stay about the same, so we in this last quarter, I believe, we probably closed the gap a little bit with our competitors and in some cases we are above. Some cases we're below, but the gap closed a little bit because we held our rates probably a little bit more than other and that's not surprising, because our occupancy is at a better level.
Swaroop Yalla: Got it, so the local operators are sort of flat for the year you are saying?
Karl Haas: Yes. They really haven't adjusted their rates much at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Knott. Please proceed.
Michael Knott: Spencer, just wanted to ask you, is this as good as it gets, and what else can you guys do to keep this going, both on the internal growth side and on the external growth side as we all look into 2013?
Karl Haas: We are certainly not complaining as a management team. Looking at the overall economy and reading the bad news and then looking at what we're able to do in the storage sector. I am not going to say that it's as good as it gets, but it certainly is a very pleasant time to be in this sector and associated with the great team here at Extra Space, it's a very enjoyable time for me personally. The things that I think will continue to propel our performance, Michael, are, number one is we have a unique structure and we are not reliant upon just one or two things to help drive our growth. In previous conference calls, I have talked about five levers of growth, which are significant and I think it's might be worth repeating that we believe Extra Space has a unique position. The five drivers of growth that I think continue to propel performance are, number our poor property performance, which has been enhanced by superb execution at the site-level, which has all been enhanced with very strong technology base to give us the tools to produce what I would consider better than peer performance. I am very pleased that our development pipeline continues to mature and the lease-up assets through 2014 will add value and meaningful cents per share to the FFO. We have got our off market, and open market acquisitions. I think as you have seen nearing $500 million in acquisitions that have been transacted or announced so far this year says that we are doing a decent job of working with our partners and also being competitive in the open marketplace. Our tenant insurance program continues to provide meaningful FFO growth for this company, because every time we acquire a new property or push the lease-up of an asset or bring a new third-party management asset into the pool, we get meaningful new customers, thousands at a time typically in a quarter. The last area where we have done well is the third-party business continues to grow. We are focusing certainly on those areas, where we have got an operational overlay on the footprint and we think that that those hopefully will become acquisition opportunities. Those are the five key levers. Let me add a sixth. There was virtually no new supply coming into the market and that bodes well for the existing operators. The question is, with no new supply who captures a disproportionate share of what's available out there and that's where the power of the internet and the sophistication of our systems and the other national players comes into play. I said it before that we have 42 dedicated resources internally and externally working on the internet to drive traffic and capture the disproportionate share and the internet which was supposed to be the great equalizer for all sort of operators has become the great divider and I am pleased to report that our internet strategy is not only robust, it's producing the results that we have invested heavily to capture. So, I gave you the five traditional answers, Michael and reemphasize that no new supply and the power of the internet have made the playing field less in level.
Michael Knott: Thanks for that. I appreciate that. Then my second question would just be your capital structure and financing strategy as it relates to continued external growth. How do you think about your cost of capital with how successful your stock has been trading and how you might use that to continue your acquisition strategy?
Karl Haas: We are going to let Scott answer that question if I may.
Scott Stubbs: Hey Michael, it's Scott. With the stock price trading where it is and looking at acquisitions and growing there, it's obviously a consideration. You have interest rates at all time lows, but at the same time I think it's important not to ignore the long-term cost of capital. So while we have become slightly more aggressive on our cap rates and what we are buying right now it's not significantly more aggressive. We continue to finance things and buy things on largely a leverage-neutral basis.
Michael Knott: How do you guys think about balance sheet longer term? Just remind everyone.
Scott Stubbs: From a balance sheet perspective, we look at things as far as being leveraged in the probably where we are today depending on where your stock trades and what your net asset value is, you are kind of 30% to 45% range.
Michael Knott: Your leverage target is 30% to 45%. Is that what you are saying?
Scott Stubbs: It really varies depending on the markets. Right now, I think that interest rates are very attractive. We are going to do things on a secured basis, and not necessarily lever up, but we are not looking to de-lever right now, so I think it really depends on your net asset value and your net asset value is going to vary somewhat depending on what cap rates are, so that's why our range is as large as it is.
Michael Knott: Okay, just last question. Why not finance more of your growth as you go forward with more equity as opposed to leverage-neutral?
Scott Stubbs: It's something we are always looking at, Michael. We would look at issuing equity; we would look at, if we had somewhere to put that money.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Toti with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed.
David Toti: Spencer, I think you touched on this a little bit, but can you just maybe walk us through what changed so dramatically in the last couple of months? Number one, to push performance to where it was relative to your original expectations and generally, what has been taking place that's kind of bright your view so much. It is a pretty significant move from the last time we had an update from the team.
Spencer Kirk: I think, David, the answer I would give you is, we are really focused on the fundamentals. So, we talk about enhancing property performance and it begins with making sure that we do everything possible to get the right price with the right discount to the right customer at the right time, and I think we are becoming better at that. I also acknowledged that we are only at the leading edge of that. We have done a better job on our tenant insurance penetration rates. We have done a better job of controlling our utilities expenses and reaping the benefit of the sewer investment we have made. It is incrementally, David, in my opinion, an amalgamation of a lot of the efforts and investments that we previously have made where we are starting to see the benefit and I fully acknowledge that we have had a really good strong rebound coming out of the recession. Our performance, quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year have been a very positive and pleasant surprise for us. But I dont delude myself nor does this management team delude itself into thinking that all is well. There are considerable significant negative exogenous forces in the world that could cause disruption and we want to provide the very best guidance recognizing that this team is executing exceptionally well but the operating environment of the overall economy to which the overall health of this business is tied remains less than certain. We want to strike that fine balance between recognizing that we are executing well but also knowing that the economy is hardly on the road to recovery or in a position to provide a boost and with no new supply and the technological investments that we make, we are very pleased with the results. Our job, as a management, is not to think that it is a give me. Each and every quarter we are working as hard as we possibly can, recognizing that there is no free lunch and we need to earn our keep every day.
David Toti: I appreciate that. I appreciate the color. Do you think anything strange on the consumer side? Has there been a loosening of the purse springs? Have you just sort of figured out the psychology a little bit more? Has activity in the housing market perhaps contributed? In other words, has the backdrop of the demand part of the equation improved to map on to your internal efforts?
Spencer Kirk: I think it's all of the above, David. I visit a fair number of sites. I am in the field quite a lot, actually and as I talk to our site managers, I think there has been a loosening of the purse strings. There doesnt seem to be the gross negative over hang up, two and three ago. The people are not overly optimistic about the future. The good news in all of this is storage is a need based product and those life changing events continue to happen in a tepid economy and our job as a management team has just been simply to say, what, people will be on the move. They will be in transition. Life changing events will take place. How can we best maximize the value of each and every customer and how can we target and capture more than our fair share of those people that are going out to the market place. And I will say it again; the internet was thought to be the great equalizer. It is the great divider and our investment in the internet is paying out a very rich dividend and we will continue to invest in, not only the standard, traditional, paid and organic searches but the social media and some of the other evolutions that are coming upon us in the interactive marketing world are things that we continue to invest in, monitor and will be prepared when the time comes. So these are the things, I think, will help the performance in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine McElroy with USB. Please proceed.
Christine McElroy: Just wanted to follow up on Michael's question regarding leverage. Your operating today at some of the lower leverage levels since going public but your target range extends pretty well beyond that. Are you effectively in low cost of capital world, preparing your balance sheet for the potential of an accelerated level of acquisitions or external growth over the next few years?
Spencer Kirk: I dont know that we are necessarily preparing it for that. I think that we are always prepared to acquire things. We always want to be at a level that serves our shareholders well, if you think about our balance sheet strategy over the past several years, I think it has served us well in good times and bad. We have naturally de-levered a little bit with the dividend. So we do have the ability to acquire some things right now. So if we have opportunities we will use leverage as necessary.
Christine McElroy: Should we expect that going forward? I know you havent given '13 guidance yet but should we expect a similar level of acquisition?
Spencer Kirk: I think thats hard to expect that. I think we generally put a $100 million as kind of our target number and then hopefully exceed that but I think it's hard to expect that, especially with cap rates decreasing,
Christine McElroy: And then, just with regards to your dividend. How close are you now to your expected cash flow income for this year and given your earnings growth, is it possible that you might have to revisit the payout earlier than the usual Q1?
Spencer Kirk: We are generally very close to the tax flow REIT minimum. So it is something that we will keep our eye on and as FFO grows it is something that obviously may or may not need to be adjusted.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from Macquarie. Please proceed.
Ki Bin Kim: If you go back to your comments on breaking out your same store revenue growth, thank you for breaking out the contribution from undeveloped or unstabilized properties, but I was curious to know if all your unstabilized properties in the past, I dont know how many years, four years, are included in that 0.8% breakout? Or is it only the '07, '08 vintage?
Scott Stubbs: It's really a mix, Ki Bin. This is Scott. We added, I believe, 29 properties this year. It's really, probably about 19 of those properties.
Ki Bin Kim: So how far off an advantage developing your standpoint does that go back because I know you guys develop (inaudible) all through the 2000s? So was curious what bucket that is captured in your same store?
Scott Stubbs: It's really the ones that just got added this last year. Our same store definition is the property has to be open for three years or be 80% occupied for one full year, measured January 1. So the oldest the property could really be is three years and 364 days.
Ki Bin Kim: I dont want to beleaguer to a point for the 20% of infra revenue coming from unstabilized assets, is that more than one year's worth of development, or is it one time act?
Scott Stubbs: It does have a little bit more than one year's development but it also has some acquisition that was in lease up also. So it's not just straight development.
Ki Bin Kim: The reason I was asking was because there was development from '05, '06, '07 that are priced still reaching for full occupancy that probably helped that number even further than 0.8%. Is that correct?
Scott Stubbs: Even through the downturn, our properties have continued to lease up. They havent necessarily struggled from an occupancy perspective. It's more on the rate side where we have rates. A few of those properties, obviously, have struggled some. But for the most part, our developments have all leased up fairly well.
Ki Bin Kim: The second question, going back to your comments about the acquisition cap ratio ranging from 6.5 to 8, at what point, I am guessing the 6.5 is for the best stuff out there, but at what point or what level does that 6.5 cap will have to come down to maybe justify any development and would you ever do it, equal, I mean ever is a bad question, but have you come any close to it?
Spencer Kirk: Ki Bin, Its Spencer. I am not going to give you a threshold as to what that needs to come down. We do think that there needs to be a very 250 to 350 basis points spread to do development. To take on the risk of development versus what we can buy in the open market. We think that there needs to be something substantive to make it worthwhile. We exited the development world and currently we have no plans to reenter the development market, and ultimately I would just underpin all of that and say we're going to do what is best for the shareholders, but we have been through unprecedented times and I think our current strategy is providing the highest and best return with the lowest risk profile currently for our shareholders and as the environment evolves, perhaps the strategy will evolve, but I think we've been pretty clear on our direction on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Wolfe with Citi. Please proceed.
Eric Wolfe: I just wanted to follow-up on David's line of question on sort of what's changed relative to your guidance. If you look at the different components of your revenue growth, occupancy renewals, street rates, et cetera, then what specifically has surprised you relative to your guidance that you gave last quarter, and does that change your strategy at all going forward?
Scott Stubbs: Eric, its Scott Stubbs. The guidance we gave last quarter was at a time when we are looking at April was all right, but it wasn't that strong. If you look at the year, we were right on budget at that time or very close to budget. During the second quarter, we have exceeded our budgets and therefore adjusted our estimates for the remainder of the year when it comes to our properties. If you think about, we just exceeded by $0.03, we then adjust our remainder of the year slightly. I think it didn't make sense in the current environment not to increase our guidance.
Eric Wolfe: Right. I know you are very focused on revenue maximization, so you are not so focused on, say, just building occupancy or pushing rate, but if you look at where you sort of ended up this quarter from an occupancy perspective and rate perspective. I mean is there any sort of noticeable difference versus what you had initially conceived or is it pretty much just everything stronger across the board.
Karl Haas: This is Karl. We're pleased with occupancy delta being as high as it is and it was somewhat unexpected, because we have been more aggressive on rates. I think in prior two calls, I have tried to prepare everybody for that occupancy delta to close, and at some point it will, but we're out there with a system doing what it determines is the best store-by-store way to maximize revenue, and it's just played out that while we push rates, we've been able to hold the occupancy as well. From the supplier standpoint the thing that probably helped us the most is that we knew we were pushing rates, but we were very pleased that our occupancy held.
Eric Wolfe: Right. Okay. That's very helpful, and just last question. Looking at your guidance for the remainder of the year, specifically on the revenue growth side, you seemed to be dropping from call it high-6s, 6.7, second quarter to sort of the low 4s. Is it just sort of a conservative take on occupancy that takes you down there that that gap might not hold quite as much, because I'm just trying to figure out what can take you from that high 6s to the low 4s in such a short period of time.
Karl Haas: I think it's a combination of looking at 2011. I mean, when we do our budgets and we come up with our numbers one of the final things I look at is graph that plots what we are doing this year, compared to what we've done in the prior couple of years. A couple of things come into play. Last year, we had an odd phenomena and it's graph side, I had went back like four years, five years, we've never had a year where we didn't have the downturn in the fourth quarter. Last year, it did not downturn. I don't expect that that's a permanent trend, so when you look at the gap and you look at the numbers, we are continuing to go against, we just feel like that's a pretty realistic estimate. Going back, when we look at our performance even so far this year, we've actually hit pretty close to our budgeted numbers. We speak on expenses on expense by a lot more than we have on revenue side as far as our actual budgeted numbers.
Eric Wolfe: Got you. That's very helpful detail. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose with KBW. Please proceed.
Smedes Rose: I just want to ask you on properties that you have acquired that were in lease-up or some of your newer properties that are continuing to lease up, are you seeing the demand come in incrementally faster given that occupancies have held up better than what you thought. Are you sort of seeing that across the board or is it in more mature markets or denser markets?
Karl Haas: This is Karl. It's kind of all over the place, and I think two years ago, we were seeing a much smaller than expected rent-up and that's kind what is impacting these 19 properties. They took longer to rent-up. Normally, in the past it's been a three-year rent-up to four-year rent-up, now it's becoming during this recession, a four to five-year rent-up. All in all, we're pleased with the rent-up of the properties that are in that phase right now, but it varies by market and actually even within the market it varies. We've got a good number of properties in Florida that are in that rent-up group and recently they've done very, very well.
Smedes Rose: Okay. Then I just wanted to ask you on your tenant reinsurance program. It looks like it was running a little better than at least what we had estimated. What sort of customer penetration does that program have at this point?
Karl Haas: We're in the kind of between 65% and 70%, and we're pretty much hitting our target. The speed that we are able to increase the overall penetration has definitely slowed down. We are maturing. What helps is, when we are able to add new properties and especially new third-party managed properties, which come in with very, very low penetration and we can grow those pretty significantly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Thomas with KeyBank Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Todd Thomas: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks. A follow-up question actually on the acquisitions. Outside of the Peru deal just wondering what the average cap rate and where occupancy is for the properties and the nine under contract.
Scott Stubbs: This is Scott. It's been pretty similar. Your cap rates have ranged from 6.5 to 8 and your occupancy for the most part we are buying stabilized assets, and it's the same for the properties under contract.
Todd Thomas: Then, Karl, I think you noted earlier that asking rents were 3% higher versus last year. I was just wondering where asking rents across the portfolio are relative to in line rents, and also do you have the growth in net rent per occupied square foot for the same-store pool year-over-year. In the supplement, you give that number, I see it for the different segments, but there's no year-over-year comp and obviously the pools have changed over the course of the year.
Karl Haas: As far as Q2, 2011, 13.52. Q2, 2012 is, 13.97. As far as the asking rates versus the in-place rates, they are relatively even. I actually haven't looked at it really recently, but that's become kind of a non-issue for us.
Todd Thomas: Okay. Then just lastly do you have occupancy as of today last day of the month.
Karl Haas: Yes. We're little over 90.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of RJ Milligan with Raymond James & Associates. Please proceed.
RJ Milligan: Good afternoon, guys. The updated acquisition guidance, I guess would imply pretty minimal activity for the rest of the year and I was wondering if that's a function of maybe a smaller, sort of short-term pipeline if that's a issue of expected closing dates or that' just sort of being conservative?
Spencer Kirk: It's based on what we have that we are looking currently and what we have under LOI, so right now we don't have a turn in the pipeline.
Karl Haas: Spencer, just one other comment. Realistically by my math, you've got four months left in the year. If you take out the holiday season and all this other stuff, so if it's not under contract, you are under a substantive discussion right now for likelihood that you are going to transact that's material between now and the end of the year is going to become increasingly more difficult, so I think if you look at our guidance for the rest of the year, I think you are going to find it to be pretty accurate, because we are not in any type of dialogues with people that will provide something to us. Now that could change, but right now there's nothing in the pipeline that's going to be a surprise between now and the end of the year that we would be able to highlight.
RJ Milligan: Okay. Thank you. My second question is more for the on the supply side, I'm curious how much do you think rents can go higher before we start to see new supply and is it a purely a mathematical question before we start to see new supplier, or are there other barriers, financing, entitlements, et cetera.
Spencer Kirk: Yes. We would tell you that the main barrier right now not only is the yield, but also financing, which obviously financing is part of the yield. Banks haven't loosened their first string so to speak to the smaller operators. If you think about the development that took place in 2003 to 2007, call it, we were developing more than any of the public companies and we were doing 10 to 15 a year, so we were a very small portion of what was being added, so until the smaller operators were able to get attractive bank loans, we don't see it significantly.
RJ Milligan: If there was access to the financing, how far do you think you could push rents before you started to see the smaller developers come in and start building?
Spencer Kirk: A way to look at this, RJ would be to say, all right if the banks turned on the lending, say, 12 months for now, we've got to get through the entitlement stuff, because some of those [sales], so that's one to two years. A year to construction and then three or five-year to lease up, so when we talked about no new supply, I think we've got a comfortable cushion, but it all depends I think primarily on one banks starts to lend, because that will signal to the smaller guys that it's time to get back in the game. Let me give you a data point to just to underscore what Scott said. I did a quick back of the napkin sketch of developments in 2003, 2004, 2005, 2007, 2006, 2007. 13,011 self-storage facilities were built in the United States by one measure. That's 2,600 a year, and Extra Space is the prolific public company developing was producing 12 to 15. Hardly a drop in the bucket against that backdrop of 2,600 a year on average, so a lot of things can and will change, but the lending environment for the small guy hasn't changed a lot. We'll just have to see how things play out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paula Poskon with Robert Baird. Please proceed.
Paula Poskon: I want to follow-up on the lease-up assets discussion throughout the call and maybe ask this in a different way, so often you all have had a slide in your investor presentations talking about the what the stabilization of those lease-up assets would add to FFO through 2014. Is that still true, or is some of the occupancy gains that we've seen an acceleration of that lease-up stabilization.
Scott Stubbs: It's still about $0.07.
Paula Poskon: Okay. Thank you, Scott. Any thoughts about moving to an unsecured financing strategy?
Scott Stubbs: It's something we'll look at. I mean unsecured obviously an option. We're not looking to go to a completely unsecured financing strategy.
Paula Poskon: That's all I have. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Michael Salinsky: Good afternoon, guys. Scott, first question as we look at the second half of the year, what are you guys expecting in terms of real estate tax appraisals maybe on a year-over-year basis and also looking at financing cost, just curious whether you could you see new secured today? What kind of terms you were hearing from the banks as well as insurance companies and things of that nature.
Scott Stubbs: Our property tax consultants have reduced the number about 4% for year-over-year increase on property taxes. So far it's been running fairly close to that as the assessments come in. As far as new secured financing after the subsequent to the end of the quarter, we did a tranche of seven-year money just under 3.2%.
Michael Salinsky: What was the LTV on that?
Scott Stubbs: About 70%.
Michael Salinsky: Okay. That was 10-year, right?
Scott Stubbs: It's seven-year money, so if you compare that to unsecured, it's quite a bit lower interest rate there.
Michael Salinsky: Okay. Karl, my follow-up question, you talked about renewal and steep rents, what is the delta right now between move-in rents and move-out rents?
Karl Haas: I dont have it right in front of me. We could get it for you, but it's probably move-out rates are probably little bit more than the move-in rates, but bring people in at aggressive rates and then raise the rates, so it doesn't stay. That gap doesn't remain all that long.
Michael Salinsky: If you could provide that offline, I'd really appreciate, but how does that compare right now versus call it a year ago, that delta. How would you see that
Spencer Kirk: It's close because our existing customer rate increases have not changed dramatically, but our rates are starting to climb or street rates are starting to climb, so based on that it has to be close.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Tayo Okusanya: Congrats on an amazing quarter. Quick question. I mean with your overall strategy working so well, I am just kind of curious what are you seeing in regards to higher competition is basically reacting to what you are doing? Not necessarily the public guys, but a lot of the local guys that are in your market that makes up the bulk of the market?
Karl Haas: They really don't react very much. They haven't adjusted the rates. They are afraid to lose occupancy. They aren't as aggressive with existing customer rate increases, because they are afraid of losing occupancy. We have seen our public competitors follow a lot of things that we are doing and every once in a while we follow what they are doing, but the bulk of the sites out there, they are making money, they are not in trouble and they are not unhappy with the results.
Tayo Okusanya: At what point do your prices become so far away from their prices that customers actually start to notice on and focus on that differential when they are thinking of taking a new unit?
Karl Haas: Well, our prices aren't outlined with their prices. Where we make up for it is, we've been able to gain occupancy and our existing customer rate increases for the customers once they are inside, because people don't move until they don't need it anymore, so our price is competitive. The other thing that's a little bit different is, that we have an internet price and we did lead the industry in this. We have two-tiers of pricing. We have internet price and we have a street rate, and so when you walk into the site, those people are less sensitive to the prices and so they are quoted a higher price. If they pushback or they walk out, or if they have checked the internet, they'll get the internet price, which can be as much as 15% lower, so when people are comparing us on the internet, us to our competitors, they see that internet price and that's a very aggressive price and very competitive price.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Macquarie. Please proceed.
Ki Bin Kim -Macquarie: Thanks. Just a couple of quick follow-ups. Going back to just your commentary about the second quarter strength you are seeing and maybe we could use occupancy gains as the measuring stick, and so from 270 basis points gain, if you had to break that up into just overall industry occupancy pickup versus market share gains, how would that look like?
Karl Haas: Ki Bin, this is Karl. I have no idea, but we can get back to you.
Ki Bin Kim -Macquarie: Okay. Just the second question. I know you said development price go far away, especially given financing markets and what not, but if you had to look at the most viable site in your portfolio or where you are located, where would stabilized development yield based on today's market dynamics to be? For the most viable site?
Karl Haas: Manhattan. We don't have any sites in Manhattan, but you could do a site in Manhattan, things would be great.
Spencer Kirk: Yes. It's been a very key just by market just because it depends on what the land is selling for. It depends on what the self-storage densities are like in that market, and then obviously it depends on the yield you are going to get, so it's pretty variable. I mean the only place you'd every really consider obviously is a place with higher barriers to entry.
Karl Haas: Long-term, Northeast is proven to be a very, very good strong long-term market for us, and we know that Chicago has turned out to be pretty good, but probably in a long-term it has been as great as it's been recently.
Ki Bin Kim -Macquarie: Okay. Well, I guess, what I was asking is that are yields just close to where you can buy assets which goes far away or how does that relationship look like?
Spencer Kirk: We haven't looked at it significantly, so it would be difficult to comment on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Knott with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Michael Knott: I guess this one would be for Karl. I think we've had a few variations of this question. I don't think anyone is asking. I don't think anyone has asked this one just yet, but year-over-year change in street rates for maybe the end of 2Q, compared to I guess the end of 2Q '11, and then maybe how that differs from the same year-over-year comparison at 1Q '12 versus 1Q '11.
Scott Stubbs: That's tough. Well, 3.5% at the end of Q2. I think it was 3% at the end of Q1. I don't remember what it was at the end in 2011, but it was probably less than that. It's gone up and down. I wish I could say that I said it, but the system really it evolves based on our system.
Michael Knott: Then I guess with the proliferation of internet rental I guess when we even asked about street rents on these calls. Are you talking now those numbers that you just gave are those literally the street rents and the stores or is that a blend of your asking rents at the store level and on the internet.
Scott Stubbs: One follows the other, say, if there was a gap, but one follows the other. Our internet price is 15% below our street rate. When we say it's 3.5%, both would be up 3.5%.
Michael Knott: Got you. Then just one real quick one. I think you gave a number of occupancy was a little over 90 at the end of July. How does that compare to the end of the July 2011?
Scott Stubbs: It's still up about more than 2.5%. Actually, about 2.7% on our own pool, and 2.9% on the big pool.
Michael Knott: Does your revised guidance consider that maybe that occupancy gap won't close quickly as you thought?
Scott Stubbs: I mean it's a combination of what we can get with rate, we also are getting a little bit more aggressive with rates, and I expect to see that drive down that. I don't think we've taken seasonality out of our business and we will see a drop in our occupancy and the delta should close, because we are at a very high level of occupancy and probably little higher than we expected to be. One scenario it could play. I mean, we're going to push rates and if the occupancy holds, that would certainly help us reach the top end of our guidance and that will be a good thing, but I wouldn't want to go and guarantee that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Toti with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed.
David Toti: Back when I was in the [past] life. I think you may have been asked this, but just I want to just in case I missed it. When was the last time the portfolio was over 90%. Do you think this is a relatively sustainable level at this point?
Scott Stubbs: Never. Well, remembering that it's seasonal and we are not going to be 90% year around, but this is the highest level we've been. I mean, we're up 6%, 7% from three years ago. It's been a pretty good run.
David Toti: Assuming that world mustn't get a whole lot worst, is it conceivable that that portfolio could stabilize above 90% at this point?
Scott Stubbs: Anything is conceivable.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Eric Wolfe with Citi. Please proceed.
Mike Bilerman: Yes. It's Mike Bilerman. I may have missed this. I jumped on a little bit late. On the operating expenses, which you've been able to control pretty well during the year. When you sort of look at, at least, what was the same-strong guidance of 3% to 4% that you had provided originally when you put out 2012 guidance, and obviously that went to 1% to 2.5% last quarter, and it's now down to 0% to 1.5%. What is sort of driving almost 300 basis points of savings on the expenses and just looking at the total portfolio if you are getting the same sort of savings, it's about $3 million, I'm just curious if you can sort of bucket it a little bit in terms of categories for us.
Karl Haas: Well, this is Karl. If you go back to our Q1 call, a big chunk of it was explained there and that was we had it unbelievably mild winter and we had almost no snow removal and that is a big chuck. It's one quarter. It doesn't obviously carryover into the rest of the quarters, but also utilities. To mild winter, our utilities were dramatically down and those were the by far the biggest drivers and the biggest surprise before the year began guidance to what we're ending up with. Those don't repeat, and now what we're getting the benefit from is our investment sustainability, which we are seeing ongoing benefit on the utility expense, but nowhere near the level that we were seeing earlier or in the first quarter and we will continue through about October, getting the benefit of the reduced credit card fees, because that started actually last year in the, I believe October-November, so that will equalize and balance out.
Mike Bilerman: You are seeing that through all the entire portfolio whether it'd be same-store, the core, the unstabilized and also the assets that you manage?
Karl Haas: Yes.
Mike Bilerman: Is the margin on the tenant reinsurance is obviously higher as you keep on driving that. Is that affecting the same-store numbers at all?
Karl Haas: Hope it is slightly.
Scott Stubbs: But it's in our guidance.
Mike Bilerman: When looking at the same-store revenue growth, that bumping up from what was 4 in the quarter to 5, 3, 7, 5 to midpoint. A good chunk of that is tenant reinsurance going up $3 million from the original forecast, correct?
Scott Stubbs: Marginally it's helping, but the majority of it's the property themselves performing better. I mean tenant reinsurance adds, 50 basis points.
Karl Haas: Actually I think it's going down. I think it's 0.3.
Spencer Kirk: We've hit the top of the hour. Ladies and gentlemen, great questions, good dialogue today. We appreciate your interest in Extra Space. We'll look forward to next quarter's call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-01 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2012 Extra Space Storage, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Shawness and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator instructions] I would like to now turn the call over to your host for today, Mr. Clinton Halverson. Please proceed. 
Clinton Halverson: Great. Thank you. Welcome, everyone, to Extra Space Storage's first quarter 2012 conference call. In addition to our press release, we've furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. In addition, the company will also be sharing updates from the earnings call via Twitter. If you'd like to receive these updates, please follow Extra Space at www.twitter.com/extraspaceir.
 Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the company's latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, Tuesday, May 1, 2012. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call.
 I would now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
Spencer Kirk: Thank you, Clint. Hello, everyone. We appreciate you joining with us today. Joining me are Karl Haas, our Chief Operating Officer, and Scott Stubbs, our Chief Financial Officer. We will be brief in our comments, as we know you are eager to get to the Q&A portion of this call.
 It was a really good quarter. Our entire team did an outstanding job of focusing on the fundamentals of our business. We achieved $0.33 per share of FFO, which was at the top end of our estimate and represents a robust 32% increase over last year. Same-store revenue growth was up 6.3%. Expenses were down 1.7% and NOI was up 10.8%.
 These results are impressive given last year's tough comparables, which consisted of 4.2% revenue growth and 5.8% NOI growth. While we are pleased with our performance, I want to set the proper expectation that this quarter's results are not the ongoing run rate for our operational performance. We anticipate a return of the same-store growth rate that is more in line with historical norms.
 After the end of the quarter, we announced an agreement to buy our partner's interest in one of our joint ventures with Prudential for $298 million. We've been partners with Prudential since 1998. This deal represents a significant milestone where we were able to create value for Prudential and for Extra Space. It proves that our unique ownership and management structure provides us with an off-market conduit of acquisition opportunities with reduced transactional risk. This structure is one-of-a-kind in the self-storage industry. This transaction with Prudential underscores the value of relationships that have been nurtured for years. When the time came for Prudential to sell, there was one call and only one call.
 Simultaneously with the Prudential announcement, we successfully executed a secondary offering, raising $227 million. As we have said in the past, when we can enhance shareholder value, we will tap the capital markets.
 With that, let's turn the call over to Karl to discuss operations. 
Karl Haas: Thanks, Spence. 2012 started out where 2001 finished, with another quarter of revenue growth and expense control. Same-store revenue was up 6.3%, expenses were down 1.7%, and NOI was up 10.8%. Our same-store results were aided by the addition of 29 stores that entered the same-store pool in 2012. Our same-store definition, which has been in place since going public in 2004, consists of properties that have been open for more than 3 years as of the beginning of the year or have an average occupancy of over 80% for the prior calendar year. Our new pool of 282 properties includes 19 sites that are over 3 years old and are in the final stages of lease-up. As a result, we received almost 100 bps of top line benefit from the change in the same-store pool. By stripping these 19 properties out, our top line revenue growth would have been 5.3%.
 Expenses were down 1.7%, primarily due to low snow removal and utility costs as a result of a mild winter. While we continue to implement processes and invest in systems that create efficiencies, we don't expect our expense rate growth rate to continue at Q1 levels. Expenses will return to a more normal level as we move through the year.
 Our occupancy remains historically high going into the rental season, which is a positive sign for the potential for continued re-growth. Reduction in discounts and promotions also aided Q1 revenue growth and bodes well for the remainder of the year as long as demand and occupancy holds. For the quarter, discounts were down approximately 5% compared to 2011, and we saw an average increase in street rates of over 3.5% compared to last year. Our revenue growth for this quarter was extremely close to what we had budgeted.
 Our occupancy is at historical levels, we're pushing rates, and we feel good about the remainder of the year. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Scott. 
P. Stubbs: Thanks, Karl. Last night, we reported first quarter FFO of $0.33 per share, including $0.01 of lease-up dilution. Our results were at the top end of our guidance, primarily due to lower operating expenses at the properties. During the quarter, we incurred approximately $0.01 of additional interest expense associated with the accelerated write-off of closing costs associated with the prepayment of certain loans. In light of the low interest rate environment, we continue to prepay loans. This is a long-term strategic decision, where we have replaced higher interest rates with lower interest rates. The additional interest expense that we are incurring in the short term to refinance these loans we more than offset in the long term, as we reap the benefit of lower interest rates.
 During the quarter we closed on 2 acquisitions located in Maryland and Texas, for approximately $16 million. In addition, we opened our final development project in Northern California. All 3 of these properties are excellent additions to our portfolio.
 Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we entered into an agreement with Prudential to acquire its interest in 1 of our joint ventures for $298 million. The purchase price consists of $160 million in cash and the assumption of an existing loan of $145 million, of which $138 million relates to Prudential's interest.
 The 36 properties are located in 18 states and mirror our overall portfolio quality. Having operated the properties for nearly 7years, we feel comfortable with the purchase price and future performance estimates. We expect to finalize this transaction in July, based on customary closing conditions.
 Including the properties we are purchasing from the Prudential joint venture, we currently have 42 properties under contract, for a total purchase price of approximately $333 million. These properties are scheduled to close throughout the year.
 Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we sold $8 million shares of common stock, at $28.22 per share, for net proceeds of approximately $227 million. We will use the money from this offering to fund the acquisition of Prudential's interest in the joint venture, other acquisitions, to pay down debt, and for other corporate purposes.
 Taking into account the pending acquisitions, the equity offering, and our operational performance to date, we are adjusting our full year 2012 FFO guidance to be between $1.40 and $1.46 per share. We expect to earn between $0.33 and $0.35 cents of FFO in the second quarter. Key assumptions relating to these estimates can be found in our press release.
 With that, I'll turn the time back over to Spencer for some closing remarks. 
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Scott. Just 6 weeks ago I stated that Extra Space had one main theme as we entered 2012: Focus on Fundamentals. We executed well in Q1 and we are in a good position to put up solid results for the rest of the year. I'd now like to turn the time over to Clint to start the Q&A session. 
Clinton Halverson: Thanks, Spence. In order to ensure we have adequate time to address everyone's questions, I would ask that everyone keep your initial questions brief and if possible, limited to 2. If time allows, we will address follow-on questions once everyone has had an opportunity to ask their initial question. With that, we will turn it over to [Shawness] to start our questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first line of questioning comes from Swaroop Yallah of Morgan Stanley. 
Swaroop Yalla: Karl, this is in regards to the same-store pool change. I noticed that the change in occupancy due to the same-store pool was 170 basis points. You mentioned about 100 basis points, so I wanted to find out what that difference is. Second, in your same-store guidance, I'm just assuming that this 100 basis points rolls through, so if we should be thinking about what level of occupancy gains are anticipated in the guidance. 
Karl Haas: I think you misunderstood me. I was talking about same-store revenue growth, not occupancy growth. Those numbers are built into our numbers for the rest of the year. It wasn't about occupancy. It's our, I think we reported 6.3% revenue growth, and without those properties in the pool it would've been 5.3% revenue growth. 
Swaroop Yalla: Oh, I see. So there was a 170 basis point change in the occupancy, but maybe the rents were offsetting that slightly? 
P. Stubbs: Swaroop, this is Scott. It's a little bit skewed, because if you take the year-end occupancy for the 253 and then go to the quarter-end occupancy for the 282, it causes a bit of an adjustment there. So you are right. The period-over-period, it does look like it changed more than it did. 
Swaroop Yalla: Got it. That's--I can talk to you offline about this. Turning to the acquisition, just wanted to find out a little bit about what sort of acquisition costs are involved in this Prudential JV. You raised guidance for the acquisition costs, as well as volume, so just wanted to find out about the acquisition costs. 
P. Stubbs: This is Scott. The majority of the closing costs associated with the Prudential acquisition primarily relate to transfer taxes, or any type of transfer or mansion taxes which the company will have to pay. We're--closing costs are going to be following tradition, as far as who pays those, but there will be some of those that will be incurred by the company. 
Swaroop Yalla: And sort of, we should be thinking about, in terms of acquisition volume, can you give us some guidance on what is that acquisition costs? 
P. Stubbs: The acquisition costs relating to the Prudential acquisition are going to be, call it $1.5 million and you've got another $1 million relating to the $100 million worth of acquisitions, and that's effectively the $2.5 million to $2.7 million for the year. 
Operator: Your next line of questioning comes from Michael Knott, Green Street Advisors. 
Michael Knott: Just wanted to ask, on that same-store question again, the year-over-year occupancy gap was 340 basis points, which I think looked like a 30 basis point gain from the fourth quarter, again year-over-year. What would that number have been without--with sort of the same pool as the fourth quarter of '11? 
P. Stubbs: Michael, your point is correct in that the occupancy looks like it went up as a result of the change in the same-store pool. We don't have that right here in front of us. 
Karl Haas: But it would probably be more like about 2.5. Something like that. 
Michael Knott: So the year-over-year occupancy gap probably shrunk a little bit, but as you had expected, if the pool had been similar as to. 
Karl Haas: Yes. Yes. We have reached our occupancy goal, as said in the last call, and that gap will continue to close, until probably the middle of the year it will be close to 0, as far as the square foot delta. 
Michael Knott: Right. Okay. Now a question for Spencer and Scott. Sort of a recent development that's different from how it's been in the past is that unsecured debt is now cheaper than secured debt, or so it seems for the most part for real estate. Does that make you more interested in eventually adding that to your financing menu? 
P. Stubbs: Michael, this is Scott. As we've mentioned in the past, all things are on the table. We're looking at all of our options. We're able to get secured debt quite inexpensively right now. Five years are 3.3%, 3.4%, and 8 years going as high as 3.75% to 3.85%, so it's something we're looking at, but it's not really a change in strategy for us. 
Operator: Your next line of questioning comes from Michael Salinsky, RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed. 
Michael Salinsky: Scott, first question for you. You talked about additional refinancing you guys are looking at for 2012 in addition to the charges you recorded in the first quarter. Are the additional charges based upon those refinancings, and how much do you expect to refinance pulling forward there imbedded in your guidance there for 2012? 
P. Stubbs: Just to make sure I understand your question, you're talking about early additional prepayments or just normal refinancings, for instance in regards to the Prudential transaction? 
Michael Salinsky: No, you talked about taking down some of your longer-dated maturities, given the current spread between in-place [ph]  and where you can refinance today, and you said you had a charge in the quarter, so I was asking how much do you plan to pull forward in the terms of refinancings. 
P. Stubbs: In our guidance right now we have about another $800,000 to $1 million that we expect to incur this year of additional interest expenses, so it would be associated with either prepayment penalties or early pay-offs or writing off the loan fees associated with early prepayments. 
Michael Salinsky: Do you have the dollar amount of the loans? 
P. Stubbs: This year we will have paid off around $80 million into July of this year. 
Michael Salinsky: That $80 million is pulled forward, or is that the normal maturities? 
P. Stubbs: No, that's pulled forward. Those are pre-payments. 
Michael Salinsky: Okay, that's helpful. Second of all, Karl, in your prepared remarks, you talked about street rates. I think you quoted 2.5% in a quarter. Can you give us a sense of how those are trending in April, and also as we saw vacates pick up, where is the delta right now between in-place and street rates? 
Karl Haas: It was 3.5%, not 2.5%. If I said 2.5% that's an error. It's about 3.5%, and that's holding in April. We're hoping in that 3% to 4.5% rate area that we'll be able to keep street rates above the prior year. The gap between the street rate and the existing customers is almost nil. Do a graph of it, and the graph lines have merged. 
Michael Salinsky: Okay that's encouraging. Then just a final question, can you talk a little bit in terms of asset pricing and also in terms of deal volume? It seems like the pipeline picked up in addition to the joint venture there. Just curious as to what you're seeing there. 
Spencer Kirk: Michael, it's Spencer. Deal volume--there is a fair amount of activity out there. There's also a lot of interest in self-storage and there is a lot of competition for these assets. And I would say there, of course, is still the uncertainty as to what's going to happen at the end of the year with the tax environment, going forward. But I would say that there's not been a dramatic tick-up for us. We have seen some activity. We stand behind the guidance that we've given and we'll see how the rest of the year transpires. 
Operator: The next line of questioning comes from Eric Wolfe of Citi. 
Eric Wolfe: Just want to follow up on Mike's question there. You only have another about $50 million in guidance in terms of acquisitions. I guess the question is, can you see yourself maybe doing a couple hundred million more this year, because it feels like with your cost of capital right now and everything going so well, it feels like you're going to exceed your acquisition guidance. 
Spencer Kirk: Eric, it's entirely possible, but given where we sit today, I am not aware of any other large transaction that is several hundred million dollars sitting out there. It could be, but $50 million to $100 million--yes, we might do a little better, but I would not expect something in the order of a magnitude of what we've just announced with Prudential, where you're at $300 million. We don't have anything on the radar screen today. 
Eric Wolfe: And for the Prudential acquisition, how would you say the pricing lined up relative to everything else you're seeing in the market? Doing the easy math on it, it looks to be sort of mid-6 implied cap rate. Obviously you're losing the management fee, but I just want to get your sense on why you think that's a good return acquisition relative to your cost of capital? 
P. Stubbs: This is Scott. One of the things we agreed to with Prudential was not to discuss cap rates. So contractually we're not going to get into specifics on that. What we would tell you is that it's not that different than what we've been buying. We continue to find things that are accretive to the shareholders and help increase the FFO. So we felt like it was a good transaction. Clearly it's accretive, especially with the cost of leverage putting debt on it right now. And so I think obviously the numbers are out there; you're able to calculate things. But based on contractual obligations with Prudential, we'd rather not get into specifics. 
Karl Haas: Another piece to that, too, is that with the Prudential acquisition, we already have them signed, they're already imaged as Extra Space stores, and we really have such deep in-depth knowledge of the properties that from a risk standpoint we really have a lot less risk than buying somebody else's property. 
Eric Wolfe: Understood. And a real quick one, did you earn a promote on the fund, just given the 12% hurdle? 
Spencer Kirk: We are actually buying Prudential's joint venture interest, so we will not necessarily be receiving a promote in this deal. We're just buying the partnership interest. 
Operator: Your next line of questioning comes from Todd Thomas, KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Todd Thomas: I'm on with Jordan Sadler as well. Just a question on occupancy as it pertains to guidance. I think last quarter you had indicated that average occupancy of about 87% was imbedded in guidance for the full year. And average occupancy this quarter was 86.8%. I think historically occupancy has risen about 350 basis points from first quarter to third quarter. That would put you well on track to be above 90%. Are you guiding to a higher occupancy level throughout the year at this point? 
Karl Haas: No. This is Karl. No, we're really still on the same program. However, our revenue management system is really not as directly driven by occupancy. We've rolled into a new version of our revenue management system. The prior system was totally driven by the occupancy number, and so it was very clear-cut. We were going to get to that 87%, that goal occupancy. Our system that we're running right now, while we're still using 87% and that mid-high 80's as our goal occupancy, the system is really also factoring in a whole lot of other things and trying to maximize revenue. So it's possible we might average a little bit higher than that number. But that really isn't something--we've not made a conscious decision to change our occupancy goal. 
Spencer Kirk: Yes, Todd and Jordan, this is Spencer. As you see us progressing through the year, you'll probably notice that the occupancy delta is going to start to come down and approach zero towards the end of the year because, once again, we're not about maximizing occupancy or maximizing price. We're about maximizing revenue. That's the system that Karl has alluded to. It's our third generation revenue management system, and we think that it's delivering the intended result. 
Todd Thomas: Okay. That's helpful. Switching over, a tech question on acquisitions, I'm just curious about your thought process. Given the opportunity to buy some higher quality assets, if the opportunity was to arise, would you be willing to endure near-term dilution? Also, would you be willing to buy high quality assets at a comparable initial yield to where your implied cap rate is today? 
Spencer Kirk: I would just say, that's one that we would have to really take a close look. We've got a nice high quality portfolio. We don't need a transformational transaction to redefine who and what we are. What we do need, is to have accretive deals that enhance shareholder value.
 You talked about near-term dilution. I'd have to understand the fact and circumstance, the operational overlay, and a lot of other things, but clearly this management team has tried to be wise in the acquisitions and make sure that they add value operationally as well as financially. To that end, it's on a case-by-case basis. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your next line of questioning comes from Ki Bin Kim of Macquarie. 
Ki Bin Kim: It looks like this quarter your vacants picked up quite a bit. I was wondering if you could provide a little more color on that. How much of that was almost directly related to sending out rent increase letters that kind of drove customers out? 
Karl Haas: This is Karl. Almost none. We constantly monitor our rate increases. We constantly monitor our rate increases, we call them ECRI, existing customer rate increases. It's not a driver of significant vacancies. Vacancies is something we really have found, and I think anybody else in our industry would tell you the same thing, we really don't have much control over. I think the one thing that is catching up a little bit is that we had lower than normal vacancies last year. This is probably bringing us a little bit closer to a more normal level of vacancies. 
Ki Bin Kim: And second question. It looks like you lost a couple properties in the third party management business. Did I capture that correctly? I was wondering if you would provide a little more detail behind that. 
P. Stubbs: You did. We added 7 and lost 9. Six of the properties were sold by a company out of Australia that was in liquidation that has been divesting of those properties over a 2-year period. 
Operator: Your next line of questioning comes from Eric Wolfe, Citi. 
Michael Bilerman: It's Michael Bilerman speaking, with Eric. I just wanted to come back to buying out Prudential. I think you mentioned that you bought the partnership interest, which is why it didn't trigger the promote, which would have reduced your basis. It would seem that at the pricing that you've contracted at, that if it would have gone to a third party, this would've generated an IRR in the high-teens. And based on you getting 20% of the excess above a 12, this could've resulted, back of the envelope [our math] of $6 million, which would've reduced your purchase price even further. So I'm just trying to understand. Spencer, you said Prudential made one call, and the only call they made was to you. I guess as you sort of evaluated your opportunities in the negotiation, how much time did you spend on saying, 'Well, look, if we took this out to another capital source that would want us to operate it, because we know these assets well and we operate them well, not only would we keep the lucrative management fees and keep our ownership'--and you could've taken the ownership up from 5 to 25 if you wanted--'but we would've generated another $5 to $6 million of capital for our shareholders.' 
Spencer Kirk: Yes, the answer on that Mike is this: this management team is trying to build the rate, and 100% wholly owned I think is going to provide the most juice in FFO and core growth on everything that we're doing. I'd rather own 100% of the assets than own a piece. But our structure is such that we have the flexibility of having 3 types of buckets into which we categorize assets: wholly owned, partially-owned or non-owned. We think that the 2 latter categories provide a nice acquisition pipeline that when the time comes and our partners want to monetize their asset, we're very happy to accommodate them with a wholly owned transaction. I think once again that's going to provide the most juice rather than a one-time gain that would've come through a promote. 
Michael Bilerman: But your promote would've been deducted from your purchase price if you bought it from Prudential. So I'm just curious, why wasn't that part of the transaction? I mean you gave Prudential a very high-teens and maybe even more. 
Spencer Kirk: Let's have Scott walk you through the math on this, Michael. 
P. Stubbs: Effectively it was deducted from the amount that we're paying Prudential. I mean if you just take $298 million and divide it by 95% you'd come up with a purchase price. It's different in the purchase and sale agreement. So you can see clearly there was waterfall, and it is deducted from what we're paying out to Prudential. 
Michael Bilerman: Oh, it is. So you effectively did get the benefit of the promote? 
P. Stubbs: We got the benefit of it, but when we're just buying a part--we paid them less, effectively. 
Michael Bilerman: Right. Well, that's what I wanted to get towards. It almost sounded from your original answer that you gave that up, which I found-- 
P. Stubbs: No. No. We didn't give that up. 
Michael Bilerman: Okay. Was that amount about $5 million or $6 million? 
P. Stubbs: We actually haven't put it out there publicly, but you can get pretty close just by the math of [95.5] and a purchase price in the agreement of $322 million. 
Michael Bilerman: Okay. You still have a multitude of different ventures, obviously, dating back to the Storage USA acquisition. What's Prudentials desire to liquidate further? What prompted this joint venture relative to the other joint ventures? How should we think about the opportunity that's left with these assets, given, Spence, your comment that you would rather wholly own assets? 
Spencer Kirk: What I would say is I'm not going to speak for Prudential. We have several different funds that have invested in various assets that we have and the joint venture relationship with Prudential. The various funds have different objectives, and depending on what that portfolio manager wants to achieve, given a certain time frame or return hurdle or objective, we expect, just as it has been in the past, there will be opportunistic times for us. If I could just remind everybody, just a few years ago, we significantly increased our stake in the Virginia Retirement System portfolio--the VRS portfolio--because the fund manager wanted to capture some gains. I don't know what the timeline internally is for each of the fund managers in terms of exiting from what we hold in the joint venture relationship. What I can tell you is we have an excellent relationship with Pru. We've nurtured it. We've cultivated it. It goes back to 1998, and I think that as time marches on, this is our core business. We are in storage in perpetuity. Prudential is investing in all sorts of different types of real estate products and classes, and for us, we just expect if we maintain a healthy relationship, when they make the decision, we'll get the call, and we'll hopefully be able to transact in a fashion that adds value for our shareholders and is beneficial for the Prudential investors as well. 
Operator: Your next line of questioning comes from Smedes Rose, KBW. 
Smedes Rose: Most are actually answered [ph], but I was wondering if you could just comment in general about the acquisition environment and what sort of cap rates you're seeing, and if there has been any substantial movement generally over the past year or over the past several months? 
P. Stubbs: This is Scott, Smedes. We have seen pricing tick down a little bit. I think that you've got a lot of buyers out there, a lot of people chasing the yields. Things are at what used to trade at an 8 cap is now 6.5 to 7.5, and so over the last year, year and a half you've definitely seen things tick down as far as cap rates. 
Smedes Rose: And when banks are underwriting loans, are they still using kind of a 7 cap rate or have they also moved that down? I think in the past you said they used around a 7. 
P. Stubbs: They're usually using actually a higher cap rate than a 7 and its all going to be adjusted in the loan devalue. If they used a lower cap rate they might not be as aggressive in the loan devalue. 
Operator: Your next line of questioning comes from Ross Nussbaum, UBS. 
Ross Nussbaum: Here with Christy. When you track reasons that your tenants are moving out, are you noticing any changes in trends in that behavior over the last couple of months? 
Karl Haas: This is Karl. No. 
Ross Nussbaum: Nothing at all? There's no uptick at all in the rent is too high or increases in move-outs because somebody was renting and now they're buying a home? Nothing? 
Karl Haas: No, we really have not seen any kind of change, and we do survey people. 
Ross Nussbaum: I would imagine that you guys have been pleasantly surprised by the revenue growth that's been produced, maybe not just by the company, but by the industry over the last year. As you look forward, it seems to me that the revenue growth that's been generated has been generated in a pretty lousy economy. As we go forward, a part of me starts sitting here saying, 'I wonder what the demand is going to look like when you actually get people moving around to buy homes again.' How much of an uplift do you think that's going to cause in industry demand for self storage, if and when that picks up? 
Spencer Kirk: Ross, it's Spencer. Obviously we've been pleased. One of the theses that's been put out is that the larger operators, i.e. the public companies with their platforms and footprint, have been able to take market share from the smaller operators. I firmly believe that that's the case and why the public companies have produced better results than the industry as a whole has been reporting. We like storage for a variety of reasons. It does well in good economies and bad economies. One of the things that you talked about is the uptick with an economy that might actually get on some firm footing and actually see some velocity in people's comings and goings, because moving is still the largest segment of drivers for our demand. For us, Ross, I don't know how to quantify it, but what I can say is we are optimistic about the future. We don't want to get ahead of ourselves. The economy is not great, but we do think that with an improving economy there certainly is upside for storage and we're ready to participate to the fullest extent in that. 
Ross Nussbaum: Last question from me. Are you tracking the average household income or average income of your renter and maybe how that compares to where it was maybe 5 or 10 years ago? 
Spencer Kirk: I can't answer with concrete data. What I can say is we still think that within a 3-mile ring, we still think that Extra Space still has the highest median household income and the greatest population density of any of the 4 public companies in the storage sector. 
Operator: Your next line of questioning comes from RJ Milligan, Raymond James. 
R.J. Milligan: Just wondering if you could just walk me through how you could get to the low end or how you could get to the low end of your same-store NOI guidance for this year. What would have to happen on the revenue side or the expense side for you to get that positive 4%? 
P. Stubbs: From the revenue perspective, we've given guidance of 3.5% to 5%. Right now, we're coming in near our budget, and in order to hit the low end, obviously, we'd be falling below our budget. So if you think about this sequentially by quarter, you're at 6% today, and each quarter is going to tick down some in order to hit the 5% range. Things would have to get obviously worse towards the end of the year, but we are coming up against some pretty tough comps, and not knowing where the economy is going, we felt like it was probably better to be prudent in our guidance as far as keeping it where it was from a revenue perspective. 
R.J. Milligan: So from a revenue perspective, would that be more move-outs, or fewer rental rate increases? 
P. Stubbs: In self-storage, one of the things you find is in order to get really strong revenue growth, you need to have pricing power. You need to have the ability to raise your street rates significantly, and right now with our street rates being 3.5% above where they were last year, clearly that's good, and it's a good thing for the company, but they're not 6%, 7% above where they were last year. So we're hitting our budgets and moving forward with this. 
R.J. Milligan: Then on the expense side, what would need to happen for you guys to hit the high end of the expense growth expectation? 
P. Stubbs: Your biggest factor there is going to be property tax reassessments, and right now we've budgeted just over 3% in property taxes. If some of those assessments come in at higher rates than we're anticipating, clearly it's going to affect your expenses to the rate where you come in at the higher end of your expense growth. 
Operator: Your next line of questioning comes from Paula Poskon, Robert W. Baird. 
Paula Poskon: Two guidance line item questions for Scott. The G&A dollars came down. What's driving that? 
P. Stubbs: Mainly, we're running below our budget right now, as far as the timing of some our hires, and then our non-cash compensation has been slightly below where we originally estimated. 
Paula Poskon: And likewise on the weighted average share count, just given the impact of the equity offering and where your weighted average is for the year, implies some further share issuance. Is it safe to assume that would be more on OP units around the remaining acquisition volume? 
P. Stubbs: The only 2 changes that really happened there were 1, obviously the equity offering, and then 2, is with the exchangeable bonds that we just paid off, we ended up giving out more shares in regards to the piece that was in the money than we originally projected. At the end of the year our stock price was lower than where it is today and where those actually converted at. So we ended up having to give more shares in that exchangeable. 
Paula Poskon: That's helpful, Scott. Karl, are you seeing any vestige of new supply anywhere in your markets? 
Karl Haas: Very little. I mean there are properties being built. We run into them. We just had one in New York that I saw, and we've seen bits and pieces here, but nothing really dramatic. Basically, the second year coming out of a recession you would have normally seen a whole lot more supply coming on than we're seeing. But very little. 
Paula Poskon: Do you think that's a function of still constricted construction lending? Or do you think it's a function of developers just don't have the stomach for the risk anymore? 
Karl Haas: I think it's totally bank-related and lending-related. I think that occupancies are up and rates are recovering. And I think people still view our business as a very attractive business. But lucky for us and lucky for me, they just can't get loans. 
Paula Poskon: What do you think the opportunity set is in your existing portfolio for expansion opportunities? 
Karl Haas: Nothing dramatic. We've got 5 properties that we're currently working on that we've got some land that we can do expansions on. We're working on them, and most of them are pretty modest. Our focus right now is more on starting a process, and maybe I'll let Spencer talk about it, of--we've got a lot of properties that are 15 to 20 years old that 15 to 20 years from now may not look that great. 
Spencer Kirk: Paula, it's Spencer. What Karl's referring to is an internal initiative that we're just embarking on to make sure that our product remains relevant in the market in which we're doing business. We might have an asset today that's in good repair, good condition, well-located, but it's 30 years of age. And 15 years from now it's going to be a pretty old asset, and you can only continue to improve the physical asset of something for so long before it becomes obsolete. Then you have to say, 'How do we keep this product relevant in a market that obviously over the next 15 years will see some new competition come in?' That's what Karl's talking about. We've got some projects we've looked at. We've got a much more expansive and comprehensive program to look at what makes economic sense. The challenge in self-storage is, you've got a nice [cut] cash-flowing asset that's 88% occupied, and you decide you want to knock down half of it to build a climate-controlled facility, you can't pre-lease the space in the new building. You're going to go through the same protracted lease-up period on the new space as you would have on any new development. Economically, you've got to be wise so you don't make an aesthetic improvement to economic detriment. So we're going to take a close look at it and we're going to see what happens, and if it becomes material, we'll certainly be talking about it, but relevancy of the product in the market is what we're focused on. 
Karl Haas: Paula, now you see why I let Spencer answer those kind of questions. 
Paula Poskon: Spencer, does that imply that we could see a little more recycling of capital in the next couple of years? 
Spencer Kirk: Maybe. Once again, we're not prepared to make any announcement of something that's substantive to that end. We just want to make sure that we're focused on fundamentals in 2012 and producing the best result without neglecting the future. I think this team is doing a great job of the here-and-now and today with an eye on the future. 
Paula Poskon: Fair enough. Just one last question. Any further clarity on Ken Woolley's return? 
Spencer Kirk: Our friend, Ken Woolley, as you know, will be coming back as executive chairman and chief investment officer, and we expect that to take place in Q3. Ken's got a lot of talent and a lot to add, and we look forward to his contribution. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Your next line of questioning comes from Todd Stender, Wells Fargo Securities. 
Todd Stender: Just to get a feel for how new supply might be greeted in the market, if you were to look at your Los Gatos project and really where we are in the cycle, what's your time frame for that property to be at a stabilized occupancy, and how does that compare to what you originally thought when you broke ground in 2010? 
Karl Haas: It's probably around 3 years. Actually, for that property, that's pretty close to what we projected. I will say, though, that a lot of the properties that we opened in 2006, 2007 have taken substantially longer than that. There's been so little new product out there that's come along that I think the rent-up of some of the new stuff, especially of the quality of Los Gatos, are going to show a quicker rent-up. 
Todd Stender: Okay. I think you indicated in your opening remarks discounts were down 5% across the portfolio. Just breaking out some of the MSAs, what are markets that are still towards the high end? Is it still the markets we'd think of, like Phoenix and Las Vegas? 
Karl Haas: When you're saying--high-end in discounting? 
Todd Stender: Yes. 
Karl Haas: Yes, because they're probably some of our lowest occupied. 
Todd Stender: And what types of discounts are you still seeing? If you can quantify some. 
Karl Haas: I mean--as far as percentage of revenue? 
Todd Stender: Yes. 
Karl Haas: It's, overall, around 5%. In those markets it might be probably 6% or 7% to 8%, in some cases. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to now turn the call back over to Spencer for closing remarks. 
Spencer Kirk: We appreciate your interest in Extra Space. Thanks for joining with us, and we'll look forward to next quarter's call. Have a good day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-22 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2011 Extra Space Storage, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Chantelle, and I will be your facilitator for todays call [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.
 I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Mr. Clint Halverson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir. 
Clint Halverson: Thank you, Chantelle. Welcome to Extra Space Storages third-quarter 2011 conference call. In addition to our press release, weve also furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. The company will also be sharing updates from the earnings call via Twitter. If youd like to receive these updates, please follow Extra Space at www.twitter.com/ExtraSpaceIR.
 Please remember that Management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the Companys business.
 These forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in the Companys latest filings with the SEC, which we encourage our listeners to review. Forward-looking statements represent Management's estimates as of today, Wednesday, February 22nd, 2012. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements because of changing market conditions or other circumstances after the date of this conference call.
 Id now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Clint. Welcome and thank you for joining us today. With me are Karl Haas, our Chief Operating Officer, and Scott Stubs, our Chief Financial Officer.
 Let me start by saying that we are very pleased with our performance in 2011. For the year, revenues were up 4.9%, NOI was up 7.6%, and occupancy was up 310 basis points. In December, Scott Stubbs stepped into the CFO role. He is an 11-year veteran of Extra Space, with tenures as our Senior Vice President of Accounting and the Principal Accounting Officer. Scott has been actively involved in our financial architecture and activities before and after going public and the transition has been seamless.
 Many of you have had the opportunity to meet with Scott. For those that have not, I invite you to contact him. For the past year, I have been talking about Extra Spaces five levers of growth. Our performance in 2011 and into the future is directly attributable to these levers. Let me illustrate what these levers actually mean in tangible terms.
 Our core performance resulted in an annual same-store NOI growth of 7.6%. We acquired 55 assets during 2011 for nearly $300 million. Our third-party management platform grew to 185 properties. Our lease-up assets are slated to add an additional $0.10 of FFO by the end of 2014 and we added approximately 35,000 potential customers for our tenant-insurance program in 2011.
 In my 14 years in the storage industry, I have never felt more confident in the future than I do now. We grew our FFO by 32% in 2011. In 2012, at the midpoint of our guidance, we are positioned to have almost 18% growth in our FFO over 2011 and 55% growth over 2010. These results highlight our platform and the performance that its producing yesterday, today and tomorrow.
 With that, lets turn the call over to Karl to discuss operations. 
Karl Haas: Okay. Well, we finished 2011 with a strong quarter. Occupancy continued at historically high levels. At yearend, our same-store properties were 87.8% occupancy. We will see a seasonal increase in occupancy as we head into the rental season. But let me emphasize that our top line growth will primarily come from optimizing rental rates that weve reached our occupancy goal levels.
 Weve seen consistent reductions in discounts and promotions as our occupancies climbed. Now that we are where we want to be with occupancy, discounts will begin to stabilize on a year-over-year basis. For the year, discounts were down over 5% compared to 2010. And for the quarter, they were down 1%. During the quarter, we saw an average increase in street rates of over 4.5% compared to last year.
 All of this combined to produce same-store revenue growth of 5.8% for the quarter. When you factor in another strong quarter of expense control, we generated same-store NOI growth of 9.3%. We continue to see reductions in our utility usage and expense due to our sustainability initiatives. Electronic consumption is down 19% versus 2009 on properties where we have done energy retrofits, and that is excluding solar panels.
 Technological innovations continue to decrease expenses at the site level. In addition, Q4 we had lower snow removal expenses and energy cost at all Northern sites due to the mild winter. Weve been able to reduce advertising expense due to a more efficient online spend and to continued reduction in Yellow Page advertising.
 We are committed to increasing our operating efficiencies. Nothing is considered off limits as we look for areas to optimize our business. A few past examples are electronic leases, energy retrofits and solar. While we continue to search for additional efficiencies and cost reductions, we do not feel we will be able to keep our year-over-year expense growth, as well as we have the last several years.
 And with that, Id like to turn it over to Scott Stubbs. 
P. Stubbs: Last night, we reported fourth quarter FFO of $0.35 per share including $0.01 of lease subdilution. For the year, we reported a $1.20 per share including $0.07 of lease subdilution. This is $0.03 above the high-end of our guidance due to primarily to better-than-expected rental revenues, lower-than-expected property operating expenses, and strong performance by our tenant-insurance program.
 For the first quarter of 2012, we estimate FFO to be between $0.31 and $0.33 per share and to be between $1.37 and $1.45 per share for the year. During the fourth quarter, we recognized a one-time severance charge of approximately $0.02. In addition, our G&A expense included a non-recurring charge relating to litigation matters of approximately $0.02. These charges were offset by a $0.04 true up in managed asset management fee income and equity and earnings, $0.03 relating to prior years and $0.01 related to the current year.
 In 2011, we installed solar panels of 51 properties throughout the country. These enabled us to realize tax savings of approximately $0.06, in addition to the reduced energy cost that we experienced at the properties. We expect to take advantage of these tax credits for the next two to three years.
 During the quarter, we closed on the acquisition of 28 properties for approximately $190 million. Of the 28 properties purchased, 19 came from a portfolio located in Southern California. An additional six flagship properties were added through the purchase of partners 90% interest. For the year, we have purchased a total of 55 properties located in 17 states for nearly $300 million. As always, we continue to look for accretive deals that will strengthen our portfolio and we will continue to focus on being a disciplined buyer.
 Our third-party management program has proven to be a strong acquisition pipeline in 2011. Excluding portfolios, 75% of our acquisitions came through existing management and joint venture relationships. As of the end of the year, we had 185 third-party properties under management. If you include joint venture properties, we have 526 properties under management.
 We are well-positioned to act on acquisition opportunities from these relationships as we move forward. I would now like to turn the call back to Spencer for some closing remarks. 
Spencer Kirk: Thank you, Scott. As I said earlier, we are pleased with the success we have had in 2011 and are optimistic about 2012. Commensurate with our robust growth n earnings, our first quarter dividend is beginning to increase by 43% to $0.20 per share. We have one main theme in 2012, focus on fundamentals. It is the consistent execution on the fundamentals that will continue to propel our growth and our performance. 
 We would now like to spend the remainder of the time addressing your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David Toti of Cantor Fitzgerald. 
David Toti: I dont know if I missed this, but did you guys comment on the change in move-in versus move-out rates in the fourth quarter? Is that sort of just a typical seasonal pattern to see that reverse a bit? 
Karl Haas: This is Karl. Not necessarily seasonal pattern, but I think its more of vacates getting back to more normalized levels. So its not a surprise. And on a macro basis, I think you got to keep in mind in going forward for us in that weve reached our target occupancy levels. And so youre going to probably see our rental delta be a little bit worse because were going for more rate, because were not trying to boost our occupancy.
 So were at three, three something percent above last year on average occupancy. We expect that to continue that gap to close and to get near zero somewhere during 2012. 
David Toti: Okay. And along those lines, the rent growth was quite strong relative to some of the commentary out of your peer group. Is that a strictly a product of pushing more rate because youve reached that target occupancy? And do you think that rate or that sort of rent growth is sustainable going forward? 
Karl Haas: Yes to the first question. It is. In the fourth quarter and throughout 2011, we still had a lot of growth coming from the delta and occupancy and well probably have that in, it looks like, in the first quarter as well, because even though were pushing rates, were probably holding occupancy better than we projected. But it will -- in the second and probably third and fourth quarter, it will be more from rate. 
David Toti: Okay. And then my final question, Spencer, any change on your thoughts on development? I know you guys made it very vocal about not thinking about it at this point in the cycle like giving some firming in pricing and increasing absorption. Are you guys talking internally about that any differently? 
Spencer Kirk: No. One word, no. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paula Poskon of Robert W. Baird. 
Paula Poskon: Housekeeping question, how much of management franchisees are embedded into your guidance? 
P. Stubbs: When you say how much of the management fees, youre talking about the one-time charge that we experienced in the fourth quarter or just going forward? 
Paula Poskon: No, just going forward. Like what would be -- perhaps a different way of asking it is, what would be the quarterly run rate that youre looking at. 
P. Stubbs: Were estimating them to be $25 million to $27 million for the year next year. So, basically, were hoping to continue to grow them. But the majority of the growth is coming from the property rental revenue times the management fee. 
Paula Poskon: And, Karl, could you provide some color on what trends youre seeing in call volumes at the call center? Youre usually higher or lower over the winter. 
Karl Haas: Not unusually, but theyre higher than same time last year, not dramatically, though. 
Paula Poskon: And are you seeing increasing interest in the third-party services from independent owners? 
Spencer Kirk: I would say there is an awakening. Its gradual at best, but I think that there is an awareness that is building that the larger operators, i.e. the public companies, definitely have an advantage when it comes to scale and sophistication. I think the public REITs have demonstrated that not only is the revenue growth and NOI growth better than the smaller operators, but the occupancy is better than the smaller players.
 And so, for us, were saying its going to be a gradual evolution, not a revolution in terms of awareness of what the sophistication and the power of revenue management, Internet, call center and other things, can provide an operator. And we are seeing some volume, yes. 
Paula Poskon: And just to kind of dig a little deeper into the third-party strategy. What do you say to those folks who say its a lot of brain damage and why would you go about improving asset performance of an asset that essentially youre ultimately raising the price that youd have to pay for it when you want to own it anyway? 
Spencer Kirk: Excellent question, Paula. The answer for us is this. Weve said that the third-party management business becomes a quasi proprietary acquisition pipeline. We still believe thats true. When it comes time for that owner to sell, of course weve improved the performance and probably raised the price to which the owner is going to give us the first call, because we already have an existing relationship.
 And we believe that the call will not go beyond that in many cases. Last year, 75% of our non-portfolio acquisitions came because of our relationships with our partners. And it was really one call to extra space and nobody else in it. And the answer is this, if we give the owner a fair price, two things come to our benefit. Number one, because we have perfect operational knowledge of that asset, our acquisition risk approaches zero.
 We have all the information we need and we dont need to build in a contingency. And secondly, were not paying brokers fees and at the end of the day, we can have something that no one else gets. We dont pay brokers fees, we dont take acquisition risk, and everybody comes away a winner. And that to me is the best of all situations for us, a mutually beneficial transaction. 
Karl Haas: Paula, this is Karl. Id like to add something that I just heard from somebody in our acquisition or third-party management group just this morning. And that is, in almost every case, we try to acquire the properties first and then they tell us no, were not interested in selling. And then the next part of the discussion is about management.
 And thats not the case in the big portfolios [indiscernible] and things like that. But on the more local operators, that is the case. Theyre just not willing to sell at where they are. So its not like were making -- were taking and go, All right, we dont want to buy it. We just want to manage it. Were never given the option. They dont want to sell yet. 
Paula Poskon: Okay. And then if you think about the $100 million in acquisition volume thats in your guidance this year, do you expect sort of a repeat split of where thats being sourced from? Or do you see the marketed opportunity thats improving? 
P. Stubbs: We continue to underwrite a lot of deals. We continue to underwrite things that are in-house as well as outside. And I would tell you that right now we have just under $50 million under contract or under letter of intent of which its pretty evenly split that we hope to close by the middle of the year. 
Paula Poskon: Thanks, Scott. And since this is your first time officially on the call with us in your new role, would you share a little bit of your philosophy about managing the balance sheet particularly if you look out over the next few years. 
P. Stubbs: Yes. I dont think youre going to see major changes. I think if anything is probably on the margins, I think that weve had a lot of input here. Whether its Spencer or Karl or myself, I think that we all believe in the philosophy that were using where we utilize some unsecured debt, whether its exchangeable debt or trust preferred, secured debt, and then looking at raising equity as we have a place to put that money.
 So I think that its going to be largely the same. I think right now its -- weve been able to delever as a result of keeping our dividend low and the natural growth within the company. 
Paula Poskon: And then just one final question for you, Spencer. Can you just give a little bit more color on the reason for Karls retention bonus, particularly in light of having his employment agreement expire last August and the commentary around that? 
Spencer Kirk: Yes. Actually, lets bifurcate that. Karl is doing an outstanding job for this company and our results speak volumes about what Karl and his leadership and the operations team are able to produce. I think the best thing to do, however, is have Karl talk about his perspective on the retention agreement and put it in proper context. 
Karl Haas: Yes. My roots are in the East Coast and, yes, I never intended my move to Salt Lake City to be a permanent one. I still have a lot of passion for what Im doing and my company provided me a generous incentive for me to stay another two years. And as with all the members of our executive team, Im actively working on my succession plan, identifying and developing a core team of individuals that will be ready to step in to my position then or whenever I retire. 
Paula Poskon: Fair enough. And Im sure there was some incentive around Dunkin Donuts, too. Wasnt there, Karl? 
Karl Haas: Well, they havent come to Salt Lake City. So thats the same thing in two years. We are going to make the decision even easier. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Wolfe of Citi. 
Eric Wolfe: I just wanted to follow up on Paulas question and kind of better understand the process you actually go through when you pull a property into your third-party management platform. How do you integrate that property and how much does it cost? And I guess how do you look at the return on that investment, putting aside maybe the acquisition opportunities down the road? 
Karl Haas: Well, the cost depends. If were adding one property where were already -- in a city where we already have 12, we almost have no incremental cost. If we go in to a market where -- and weve had some of these just where we have no presence but were adding a good number of properties, and that happened in Southern California, it will result in a fairly significant increase in cost, because well have to add DMs to accommodate it.
 And then back here in our store support center, we also -- and it kind of works the same way. It depends. If you add one property, it doesnt have much impact. If you add 20, well, were going to add a property accountant and maybe some other resources. So it really depends on how they come in and what the impact is. And we look at -- the real direct cost is somewhere between the 3% and 6%. Where our profit comes from is tenant insurance over the long-term. 
Eric Wolfe: And Im just curious. In terms of the acquisition pipeline that youre building to your third-party management platform, Im just wondering how many of those assets that you -- I know you always get the first look at it. But how many of the ones that youve been third management managing actually end up in other peoples hands besides Extra Space? 
P. Stubbs: Weve lost a few. I mean, nothing significant, but generally its a pricing issue where we cant get to the number where the seller wants to be. 
Spencer Kirk: But its single digits, Eric. It is a handful. 
Eric Wolfe: And then just one last question, switching topics. Looking at the strong occupancy growth you had in the second half of the year of 2011, I would expect that the comps get much more difficult as the year progresses. So in terms of thinking about how we should expect revenue growth to trend through the year, should we sort of expect it to start around kind of 5 percentage and then sort of trend down to 3%? Just wondering how you think its going to look through the year. 
Karl Haas: This is Karl. No. Well, I think it will probably be pretty flat throughout the whole year. At least thats the way weve performed at it. 
Eric Wolfe: Okay. So flat, just a little bit above 4% through the whole year. 
Karl Haas: Yes. We really dont have -- were not projecting any kind of tremendous spikes. It will go down a little bit. Well start a little bit stronger in the beginning of the year and trend down. But it wont be -- its not really dramatic. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky of RBC Capital Markets. 
Michael Salinsky: You guys talked a little about acquisitions. Can you talk a little bit about what youre seeing in terms of pricing and the amount of product on the market? And also, just as we think about acquisitions, a reason probably similar to last year where you had enough free cash flow to cover the acquisitions. How would you think about funding if there was upside to that number? 
P. Stubbs: Mike, this is Scott. Right now, we continue to see a steady deal flow. I think pricing has gotten a little bit more expensive. We continue to underwrite things around to 7%. We want to be an aggressive buyer, but we also dont want to get crazy on what we buy and make sure that were a disciplined buy.
 As far as the $100 million that we projected in our guidance, we feel like we can obviously finance that with cash generated internally. If we did a larger acquisition than that, then obviously I think that wed have to take a look at our options at that point. But again, we dont want to raise equity if we dont have anywhere to put it. 
Michael Salinsky: Second question, just to go back to, actually, put Karl to work here. In terms of the guidance for 2012, can you kind of walk us through whats your -- how much of the growth comes from discount burn off and whats your expectations are for both renewal and street rate growth kind of embedded in there. 
Karl Haas: Were not anticipating a lot more benefit from either discounts or decreasing bad debt. Weve milked that pretty dramatically in the last two or three years. And were not anticipating a lot from occupancy, although well probably in the early part of the year get more and the latter part, get less from occupancy delta. And were projecting around -- somewhere between a 3% and a 5% increase in street rates, coming in street rates.
 A big contributor continues to be our existing -- we call it ECRI, existing customer rate increase. And well continue to do that as aggressively as we have and that will be in the 7% to 9% range. 
Michael Salinsky: Okay. And the in-place discounts currently? 
Karl Haas: In the range of 5%. 
Michael Salinsky: Okay. So you expect that to moderate throughout the year. 
Karl Haas: I expect that percentage to stay about the same as a percentage of revenue. 
Michael Salinsky: As a percentage of revenue, but you expect to tailor down discounts throughout the year, or thats not the case? 
Karl Haas: No, we dont see discounts dramatically decreasing. 
Michael Salinsky: And then final question is that, as you look at the capital market strategy here, and you said mainly looking at both unsecured and secured options, is there any bias towards either one in particular at this point given where pricing is today? 
P. Stubbs: Right now, the pricing that were finding is best in the secured market with local banks rather than conduit loans and CMBS market. So, obviously, thats an emphasis right now or our focus right now as far as where were finding money. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Swaroop Yalla of Morgan Stanley. 
Swaroop Yalla: Just looking at your expense growth guidance of 3% to 4%, there seems a significant jump from this years, its almost flat, expenses. What are the specific drivers of that? And then, where do you see some of the savings from some of the initiatives you mentioned earlier coming through and bring it at the lower end of guidance? 
Karl Haas: Our 2 major expense categories are payroll and taxes. And we have budgeted and expect to see payroll to increase somewhere in the range of around 3.5% to 4%. And that is one of the  someone says a third of our overall expenses. Taxes, Scott, if you want to talk a little bit more about taxes. Youre probably better versed in it. 
P. Stubbs: Property taxes, weve estimated kind of in the 3% to 5% depending on the municipality. What we found is that in the past few years, taxes have grown slower than that, but I think at some point, youre going to see an adjustment where municipalities are going to need to raise their taxes. So thats the level that weve used to estimate based on our property tax consultant. 
Karl Haas: And we do expect our utilities to be moderated, but other expense categories are going to be hard to keep, especially as I already said the payroll and taxes. And we have an opportunity in the first quarter because of the utilities and snow removal. We anticipated a normal year and so far, weve had a fairly abnormal year. But we have March to go.
 So well see where that goes. But I think we have a chance in the first quarter to have a little bit better performance on expenses just because of the mild winter. 
Swaroop Yalla: Great. And then just turning to renewals. I mean, can you tell us how they trended in 4Q and what are you seeing -- what are you sending out right now in terms of renewal increases? 
Karl Haas: Every quarter is basically the same. 
Spencer Kirk: Yes. This is Spencer, Swaroop. Our existing customer rate increases, its about 35,000 per month and theyre in that 7% to 9% range, and that has not changed at all during the course of 2011 or even into the start of 2012. Its a program that weve tested, weve proven it, and it continues to be in full force and effect. 
Swaroop Yalla: Got it. So its more stable then. 
Spencer Kirk: Very stable. 
Swaroop Yalla: And then, lastly, I mean I might have missed this, but sort of debt market activity is contemplated in the guidance? Specifically, I was talking about the line of credit which matures in October of this year. Are you planning to term out that debt or sort of renew that line of credit? 
P. Stubbs: Were planning on looking at lines of credit. Its a secured line of credit right now. So, obviously, if you replace it with another secured line of credit, it doesnt necessarily affect that number of properties that are used in that line or anything of the sort. But were planning on obviously paying that back in October. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of RJ Milligan of Raymond James. 
R.J. Milligan: Just a follow up on Davids question earlier in the call in terms of new supply. I know you guys arent thinking about developing, but just wondering if the outlook for new supply over the next couple of years has shifted since, I guess, the last conference call when we spoke about it. 
Spencer Kirk: RJ, this is Spencer. I have a chance to travel around quite a bit and I talk with a lot of people inside the industry, and I dont know what the numbers are, but to the best of our ability to make a guesstimate of what the development activity in the country is, its dozens of properties. I did a look back on 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007. There were more than 13,000 new self-storage facilities added to the US footprint in that five-year period.
 And to the best of my knowledge, I freely acknowledge that its an imperfect perspective and vantage point. But were taking dozens of properties, not hundreds, not thousands in development coming up out of ground. And I think that bodes really well for the entire industry and for any current operator of self-storage. 
R.J. Milligan: In those dozens of developments, is there any specific trend youre seeing in terms of a market that they might be going up in or secondary markets, or any additional color you can provide? 
Spencer Kirk: Its random. Its smattering. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christie McElroy of UBS. 
Christy McElroy: Just a question for Karl. I just wanted to follow up a little bit in some of the revenue growth questions. If I think about your existing customer rents were up 7% to 9% this year, your street rents are up 4% to 5% year-over-year, your discounts are down 5%. If I look at page 16 of the sub and if I look at the realized rent per occupied square foot for the same-store pool, it looks like that was up about 1.4%.
 So you saw 1.4% growth in rents, realized rents over last year. Am I thinking about that in the right way? And it seems like that given that, that the strong existing customer rents and street rents, that number wouldve been a little bit higher. Is there any sort of offsetting factor there that Im missing, whether its negative impact from churn or anything like that? 
P. Stubbs: Christie, one thing to note. I would tell you our street rates were 4.5% above at the end of the year. But early in the year, they were lower than maybe the competition as we gained occupancy. 
Karl Haas: And this is Karl. And we continued through most of 2011 working the occupancy gain in delta more so than anything else. And, really, it was in the fourth quarter that we started to reach our plateau. I mean it was part of our plan. It started in 2010 and it took a long while to get to the occupancy goal that we had. And so, I think thats going to switch some. But were pretty comfortable with what were projecting based on the components. 
Christy McElroy: Okay. So, if I think about your expectation for about 3.5% to 5% same-store revenue growth for this year and youre close to full occupancy, the bulk of that is going to come from in-place rent growth. Given those different components and those trends continuing, that number should be higher next year, that growth rate? 
Karl Haas: Im not sure what growth rate when you said... 
Christy McElroy: In terms of that in-place realized rent per occupied square foot number. 
Karl Haas: Yes, yes. 
Christy McElroy: That growth rate should be a lot higher next year. 
Karl Haas: Yes. Yes. 
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then just following up on the move outs. It seems like so the delta between the vacates and the move-ins was about 5,800 units this quarter. If I look at the last two years, that number was about 2,000 to 3,000 units. And you talked about kind of coming back to a more normalized level. What was that delta sort of in 06 and 07 when you were closer to that full occupancy level? 
Karl Haas: I dont have that right available. I dont know off the top of my head. Im sure we could get that if you need it. 
Christy McElroy: That would be helpful. And then, are you guys planning on putting any redevelopment capital to work for expansions in the next couple of years? 
Karl Haas: Yes, we are. Were working a plan on some of our -- weve done an internal review and, Spencer, maybe you want to talk about the kind of the long term view related to that. 
Spencer Kirk: The long term view is this. We have assets that are brand new. In fact, this quarter, well finish our last development property in Los Gatos, out in the Bay Area and bring that online into leased up asset. We also have assets that are 35 years of age. We have everything in between.
 And we as a management team have very carefully done an abstract on our properties and said, Ten years from now, what is the state and condition of our portfolio if were not adding new purpose built facilities? And of course, there will be some acquisitions mixed in there.
 So, we have said, we need to look at each asset and look at the markets where theyre located and make a determination as to what the highest and best use for that property is in terms of single-story drive-up, climate-controlled, all the various other attributes that comprise self-storage facility to keep our product relevant in that particular market.
 And this is a multi-year, ongoing program that we want to be sustainable. Its going to be something were not going to be digging in to the details a lot on conference calls. Rather, youll just see a commitment from this company to keep, as I said, just a second ago, our product relevant in the markets in which we are doing business. 
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then just lastly. Im so sorry if youve mentioned this already. But in terms of the equity interest that you purchased from JV partner in the quarter, what was the cap rate on that transaction versus the other assets you bought in Q4? 
P. Stubbs: It was similar. I mean, it was -- again, weve tried to underwrite things around the 7%. So again, a creative acquisition. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas. 
Jordan Sadler: Its Jordan Sadler here with Todd. I just wanted to dig down into the same-store guidance a little bit more. And not to beat the dead horse, but on the occupancy front, you guys have obviously worked to lift the occupancies across the portfolio and had these nice increases. And, obviously, the increases are moderated throughout the year, but if you could sort of maybe quantify it in terms of the average occupancy assumption year-over-year thats imbedded in guidance, so it might be helpful as well. 
Karl Haas: Its approximately 87% on annualized basis. 
Jordan Sadler: Which is flat or is it -- is that on the same-store portfolio? Im looking at page 17. You were 87.6% for the full year. 
Karl Haas: On the same store of what were aiming for is around 87%. 
Jordan Sadler: So, youre saying it could come moderate 60 basis points or so from -- is that a conservative... 
Karl Haas: Im not sure now. I mean, 87% was a goal and kind of what we were shooting for. Yes, it could be that the pool has changed a little bit. 
Jordan Sadler: Okay. Okay. So, by and large, not much uplift embedded in the guidance. 
Karl Haas: Although I will say -- I mean, our strategy is to maximize -- the ultimate, as in everybody elses on that, so that being said. But were all trying to maximize revenues. So, our strategy is to -- well be pushing rates.
 What weve seen -- and its really kind of the positive surprise that happened in the fourth quarter is that, normally, we see more of a down trend. If you graph our numbers, we normally see more of a little bit of a downturn in the fourth quarter. It didnt really happen this year. And so, that was part of the positive surprise that we had. 
Jordan Sadler: How much of that do you think is due to the mild weather versus sort of your changes in the pricing strategy to sort of make that happen? 
Karl Haas: Probably other people may say they can answer that question. Im not sure I can. 
Jordan Sadler: Okay. But youre not sure if a part of that was mild weather driven? Is it purely as the result of your efforts? 
Karl Haas: Were kind of in new terrain here with our occupancy. And so I guess were going to see as we go. It may be a pleasant surprise. We have been very aggressive on rate. As weve talked about over the last couple of years, beginning in 2009, we got very aggressive in rate and occupancy was driving everything. And we achieved kind of big deltas, positive deltas in occupancy.
 And we reached -- our goal was 87%. I think someone just told me that our goal in 2011 or 2012 is 87.1%. So its pretty close to that 87% number, I said. And now weve gotten there, so were going to go for rate. But if the higher rate also results in us being able to hold occupancy or even gain occupancy a little bit, well, that will be icing on the cake. We dont think that will be the case because -- I dont know that anything is indicated that the demand is that strong that were going to be able to get both occupancy and rates. 
Jordan Sadler: In terms of rate, have you started to see any pushback? Youre now obviously starting to be much more aggressive on pushing street rates being up 4.5% in the quarter. Are you seeing any pushback there? 
Karl Haas: No. But as I said, I mean, it will happen naturally because -- and as you saw on the fourth quarter. I mean were not going to get as much increase in rentals as we would have if were cheaper. So its kind of a natural thing. Higher rate is going to result than a little bit less rentals. But I cant say its really push backs. And were really getting to where a rate where we think we probably ought to be anyway. 
Jordan Sadler: Right. No. That makes sense. Last question. Do you guys track a percent of your customers that are new customers to storage still? 
Karl Haas: Yes, we do. 
Jordan Sadler: Where are we at these days? 
Spencer Kirk: Sorry, Jordan. Its Spencer. More than 50% of our customers have never used storage previously. 
Jordan Sadler: Its not moving, right? I mean thats the number youve told us for years. 
Spencer Kirk: That is correct. Yes, the number has not changed. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Knott of Green Street Advisors. 
Michael Knott: Spencer, a question for you. If you guys achieved sort of a top-end of your same-store revenue growth guidance, that will mean that rent growth is historically strong, maybe best or second best year ever. Given that the economy is still kind of weak, why do you think that is? Why do you think storage is so strong right now? Are you seeing more discretionary users come back after 09? Is it the lack of new supply that you talked about earlier?
 And then sort of on a different path, do you worry about increasing gas prices, denting consumer confidence or consumer wallets in light of weak employment? 
Spencer Kirk: Yes, yes, yes. No. The answer is this, Michael. I believe storage is overall closely tied to the economic health of our economy. An area where I have a different opinion than others is I dont subscribe to the discretionary user. I never have, never will. Every customer that comes in our door is a need-based customer. Theres nothing sexy or cool about space, storage space.
 Were not selling iPhone and iPads and iTouches. Its not something people desire to have. But when a life-changing event takes place, people move in. They are need-based. Now, as time burns off, that user transitions from being a need-based customer to a discretionary user. And thats where the vacate takes place. With no new supply coming onboard, of course, that is one of the things that factors in to whats going on.
 There are a lot of exogenous forces out there that could disrupt what were doing. It could cause consumer sentiment to take a hit. But right now, absent that information, weve given our best prognostication as to what we think 2012 is going to be and its a variety of factors that all amalgamate together to drive the result. 
Michael Knott: Scott, I ask the question for maybe you or Spencer, I guess. It sounds like you guys are about half way home on your acquisition guidance for the year. Did I hear that right? 
P. Stubbs: Correct. We currently have about $49 million. Now, some of those will close over the next several months ended -- the end of February right now, we havent closed on anything. So the $100 million is the total for the year assuming that it happens evenly throughout the year. So we need to close $100 million by the end of the year. 
Michael Knott: And do you care to comment on geographic split out or nature of the $49 million? 
P. Stubbs: Its pretty diverse all in the markets where we are. 
Michael Knott: And then, Spencer, can you just speak to your teams decision and leadership dynamics when Ken returns to a day-to-day role later in the year? And just maybe give some color on how investors are to think about you as CEO and he and chairman/CIO role? 
Spencer Kirk: Yes. Id be happy to. Ken and I have known each other for almost three decades. Weve worked well together here at Extra Space for the last 14 years. I took a three-year Sabbatical, remained as the director, came back, and things were pretty seamless. The message that I would deliver, Michael, is this company is way beyond Spencer or Ken. Its about the team. And weve tried to highlight and expose the capacity and capability of our team broadly out in the street and with our customers and with our employees.
 Ken will come back as the chief investment officer, as weve talked about. Hell take over the real estate function. I think thats an area where he has supreme expertise, experience and capability. And hell also take over the board as the executive chairman. Whats interesting for me is we have seven board members, each one of them has a vote, someone has asked to run the board meeting, and kind of manage that function of the oversight that the board provides. And I think youll find Ken and Spencer working very well together as we have done historically.
 And I think the message to the street is weve got a management team in place, Spencer Kirk stays on as the CEO, we welcome back a valuable contributor to the team, and I think youll see continued great things come out of Extra Space. 
Michael Knott: Great. But the buck is going to stop in your office, right? 
Spencer Kirk: That is correct. Im the CEO and I hate to say this, but Im going to say it again. Im the single largest private shareholder. I have a vested interest in making sure that the chain of command and the direction of the company is clearly understood and executed appropriately. 
Michael Knott: Okay, great. Thanks for all that color. I just have one last question. Can you guys comment on how recent transactions are trading relative to your assessment of replacement cost? 
P. Stubbs: I think it depends on the transaction. I mean, some are above, some are below. I think that things have -- cap rates have gone down with low interest rates and a lot of interest in self-storage. 
Michael Knott: Is that a reason why cap rates may not go a whole lot lower though, is because the values could start exceeding replacement cost if theyre kind of on average at replacement cost now, which sounds like kind of what youre saying? 
P. Stubbs: When we factor in replacement cost, its probably not as big of a factor for us. We want to make sure that its a deal that makes sense in our underwriting as far as -- were largely a cap rate buyer. But at the same time, we do look at replacement cost. So its hard to comment on that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Stender of Wells Fargo Securities. 
Todd Stender: Scott, you highlighted the 7% cap rate assumptions. Any real difference in cap rates, youre saying, from California stuff versus Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York? 
P. Stubbs: I think it really depends on where at in California and were in each of those markets. Obviously, downtown LA is different than Victorville. Cap rates are higher the further out you get from the metropolitan areas. 
Todd Stender: Is it fair to say youre interested more in the LA, San Francisco, San Diego markets? 
P. Stubbs: Absolutely. Well, not just in those markets, but were more interested in those markets than San Bernardino County. 
Todd Stender: Sure. Just sticking with the market theme, how are you thinking about some of the underperforming markets? I know in the release you highlighted Houston, Las Vegas and San Diego. Are you patient with these markets? Are the fundamentals lagging too far behind? How do you kind of think about those? 
Karl Haas: This is Karl. Seattle is not real. We have a limited number of properties there and the military impacted. And actually, San Diego is kind of the same thing. Then we have two of our major properties there are near Marine bases that really have big ups and downs. Vegas is Vegas and its a sad story. Houston is a market that just kind of has ups and downs. Its a tough market.
 But we believe in the long run. We just bought a property in Houston. And we believe in the long run Houston is a good bet. 
Todd Stender: And then just moving towards your comments in your prepared remarks regarding the solar panels. What was the cost allocated for 2011? And then have you budgeted any for 2012? 
Spencer Kirk: We spent just over $20 million in solar panels and we expect to do the same type of volume in 2012. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose of KBW. 
Smedes Rose: I just wanted to ask. So you bought out one of your partners in order to get full ownership of six properties. Is that a potential source to the acquisitions going forward? Or is that more of, I guess, a one-off exception? I mean, in the past, you havent really seen that as an opportunity to... 
Smedes Rose: This is Spencer. That was a JV partner and that we had six assets that were really a good fit. Its one-time deal for us with that particular partner at this point. 
Smedes Rose: So, for the acquisitions that youve talked about are not buying out any of your JV partners. Theyre all just kind of new. 
Smedes Rose: Thats correct. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim of Macquarie. 
Ki Bin Kim: Just a couple of quick follow-ups. I mean, when I look at your managed portfolio, it seems like the same-store NOI growth was much better than your core portfolio, about 15% year-over-year. And I think Christie was asking that does -- or Paul was asking that does make your eventual purchase price higher because youre doing a good job with those properties.
 Have you thought about restructuring those deals with maybe a promote option in there that will actually help you collect more management fees in the meantime while decreasing the net cost of those assets if you actually decide to buy them? 
Spencer Kirk: The answer, Ki Bin, is we have struck what we think are mutually beneficial business, arrangements with those partners. We dont like to re-trade our partners. Were in this for the long-haul. We think that weve got a program that is sustainable and it works well for the partner and it works well for this company.
 And of course, as time goes on, well re-evaluate what our options might be to maximize revenues. But I dont want to send a signal to any of our partners that were unhappy with the arrangements. Theyre working and theyre working well. 
Ki Bin Kim: I was referring to more new partnerships, not... 
Spencer Kirk: Okay. Yes, we like consistency in what we do and as time marches on, then we see how things are coming together, of course, we dont want to lock ourselves in, but we do have a program and were selling the program and were very consistent in the application of that. 
Karl Haas: Yes. You also have to look at theyre not necessarily same story. They may have been brought in partway through the year, something to the sort. So the growth could be greater, showing is greater or... 
Karl Haas: I think you cant just focus on the percentage growth of those assets compared to your same-store assets. 
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. The last quarter when you guys reported net vacates, it was actually a benefit as it decreased slightly year-over-year. But this quarter, it increased 6%. So, as we heard in your same-store pool or total revenue pool, now given that vacates increases 6% year-over-year while at the same time street rates increased 4.5%, is that at the end of the day a losing formula -- well, not a beneficial formula given that youre losing 6% gaining 4.5% in the other side? Or am I missing -- Im guessing Im missing something in between there. 
Karl Haas: Yes, this is Karl. Yes. I mean, we dont have any control over the vacates and the vacates are -- we benefitted in the prior year with a lower-than-normal vacate level and this year is just getting back to a more normal vacate level. What we have control over is rentals and rates. And thats really where the play is, is on rentals and the rate for rentals.
 I mean, if I had my choice, I know everybody out there, all the guys are focused on rentals and vacates. What we focus on is our square foot occupancy and delta and what rate were bringing people in at. And ultimately, thats where we have much more control and its where we can have much more impact. 
Ki Bin Kim: And last question. Albeit you commented on this. Can you comment on January and February trends that youre seeing in terms of year-over-year revenue growth or occupancy growth? 
Spencer Kirk: Right down the middle of the fairway. 
Ki Bin Kim: Meaning? 
Spencer Kirk: Normal. Yes. Completely normal for the season were in. 
Ki Bin Kim: But from a year-over-year standpoint of referring to? So, your year-over-year occupancy trend, is that... 
Spencer Kirk: Its Spencer. The answer is this. There is no aberrational behavior on rentals or vacates. Everything is seasonally trending exactly how we would expect to in context of the guidance weve already provided. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya of Jefferies & Company. 
Unknown Analyst: Just a couple of quick questions. First one, just in regard to debt maturities next year as I kind of look at the $205 million of debt coming due and the current interest rate on that debt is already pretty attractive. Just curious what youre seeing out there in the market and whether you actually see opportunities to actually refi that debt or paid off, or what the exact terms would be. 
Spencer Kirk: Right now, were seeing rates 3.3% to 3.7% on five to seven-year debt, and thats primarily with banks rather than CMBS or conduits. Were continually looking at our debt to pre-pay debt or weve actually been able to restructure a number of our loans where weve approached the bank and told them we wanted to pay it off. And the bank came back with a much better proposal. So we continue to do that and well continue to do that. 
Unknown Analyst: Okay. So you actually think youre more likely -- if youre going to refi at all, possibly not lower rates than you currently are right now? 
Spencer Kirk: Based on where rates are at today, yes, I think thats a fair assumption. And hopefully they stay low, but again, we dont have any control over that. 
Unknown Analyst: And then just the second question. Is there any extra color you could provide on the litigation expense of $0.02 of the quarter? Its not very often you guys have that unusual charge. 
Spencer Kirk: Tayo, I prefer not to give any more detail on those pending litigation matters until theyre further resolved. 
Unknown Analyst: Could you tell us what the nature of the litigation is? 
Spencer Kirk: Its in the ordinary course of renting units and managing a base of more than 550,000 customers, and then that pool continues to grow. And I wish I could give you more color, but I cant at this point. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Adornato of BMO Capital Markets. 
Paul Adornato: As you kind of maxed out on some of the other levers at your disposal, I was wondering if you could just spend a minute and talk about tenant insurance and how you plan to use that lever going forward? 
Spencer Kirk: Paul, Im not sure that weve maxed out on any of the levers. I think were deploying them advantageously. What I would say on the tenant insurance is every time we open a new development, any time we bring on a third-party customer, and any time we do an acquisition, we add a lot of potential customers. And as I said in my opening remarks, 35,000 new potential customers in a period is really quite remarkable when you think about the power of that.
 We like this business. We like our prospects for growing it, both with wholly-owned and non-owned assets. And I think its far from maxed out. 
Paul Adornato: Okay. And with respect to the insurance, does extra spaces insurance requirements for customers differ significantly? 
Spencer Kirk: No. 
Karl Haas: This is Karl. No. 
P. Stubbs: Relatively comparable to everybody else. 
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Paul. This is Spencer. We are at the top of the hour. We appreciate your time today. Were grateful for your interest in extra space and we look forward to next earnings calls. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-29 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  Clint Halverson - Senior Director, Corporate Communication & Investor Relations Spencer Kirk - Chairman and CEO Kent Christensen - CFO Karl Haas - COO 
Analysts:
Christy McElroy - UBS:
Mark Metendan - Citi: Todd Thompson - KeyBank Capital Markets David Toti - FBR Smedes Rose - KBW Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets Todd Stender - Wells Fargo Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets Mike Bilerman - Citi Ross Nussbaum - UBS 
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Extra Space Storage Third Quarter 2010 Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Clint Halverson. Thank you Mr. Halverson, you may begin.
Clint Halverson: Thank you, Tanya. Welcome to Extra Space Storages third quarter 2010 conference call. In addition to our press release weve also furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements address matters which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those discussed today. Examples of forward-looking statements include those related to Extra Space Storages development and acquisition program, revenues and operating income, including FFO and guidance. We encourage all of our listeners to review a more detailed discussion related to these forward-looking statements contained in the Companys filings with the SEC. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Friday October 29, 2010. Extra Space Storage assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future because of changing market conditions or other circumstances. I would now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer Kirk: Welcome, thank you for joining us today. With me are Kent Christensen, our Chief Financial Officer and Karl Haas, our Chief Operating Officer. We are pleased to announce another strong quarter. We exceeded the top end of our quarterly FFO guidance by $0.01. We experienced strong internal growth at 3.9% same store revenue gain, at 3.1% same store expense decline resulting in a 7.8% same store NOI growth. We had a productive quarter with respect to our external growth strategy. The early signs of improvement on the acquisitions front that we spoke out on our second quarter call has turned out to be. We purchased three property sourced from our third party management platform in the quarter and we have purchased three additional properties since the end of the quarter. Our marketing efforts from the third party management program have provided meaningful acceleration. We added another 21 properties to the platform during the third quarter and one more since the end of the quarter. We opened another state-of-the-art development in Florida and we anticipate completing an additional two to four sites by year end. We will complete the remainder of our development pipeline in 2011. We continue to make improvements to our balance sheet. Since the apex of the credit crisis, our total debt is down 21%. This has increased our financial flexibility. With just two months remaining in 2010, I believe that it is important to assess what we have accomplished year-to-date. We have driven internal growth and our pricing has stabilized. Weve incrementally improved various programs to enhance our operational efficiencies and reduce our cost structure. We have created an infrastructure that has multiple levers to generate earnings growth and we are proud of what we have accomplished. However, we are not satisfied and we will continue to use every effort to optimize our results. Id now like to turn the time over to Karl.
Karl Haas: Thanks Spencer. During the quarter we achieved same store net operating income growth around 7.8% driven by both top line growth and by improving operating efficiencies. Occupancy ended the quarter at 180 basis points compared to last year, 180 basis points above to prior year. With improved occupancy and similar pricing compared to the prior year, combined with decreases in bad debt and discount, we achieved 3.9% same store revenue growth this quarter. While the market is still challenging, we are seeing rentals and vacate comparable to prior years. Weve experienced some softness in the pricing to new customers, but continued to have strong pricing power with existing customers. On the expense front, we benefited from the successful tax appeal in 2010 and improved operational efficiency. Weve continued to aggressively manage all expense categories achieving a 2.6% reduction in controllable expenses. An example of our operational efficiency is in our customer delinquency mailings where through our relatively simple modification we have reduced our expense almost 50%. Through focus on uses in reductions and retrofits, we are also seeing our utility expenses stay under control and expect even to have more savings as we get further into our retrofit programs. We continue to push on all of our operational growth levers, but recognized that there are challenges that will likely make our recovery in a moderate way. We will also maximize all opportunities and expect to produce the possible results. In short we will make the most of what the market offers. With that, I would like to turn it over to Kent.
Kent Christensen: Thanks. Last night we reported FFO per share of $0.24 including $0.03 of development dilution and a $0.02 charge related to the write off of a long term office lease with a subtenant that we assumed in the acquisition of Storage USA in 2005. The impact of these better than expected results along with the sequential improvements in our business has led us to increase our FFO guidance for 2010 to a range of $0.88 to $0.89. This guidance includes the development dilution and the one time office lease charge realized this quarter. The condition of our balance sheet continues to improve and recently we have seen more attractive debt pricing. This quarter we made progress by extending the maturity of our $50 million line of credits of 2013 and eliminating the floor on our Wells Fargo revolving line of credit. Overall, our leverage year-over-year has improved. Our net debt to EBITDA is 6.8 versus 7.8 a year ago and our total debt is down to 1.1 billion from 1.4 billion this time last year. We believe we have a solid foundation for continuing our growth. We continue to grow our third party management business having increased to a total of 157 properties under management. All properties currently under management are branded as Extra Space. This enables us to take full advantage of our national footprint and increase our brand awareness. Our third party management platform continue to demonstrate its value as a way for us to lever our operating platform and provide an acquisition pipeline. During the quarter we closed on three acquisitions totaling 5.4 million outsourced from our third party management platform. In subsequent to the end of the quarter, we closed on an additional three properties for a total of 21.2 million. One of those was from our third party management business. In addition to closing these six acquisitions, we have five additional properties under contract that we expect to close by the end of the year. For the year we estimate that we will purchase 15 properties for approximately 65 million, of which seven have come through our third party management business. With that I will turn the call back to Spencer.
Spencer Kirk: Thank Kent. We have had a strong rebound in our operations. As I have said, it is possible that this rate of growth may not be sustainable. We see our economic recovery as a gradual, moderately positive slope. Successfully navigating through the economic cycle over the last few years, I think speaks well to this stability of self-storage. We are pleased with the strong results over the past quarter and I give full credit to our team. We continue to use our advanced technology, sophisticated revenue, the revenue management tools and our personal selling skills at the site to capture and maximize the value of every sale. In addition to a strong focus on the top line, every one at Extra Space is focused on minimizing every expense. Extra Space has demonstrated resilience in the downturn and we have laid the foundation for continued growth. The acquisitions environment is improving and we are making progress on our third party management business. Going forward, development dilution will diminish and we will being to see a positive impact on FFO. Embedded gains from our development properties are forecasted to be $0.25 over the next three to four years. We do look forward to the opportunities that lie ahead and with that said, lets take some questions.
Operator:
Christy McElroy - UBS: 
Hey, good afternoon everyone. With occupancy gains having been the biggest driver of your revenue growth in the last two quarters or so, and with occupancy closer to more normalized levels at this time, what drives revenue growth from here? Do you still need to drive moving higher as all that pushing around and how do you do that in this economic environment?: 
Karl Haas: 
This is Karl, Christy. The other driver all along has been our existing customer rate increases which we have continued through thick and thin. That certainly has helped to contribute. We will, I mean, what we are hoping for and why we are little bit cautious right now is that we will be able to see the existing or the street rates move in the right direction and its challenging.: 
Were trying to hold occupancy and as a result were being very aggressive on street rates. Were not seeing a lot of growth from the prior year. So, but we also have seen a decrease in discounting because as weve gotten higher occupancy, the way our system works is, certain unit types will lose, kind of fall off the full month discount, some will go to no discount, some will go to half month discount. Were hoping with the higher occupancy well be able to make some gains as a result of lower discounting and also that well see some firming up of street rates.: 
Christy McElroy - UBS: 
When does all that starts to flow through to the net rent per occupied square foot number because you are still sort of running flat year-over-year?: 
Karl Haas: 
When we see more of the stabilization of the street rates and enable to push more. I mean the good news is there is no new competition coming on and we are seeing rentals are holding pretty close to prior years. Now what we are hoping is that we can see rentals start to grow over prior years.: 
Christy McElroy - UBS: 
Okay, and then Im along with Ross Nussbaum, I think he has a couple of questions.: 
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: 
Yeah, hi guys. Can you just quantify where are your street rates today versus expiring?: 
Karl Haas: 
Well, Im not sure I have like where it is to expire. Well, we have more where they are compared to the average existing customer and relatively comparable, where they are to last year is also relatively comparable.: 
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: 
Okay, so you are saying this is basically flat.: 
Karl Haas: 
Yes.: 
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: 
Okay, and then on renewal, whats the percentage increase and how often youre pushing those through?: 
Karl Haas: 
Were pushing them through at about the same level as we have in the past about once every nine months and they are in the range of about 6%.: 
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: 
Okay, and then on the acquisitions that youve done, can you just walk through pricing, how are you approaching it, what are the going in yields in terms of the ones where youve got reasonably full occupancy and what are you underwriting to on the ones where theres some lease up?: 
Kent Christensen: 
Well, this Kent, for the stabilized, for properties that are stabilized were pricing them between 7.5 and 8.5 cap and properties that are leasing up were hoping to achieve that same kind of cap rate within 12 months when we have acquired the properties.: 
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: 
So, youre not seeking a higher yield on those to compensate for the leasing risk.: 
Kent Christensen: 
No, they would be on the higher end of that 7.5 to 8.5 range: 
Operator: 
Our next question comes from Mike Bilerman with Citi. Please proceed with your question.: 
Mark Metendan - Citi: 
Hi, this is Mark Metendan, here is Michael. Just a question on the trends you are seeing in the size of the units that are being leased, looking at the move in, move out trends, you wouldnt predict that the occupancy gains would be to the level that youre able to achieve this quarter. Im wondering if you are seeing something in the size of the units thats driving some of that.: 
Karl Haas: 
This is Karl, nothing really dramatic. If there is anything its a little bit in the direction of smaller units that were seeing little bit higher trend, but nothing really that you would say is significantly impacting the overall.:
Mark Metendan - Citi: On assets that you acquired in the quarter and those post quarter, can you give any metrics around going into yield what up there, of any, some of the thesis behind how these were purchased?
Kent Christensen: The, probably once again that just the previous caller asked the similar question, but 7.5 to 8.5 cap rate and those, most of those properties, Id say 70% of them are stabilized properties and some of the properties are in lease up. On the lease up ones we are expecting to get on the higher end of that range of 7.5 to 8.5
Mark Metendan - Citi: Lastly on the redevelopment, on the development delivery, typically leasing up over 36 months or so, just wanted to understand a little better what the piece of stabilization is that you are seeing today based on real time, lease up trend?
Kent Christensen: We have about 25 properties that are currently leasing up and looking at the numbers based on the pace of lease up, about one half of them are a little behind what we thought and one half of them are a little ahead of what we thought. Overall, and then we have some on the outliers. We have some that are going really slow and then some that are really going really fast. The overall average of all of those properties is right on budget for what we had expected. That being said, our rental rates are somewhere between 10% and 15% below what we had expected them to be when we did the under writing. We said that earlier this year and it has been about the same. We have not had to drop our rates anymore this year to continue the lease up pace that we are seeing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Thompson with KeyBank Capital Markets. Please receive this question.
Todd Thompson - KeyBank Capital Markets: Hi, good afternoon. Im on with Jordan Sadler as well. I just had a quick question back to acquisitions, last quarter you mentioned that there was a small portfolio that was being marketed about 25 properties or so, is that still floating around or are you generally, are you still seeing that? Just additionally, are you generally encouraged by what you are seeing in the market today?
Kent Christensen: The portfolio has been in the process of closing on that 26 property portfolio. We discuss on it and what we can tell you is that there were, what we have been told there were numerous bids and we were not successful in any of the properties that we bid on, but they have not announced yet who the bidder was and what the pricing and all of that is.  I do not know that yet. All I can tell you is it in the five properties that were acquiring between now and the end of the year; its not any of those. I am sorry, Todd, which is the question I already, forgot.
Todd Thompson - KeyBank Capital Markets: Just if you are generally encouraged by the acquisitions opportunities that you are seeing in the market.
Kent Christensen: Yeah, absolutely we are encouraged, there is a lot more activity, but at the same time there are a lot more people that are out there wanting to buy properties and so the competition is increasing. More properties for sale but more competition of people who have cash that are wanting to buy.
Todd Thompson - KeyBank Capital Markets:  Okay, and then just taking a look at the guidance update and some of the revisions, it looks like your forecast for tenant reinsurance income increased by modest amount and then taxes associated with the TRS declined a bit. I guess this is sort of the opposite of what I would have expected to seek news comment on what might be driving those changes?
Kent Christensen: It is just, as we go throughout the calendar year working with our auditors and our accountants on the tax provisions and the other aspects that is going on inside the company, there are other things that drive the taxability and the TRS and there are ways that were trying to find ways of trying to reduce the tax liability that we had. In this quarter we were able to come up with a couple of things and make an arguments to our auditors that should bring our tax down a little bit which offset the increase from the tenant insurance.
Todd Thompson - KeyBank Capital Markets: Okay, and then just lastly, with today being the last day of the month, so I was just wondering if you could give any comments on where October occupancy is or how performance trended subsequently end of the quarter?
Spencer Kirk: This is Spencer. We still got a really nice day ahead of us tomorrow but I would characterize October as being well within the normal balance both on rentals, (inaudible) and the occupancy that follow perfectly inline with the season we are in.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Toti with FBR. Please proceed with our question.
David Toti - FBR:  Couple of questions, did you run any market tests in the last couple of months relative to and I ask you this every quarter, but I know you guys were pretty active in trying out different strategies around concession types and pushing rents sort of disproportionately relative to the portfolio?
Karl Haas:  This is Karl. We just had numerous tests ongoing. One right now we are working on is looking at. We are trying to vary the discount to see if we can sell units with less of a discount and its still in process and kind of early in the test.
David Toti - FBR: Just moving on to acquisitions, it seems you've shifted your focus from acquiring from the joint ventures to acquiring from the third party pipeline. Is the portfolio still available as well and any update around that possibility?
Spencer Kirk: Yes David, it's Spencer. Once again there has been no shift on the part of Extra Space in terms of our philosophy with JV opportunities. If and when they appear we are very eager to pursue them. With the third party management business what we are trying to do is just simply say this is way to grow our footprint and also create a quasi proprietary acquisition pipeline.
David Toti - FBR: Relative to the third party acquisition is there an increased opportunity to use OP currency there? Are you having discussion along those lines with some of the sellers?
Kent Christensen:  This is Kent. Yes, in the discussion we have with the people that we are acquiring their properties, generally we have a discussion with them about OP units and then it comes down from what their tax situation is and whether or not they want to hold our stock. So, today we have yet to close any of those transactions with OP units but in every instance we have a discussion with them about that.
David Toti - FBR:  If you could just update us on some recent discussions, obviously, you've made some progress from changing the terms of your revolver. What is the lender term that you are hearing relative to the banks, especially with regard to development?
Spencer Kirk:  Still very difficult to give construction loans today. It's getting slightly better, but slightly better from zero, it's not much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Smedes Rose with KBW. Please proceed with the question.
Smedes Rose - KBW:  I just wanted to make sure understand your guidance correctly to the second quarter you would point it to 82 to 85 for the year, you are increasing it to 88 to 89, but that does include the $0.02 impact, right, so it would be $0.90 to $0.91 adding that back?
Karl Haas:  Thats right. The current guidance includes the charge we have this quarter.
Smedes Rose - KBW: Your previous guidance did not?
Karl Haas: That is correct.
Smedes Rose - KBW: On a operating basis adjusting it's kind of really like a $0.06 to $0.07 increase from your previous guidance?
Karl Haas: That is correct.
Smedes Rose - KBW: You'd be in the third quarter relative to your guidance and it seems like the fourth quarter would need to come up now. I am trying to sort of back set that again some of you opening remarks that sounded a little bit more sobering than I would have expected in terms of trends and the pace of recovery. It really more sort of just a lower interest expense that you are looking for that is really going to driving that upside? Do you sort of feel like the costs have to go up on the fourth quarter or what? Can you just tell me kind of understand a little more about what you are saying?
Spencer Kirk:  Smedes, this is Spencer. The question is one of sustainability. I'd characterized at this rate, our revenue growth has been very good and we've benefited from operational revenue management, marketing systems that have allowed us to maximize the rentals in the rate which we make those rentals. We have gone up against pretty easy comps from 2009 and going forward, these comps are going to a lot harder as the economy improves. Our NOI growth this quarter is really due to some lower expenses. I dont think its realistic to expect to have negative expense growth going forward and I would say we are returning to normal fee. I just want to stress that. Thats why the comments are what they are. We see a moderately positive slope of recovery and along that slope youll have some ebbs and flows. With that I think that weve got right trajectory and were pleased with the results of the quarter.
Smedes Rose - KBW: What is the penetration now for the tenant reinsurance system wide?
Kent Christensen:  Were very, very closed to 60%.
Spencer Kirk: Weve gotten there yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Knott with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Spencer or Karl, just curious what you think sort of a normalized annual average occupancy is for you guys in kind of environment may be looking out over the next couple of years and may be contract that with where it was in the peak?
Spencer Kirk: This is Spencer, Michael. Optimally, what were trying to achieve is maximization of revenue, and driving on 33 years of experience growing back to the founding of this company with Ken Woolley and the more recently, systematically testing various theories statistically, we think that the occupancy is mid to high 80s and compared to prior more normal periods thats kind of where we philosophically have run the business and thats where we want to run the business until we get something that indicates that we ought to be doing something differently. Now, I would temper that. Thats in the macro. In the micro, there are various markets where you might want to have different occupancy targets depending on the dynamics in that region. Holistically, mid to high 80s is philosophically where steering things.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Youre getting there, but you think there should be room for further growth as your moderate recovery, as you termed it, continues unfold?
Spencer Kirk: That's correct.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Can you just remind us about the economics of adding an extra stores to the management program; I know youve added quite a few this year? Can you just talk about may be initial cost and then sort of incremental cost and how it adds to the management franchise fees and sort of your thinking on how big that your appetite is to continue to grow this part of your business?
Spencer Kirk:  The later part, Mike, our appetite is significant. We think this the very healthy way to grow our business, not only the footprint, but also as I talked about earlier to create an acquisition pipeline. The incremental costs, when we rebrand property obviously there is a little upfront cost there, 15 to 20, may be $25,000 put a new computer and our systems inside the store and the few other things. As you look at the efficiency, there are easily quantified things and then there are those that are not so easily quantified. We do believe that its $0.01 to $0.02 per 50 properties that we can just stay this is the gain. There are other gains that are little more qualitative. For instance, with a large denominator over which we can spread our expenses for our internet marketing campaigns or our national account campaign or several of the other things that were doing, I have to stay on the balance we think that this is an accretive business. It increases our footprint. It builds the brand and at the end of the day it gives the growth opportunity because were finding out that we believe the past year is may be a pretty good indicator of may be what we can expect.  That is that a significant portion of our acquisitions can came from our JV and third-party managed business and we think these relationships are important today and we think that are going to be just as an important going down the street looking into the future.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Is the opportunity there met your significant appetite?
Spencer Kirk: Today, Id say no, wed like to be doing more. The things are stabilizing and returning to normalcy I'd say the trend very much is starting to marry up with the appetite.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Can you remind us of your target that EBITDA leverage ratio in terms of how you think about the business? Also your philosophy on the mix of fixed and floating debt?
Spencer Kirk: I'll let the fixed and floating question kick over to Kent. Let me take the current EBITDA question or debt to gross asset value or any of these other things. Weve had tremendous improvement in our balance sheet that debt to EBITDA is gone from 7.8 to 6.8. The question is where should that threshold will be, and there are lot of economic and financial factors that will determined that. It depends and what we do in the capital market, it depends on the lot of other things. I would say once again the trajectory is one of improvement. We think that leverage that we have today on our business is a good thing and is a great thing for our shareholders. With that, I'll let Kent talk to the fixed versus variable.
Kent Christensen: A lot of variable rate debt today is loans that are coming due in the next 12 to 36 months. Based on where we believe the interest rates are going in the short-term probably bad debt variable rate loans that were putting in place today are going to be longer term loans will be fixed in those loans for longer periods of time at fixed interest rate. Were not wanting to put current variable rates loans that are expiring in the near-term we won't be swapping those out.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: The proposition wont be reducing in terms of floating rate?
Kent Christensen: That will be reducing and over time we will reduce and that we will be replacing longer term loans that will be paying off the shorter term loans that are coming due.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: First question on the purchase as you mentioned the 500 contract, where are those located?
Kent Christensen: The five that were going to purchase?
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Yes.
Kent Christensen: Texas, Salt Lake and New York.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Second of all, question for Karl. Have you noticed any discernable trends between may be commercial versus residential? As we think as weve made to the summer here are youre seeing any differences between the two?
Karl Haas:  No, we really havent.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Third, in terms of tenant reinsurance, it's been a big area of success over the past couple of years here. Just wondering how much upside what in that if you exclude out the three plus management program there?
Karl Haas:
 : We have some new stores that we take over. We have some exceptions to have considerably above the 60%, but it's on the macro, its really been a struggle to get this last from 55 to 60. Its been a painful year. Our goal for the year was 60 and were at like 59.8 right, we've been doing like just baby steps getting up and its not a result of this not for a lack of pushing it hard.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Finally, just as you look to move into external growth over the next couple of years for the acquisition, Im uniquely to counter with the balance sheet, I mean is that match fund and may be move to like something like an ATM, or any thoughts on asset recycling here? How do you expect to fund gross initiatives over the next call it 12-18 months?
Spencer Kirk: Michael, its Spencer. Were looking at all avenues. An ATM is obviously an option. A broader larger offering is an offer. Were looking at and exploring all things. Match funding is important to us. Weve got 66 unencumbered assets today and when the appropriate opportunity is realized, I think youll find Extra Space being a, creative and b, using every resource at a disposal to get the job done. Our track record speaks well to that.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Are you seeing enough volumes right now as to where that would be looking at in the near term or is it something kind of longer term out there? You usually have enough capacity now.
Spencer Kirk: The word for me is intermediate, Mike. It's not going to happen tomorrow and it's not a year away, it's intermediate thing for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo: On the acquisitions that you made in the third quarter and then also the stuff such as fourth quarter so far have you assumed any debt on those properties?
Kent Christensen:  Two of the properties we acquired have loan but we are assuming, all the rest of them we'll just be using cash to pay.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo:
T:
Kent Christensen: At the beginning of the year we had expected that we would be sitting on a lot of cash and that was the proper thing to do. As we have gone through the year, we have determined that loans are available through us and we dont need to sit on the cash so we have taken that cash and paid down debt. That has brought our interest rate down. We are able to pay a number of loans of early which is why the interest costs are down. Second, as a part of our debt we have some preferred stock which are trust preferred. They are a preferred stock because they become due in 30 years from the date that we entered into those agreements we are required to report them as debt. When we did the transactions five years ago we locked the interest rate on those trust preferred securities. Some of the locks have expired and we are allowed to allow them to shift from fixed rate to variable rate. The interest rate before was about 6% and its brought to LIBOR plus 240. We are in that well below 3%. So, we are getting a pretty good pick up on those trust preferred securities today. It's a combination of those brought our interest costs down.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo: What course of action you think you will take for the $22 million debt that comes in December?
Kent Christensen: We will just be paying that loan off.
Todd Stender - Wells Fargo:
J:
Kent Christensen: That is only about a year and a half that does really started into this, we have no idea whether seasonality or not because it just continues to grow and grow. Today we dont the answer to your question, may be after we have been doing this for five years we can you give you some more history on that. Every month that goes by we get more and more people interested in what we are doing and the program does seem to be growing and accelerating. Part of it is because of how well Extra Space is performing. It becomes very difficult for the local operators the smaller operators to look at what they are doing and what we are doing and compete with us. That is driving a number of these people to look at what we are doing.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Lin Xia] with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst:  Spencer, can you elaborate a little bit more on that returned in normalcy? What do you think is kind of a sustainable NOI growth rates because I know may be late 06 you guys hit around 10%, or is that where we are headed?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, we need to look over the course of the last decade. Obviously, there are a lot of points of volatility in the world in which we live. I would say normalcy from on NOI is 3 or 4, maybe 5 if you are really doing well. To expect more than that with a largely jobless recovery and few other things is not reality. So, for the current economic condition and for the foreseeable future thats the range I'd bracketed.
Unidentified Analyst: The next question is for Karl. Can you give a little bit more color on may be some of the specific markets where there is some weakness? It looks like Seattle this can NOI jobs for this quarter, anything in particular driving that?
Spencer Kirk: Our worst markets are Las Vegas, and this is not going to come as surprise to you. Las Vegas, Phoenix and Florida, where Florida is actually starting to bounce back and we are seeing some positive that starts to happen there. Las Vegas and Phoenix are continuing to suffer. LA is suffering, Sacramento. They is probably the worst markets. Id say that LA is probably the only one that we are not seeing an improvement in the negative delta.
Unidentified Analyst: Finally just on the construction financing, where you need $18 million, is that already with construction loans that you have closed or is that loan that you still need?
Kent Christensen: The $18 million that still necessary for us to finish our projects, as we are planning on using cash for that. However, we are trying to get loans on those properties that are under construction, not just fixed, but are not completed. There are others that are done that we never were able to get a loan on those. We are still trying to get loans on all of that to be able to try to fund that $18 million with some debt. Thats why we talk about the construction loan process is still very difficult. We are getting loans here and there and ultimately we hope to have loans on all of the properties that should fund the $18 million, but in case we dont, we have the cash we need to complete the development of these six projects.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Adornato with BMO Capital Markets.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets: To follow-up on the tenant reinsurance, you said that you are pretty much maxed out to about 60% penetration, but I was wondering how you priced that product, is it a flat rate or is it based on estimated value. Do you have any opportunities to upsell that item?
Karl Haas: Yes, that was probably a little bit, maybe not giving enough of the upside that is there. It is fixed, based on we charge the same amount across the country, based on level of insurance $5000, $7500, $10,000 and there is some opportunity to upsell. There are also as we grow when we bring new properties into the system, they typically are very, very low insurance penetration. We have some upsize on these linked acquisition, typically they come in with almost no tenant insurance penetration. That also provides some upside. There might be some opportunities to push that 60% a little bit above 60%, but we just dont see it growing as quickly as we have seen it grow over the last three years.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets: Okay understood. Looking at the developmental pipeline with the end of the developmental pipeline insight and return of the capital markets and operating markets to more normalized levels. I was wondering if you would consider restarting a development pipeline given that acquisitions are relatively tough and you might be able to capture that development premium given your expertise in the space.
Spencer Kirk: Paul its Spencer. The settlement program was shutdown and we have viewed that as a permanent decision for a variety of reasons, and Ill talk about that in a second. Nonetheless, not wanting to be close minded, we always by asking ourselves what if. The reason I tend to be strong in my language and say its permanent, is cant just again articulate it that even with billion dollar balance sheet, its a very, very difficult to get development loans. We need that leverage to make these projects pencil. The second reason is, the cycle is doing development is not something in self-storage, where we just put the switch. Most other property types you can flip the switch. If you consider to take one to two years to get entitlements your permits then it takes another year to lease up or to construct the project and then a lease up anywhere from 24 to 48 months. This is a four, five, six-year proposition and today as we look at the market, we dont see the fact that restarting a development project incurring the dilution and having a program thats large enough to move the needle is compelling and we take all of these factors and I just once again want to reiterate that the decision in Extra Space because of self-storage is unique profile and protracted process to bring a property online successfully over several years, want me to again reaffirm that we have looked at it as a permanent decision.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets: I appreciate the comments. Finally, if we were to look back at the time of the IPO and obviously going back to the founding of the company, you guys had at that time a very, very infield-oriented portfolio. I was wondering that over time you wanted to move more towards urban areas as perhaps a final frontier in terms of penetration of Storage throughout the country?
Spencer Kirk:  The quickest way I can answer that question is, mentally draw a grid in your mind or quadrant and you have high income, low income and you have high density and low density. If you take those rows and columns and start to fill in those quadrants, high income-high density, great, high income-low density, great. You rounded out and you have end up with just one quadrant, but doesnt work in that low income-low density. What I would simply say is, we like in few locations, but primarily we want to be where people are and where the incomes are solid, so that we can justify what we are doing with 52,000 or 54,000 self-storage facilities in the United States. I would say, at least a half of those are in markets, where we have no business, given our shareholder base. We want to be a solid operator in markets that provide meaningful growth opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Bilerman with Citi.
Mike Bilerman - Citi: Just a few follow-up, in terms of managed portfolio, you look at the composition now the occupancy obviously is much lower than the average rate and average rent per foot lower. I understand that a lot of these are coming into the portfolio to get enhancing operations that you are bringing, but is there a quality gap between the managed portfolio, so to the core-owned portfolio.
Karl Haas: A little bit, yes. This is Karl. In general on some cases there a lot of times the quality that you need depends on the market that you are in. Our owned portfolio is very much in the most competitive markets and the top end market, so you need to have higher quality products because you are competing entire quality products. When you get in less, the less spent, the less higher rent per square foot markets, you can have a little bit less quality and because we are competing against lower quality. Is that answered your question.
Mike Bilerman - Citi: How much overlap is there between the management portfolio that you have now, the 157 assets relative to the stuff that you are holding on JVs in terms of market penetration or?
Spencer Kirk: It is difficult to answer. A lot of is in different market. A lot of our third-party management is brings in Atlanta, a lot of what he was taken over. In that case there are very nice properties, but its a really tough market. We also we turned down a good number of properties that come to us, when they dont meet our quality standard.
Mike Bilerman - Citi: You are putting this on the Extra Space brand.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, everything we manage, we change the signage. We go in and do some minor re-imaging to make it clear that it is an Extra Space property.
Mike Bilerman - Citi: How much capital is that for the owner to put in on the conversion of the asset and so how you are maintaining brand standard.
Spencer Kirk: Its not dramatic. We do not require them to, for instance go in and repaint the property and repaint the doors, things like that. We do more what people see from the street and people walking into the office and even in our own portfolio, there is a lot of variation in what the office look like. Its more the sign and the posters and things like that, that we used to reestablish the brand image in these properties.
Mike Bilerman - Citi: The term of the contract is typically how long?
Spencer Kirk: Three years. 
Mike Bilerman - Citi: Okay and just moving on page 18 of the supplemental, there is move-in and move-out. Im just curious you look at the move-in activity and its just on the same-store for the quarter. Your move-ins were down, and the move-outs were greater. Like your occupancy is up 200 basis points on average year-over-year, which would indicate if Im reading this the right way, that the people moving in are taking larger space than the people, who are moving out by almost 350,000 square feet?
Karl Haas: No, thats not, because you got to look at, its more complicated, but our delta prior year in occupancy at the end of the second quarter, what we told you was 2.2%, 2.3%, where as our delta at the end of this quarter is 1.8%. The gap to last year has actually swirled a little bit, which is the first time since last April of 2009 that has occurred.
Mike Bilerman - Citi: The change year-over-year is really a sequential change.
Karl Haas: Right, we have had slightly more vacate, slightly less rentals and so we had a little bit of a slide in the occupancy delta, still very healthy at the 1.8% and the fact that we are going again from stronger numbers as Spencer mentioned, I guess really the third and fourth quarter of last year got better and we were making good progress especially on occupancy.
Mike Bilerman - Citi: That trends in October as well, where your move-ins were lower than your move-out?
Karl Haas: No, we are actually holding pretty steady. October is looking pretty good actually per release last Sunday.
Operator: We have another follow-up from Christy McElroy with UBS.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS:
 :
. :
Kent Christensen: Yes, if you say, what are the ranges? Ross. Its entirely possible. Our best guess is what we communicated; we think that somewhere in the range of 3% to 3.5% is what we believe in.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: If I back that into same-store revenues right, with your margins that probably means you are looking at 2-ish percent revenue growth, is that about right?
Kent Christensen: Pretty close.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Tell me we will get to the math behind, how do you generate 2% revenue growth ultimately, if you raising rents 6% on renewals every 9-month, what percentage is your customers are staying in 9 months and are actually getting that by 6% rent increase.
Kent Christensen: I have no idea with that doing some homework on that Ross. I cant speculate because I havent run the math. 
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: I would assume its a reasonably lower number. Its not half the tenant.
Kent Christensen: Thats probably correct yes.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: I start thinking about to the extent that you have raised rents on customers 6% this year and street rents dont appear to be moving higher yet, are we going to find ourselves in a situation next year, where your rolling rent down on certain customers as guys, who saw renewal increase at least at some point?
Kent Christensen: I dont forecast rolling rents down. Once again, we are trying to communicate Ross, in the amalgamation of a lot of different markets. We have some markets that are doing very well that we communicated in our release. Yes, market that continue to be challenged. How this all plays out is anybodys guess. What we have tried to do is, just be conservative and say given the economic environment in which we are operating. I dont think storage and particularly Extra Space is going to go negative and I dont think its realistic to expect 7.8% NOI growth going forward. Were going to operate in some band and as the economy unfold in 2011 and as various markets havent flow or improve or maybe dont improve. Its anybodys guess and thats why not willing to take hard stance on that.
Karl Haas:  Ross, if I could add and this is Karl. Clearly thats one of the reasons that, were being cautious about the future right now. On the long run if you dont have the ability to push street rate it will challenge our opportunity to grow because you can only push existing customer so far. We have cash on how far the GAAP can be on existing customers and that we still increasing. Were looking for different levels and right now were benefiting from lower discounts and higher occupancy and actually lower bad debt, but ultimately for the industry as well. Weve got to have the ability to push rates. Now, the good news is, there is no new inventory coming in, no new properties being built and so that should help, but were continuing to see. Were not able to coming out of the recession. Were not able to push street rates 4% or 5% or 6% yet.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: How much of a fact. The occupancy growth that the industry have seen over the last year-ish it seems to be almost entirely driven by a decline in vacate rather than an improvement in rentals. Now were hitting that crossover point, right, where in order to generate net absorption, where we need the demand to start picking up. It appears that as state of the housing market and the state of consumer seems to be making that a tougher transition and maybe we all would have thought three or six months ago. You guys believe at this point seeing how demand has played out this year that you need a housing recovery to play out to see demand in rental turn positive.
Karl Haas:  Housing recovery would be nice. Once again, lets go back to macro driver of this business. If I could be really direct a lot of people try to find correlative measures Ross that we will predict the success of hedge and wed talk about this previously. Housing is just one element of a broader amalgamation of factors that determined demand for our business and thats what I like about storage. It is a broad-based consumer product that is need driven and housing is only a component of what mix our business or doesnt make a business and Id like to broad diversification in terms of drivers. I like the brought geographic diversification like many of the elements. Lets say, what were not contingent on anyone economic driver to drive our business and obviously an improving economy will help our business and improved housing market will help our business. Its really people in transition to drive our business. Comfortable that comments that have been made and the things that weve released. At this point in time, our best prognostication is to what to expect.
Operator: There are no further questions. Wed like to turn the call back over to management for closing comments.
Spencer Kirk:
 :
. :
Operator: This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-30 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Clint Halverson  Investor Relations Spencer Kirk  Chairman and CEO Kent Christensen  Chief Financial Officer Karl Haas  Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Eric Wolfe  Citi Christy McElroy  UBS Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie David Toti  FBR Capital Markets Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets Todd Stender  Wells Fargo Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird Smedes Rose  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors Mike Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to the Extra Space Storage Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. At this all, participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Clint Halverson with Extra Space Storage. Thank you. You may begin.
Clint Halverson: Thank you, [Mann]. Welcome to Extra Space Storage second quarter 2010 conference call. In addition to our press release, weve also furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that management's prepared remarks and answers to your questions contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements address matters which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those discussed today. Examples of forward-looking statements include those related to Extra Space Storage's development and acquisition programs, revenues and operating income, FFO and guidance. We encourage all of our listeners to review a more detailed discussion related to these forward-looking statements contained in the company's filings with the SEC. Forward-looking statements represent management's estimates as of today, Thursday, July 29, 2010. Extra Space Storage assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future because of changing market conditions or other circumstances. I would now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Spencer Kirk: Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. With me are Kent Christensen, our Chief Financial Officer and Karl Haas, our Chief Operating Officer. For some time now I have spoken of the principle of LIFO or last in, first out. And in comparison to other real estate assets, self storage would be among the last to move into the recession then it would be among the first to recover. I'm pleased to report that this theory seems to be playing out. In the second quarter our portfolio performance turned positive with year-on-year improvement for each month within the quarter on almost every metric. For the second quarter we reported $0.22 of FFO per share with revenue and NOI both positive. Our out performance was primarily due to an occupancy increase of 220 basis points, an increase in rental activity of more than 4% and a year-over-year increase in achieved asking rates of 4%. During the quarter, we completed two state-of-the-art development projects, which will further contribute to our internal growth. We have seen a slight pick up in activity in the acquisitions market and are diligently looking for accretive opportunities. We acquired four properties, three of which came from our third party management program, a proven acquisition source to fuel our external growth. We made further improvements to our balance sheet, paid off some debt early and increased our financial flexibility with the recent placement of a revolving line of credit for up to $45 million with Wells Fargo. We continue to believe that the current economic cycle will be a gradual recovery back to pre-recession levels. With that said, our high quality portfolio, advanced operating platform and embedded growth from the stabilization of our development pipeline position us to participate fully in whatever recovery may be ahead. As a result, we have grown more confident in our expectations for the remainder of the year. I will now turn the call over to Karl to discuss operations.
Karl Haas: Thanks, Spence. We have pleased with the way our stores performed in the second quarter with improvements in virtually all the metric as we return to a normalized level of move-outs. Our same store net operating income was up 2.8% for the quarter from the same period last year and up 2.5% sequentially from the first quarter. This quarter is marked by a return to a more normal level of move-outs, which was out paced by increase in year-over-year move-ins. The level of move-outs this quarter is in line with historical trends. This is further confirmation that the recovery in our business at large continues. Importantly, the gain in net rentals is not driven by higher levels of discounting. On that front, discounts as a percentage of rental income remain in line with what we are offering in the second quarter 2009. The improvements in same store net operating income include increases in same store occupancy of 220 basis points, increases in same store revenue of 2.3% and a slight increase in expenses, which were only up 1.3%. The improvement in occupancy in the quarter is a 15 consecutive month of improvement. We have continued to see the results of active expense management as expenses have decreased by 0.4% year-to-date, basically flat with 2009. Our relatively strong performance during both the challenging and improving time is a testament to our platform. Our revenue management systems, internet marketing and national call center have allowed to us effectively read economic and market conditions on a local level and translate that into pricing changes by channel in the field. We continue to invest resources in our web technology and the results have exceeded our expectations. We believe that the systems that we have put in place to capture data and the team that in place to interpret the data continues to be a competitive advantage, especially when it comes to local operators. These systems are back stopped by excellent service at the national call center and at the individual property level. Our focus on revenue management, the quality and training of our people and constant focus on technological innovations will continue to help us to be a leader in our sector. Now with that, I would like to turn it over to Kent.
Kent Christensen: Thanks. Last night, we reported FFO including the diluted impact of our development program of $0.22. This was $0.02 ahead of the top end of our guidance range. Better property performance and lower interest costs contributed to our earnings coming in ahead of our estimate. During the quarter, we placed two development projects and service for $21.3 million and closed on four acquisitions, totaling $17.2 million. These properties were purchased with the combination of cash on hand and one assumed loan. We retired $100 million debt in advance of its August maturity date, using cash-on-hand as well as an additional $60 million CMBS debt coming due in 2014. The extinguishment of debt freed up 26 previously encumbered properties on which new debt can be placed. The early pay off of this debt will result in interest savings of $1.2 million in 2010. We have reached a point, where trends have stabilized and we feel we have the ability to get loans against our existing properties. Debt and equity is more available and we no longer feel the need to carry large amounts of cash as ability in insurance policy. As of June 30, we have $28.4 million of cash and $29 million of capacity on our line of credit. In addition, we have unencumbered asset base of 66 wholly-owned properties on which we can place loans of up to an estimated $280 million. We are please to do say that the acquisitions environment has become somewhat more active. We closed on four properties during the quarter and one since the ends of the quarter. We current have five additional properties with signed agreements and are reviewing additional assets for purchase. Of the four properties acquired during the quarter, three were from our third party management portfolio, underscoring this as an opportunity for selective external growth. On the third party management front, we increased our properties under management by 18 during the quarter and eight subsequent to the end of the quarter. We now have 148 sites under management, making us the largest self storage management company in the United States. Each of these sights is branded as Extra Space Storage and marketed in a consistent way with our own sites and one brand with no differentiation. Since the inception of our formal third party management program in 2008, we have added approximately 100 properties. Third party management gives us a stable and long-term pipeline for external growth, incremental revenue and additional assets over which we can spread our overhead. Given the improvement in our business, we are increasing our annual guidance range for FFO to $0.82 to $0.85 per share. This increase is driven by better than expected results in the first half of the year and lower expected interest rates. Including tenant insurance, our annual same store revenue range is now positive 0.5% to a positive 1.5%. We also adjusted our same store expense assumption to flat to up 1%. Consequently, our annual same store NOI guidance is now flat to a positive 2%. As visibility for this calendar year continues, we will adjust our forecast accordingly. With that, I will turn the call back to Spencer.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you, Kent. Steady improvement in our business is evident. We have shared with you our view that is the sector the self storage industry has been a good place to be during the economic downturn. And we are encouraged by our future prospects in participating in the recovery. We expect further improvement throughout the remainder of the year, but as we have seen the economic environment can change quickly. We are in a fragile economy and the Extra Space team is working hard to capture every sale and minimize expenses wherever possible to continue to grow our FFO. In addition, our development projects are budget to do add approximately $0.25 of incremental FFO over the next four to five years. Through our high quality portfolio, advanced revenue management system and technology platform and our continual expanding national footprint on the web, we are positioned for future success. I want to thank and complement our excellent team on our ongoing focus and I'm confident they will continue to perform well for the rest of the year. I also want to thank you for your interest in Extra Space. We sincerely appreciate it. I now would like to welcome your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from the line of Eric Wolfe with Citi. Please go ahead.
Eric Wolfe  Citi: Thanks, guys. Michael is also on the line with me. I'm just wondering if you saw any change in trends from April and May to June and July, whether the lower consumer confidence numbers we saw or lower activity in the housing market maybe had an impact on your month to month results.
Spencer Kirk: Eric and Michael, this is Spencer. I would characterize it as this. The trends have been improving month over month and as I said in my remarks, on almost every metric during the quarter we saw improvements and we don't see any change in July in the numbers there. The consumer confidence in other things, obviously are a factor but we are not seeing something that is measurable yet.
Eric Wolfe  Citi: Okay. But July it did change a little bit. Is that just from your remarks right there?
Spencer Kirk: The month isn't over and I would say that what we've seen in the month to date activity is its trending normally and in the pattern that we've seen over the last several months. There are no aberrations that we could highlight.
Eric Wolfe  Citi: Got you. And can you just tell us how many of the five acquisitions that you have under contract are from your third party management business and what type of IRS you are underwriting?
Kent Christensen: This is Kent. Three of the five are from our third party management business and we are targeting high sevens to low eight cap rates.
Eric Wolfe  Citi: Okay. Are you getting the sense just from the owners that you are talking with that they are more like to the sell now that they've gone through their peak leasing season, they think they are getting better pricing.
Kent Christensen: Yeah. That's part of it. They feel like the occupancies in numbers. But we are using trailing 12 numbers. We are not using numbers as of today. And so it's a backward looking 12 months based on where the properties are performing.
Eric Wolfe  Citi: Got you. And just lastly, LA looked a little bit weaker than we would have expected on occupancy and rate. Was that there something specific to your portfolio that happened there or is it more market driven?
Karl Haas: This is Karl. I think it's more market driven.
Eric Wolfe  Citi: Okay. Is there anything you can speak to that's going on in the market that would have and maybe just your expectations going forward?
Karl Haas: No. It's, especially when you move east out of LA and into the San Bernardino and kind of north, those areas are still suffering from housing and job losses and I think it's kind of a stressed environment.
Eric Wolfe  Citi: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Christy McElroy with UBS. Please go ahead.
Christy McElroy  UBS: Hey, good morning, guys. I just wanted to follow up on a prior question, qualify your comments, Spencer. Wondering if you could over through how year-over-year move-ins and move-outs trended through the quarter and into July. The self storage data seems to look better sort of towards the beginning of the quarter and the momentum slowed by June, or for you guys was it different, was it sort of consistent throughout?
Spencer Kirk: Actually, I will let Karl take this one because he has the data in front of him.
Karl Haas: Yeah. I mean, we have seen consistent, we've had consistent growth throughout the quarter. And we started the year at a delta to last year at about 1.5% to 1.6%. We ended the quarter at about 2.2%. We are going to starting to against a little bit tougher numbers from last year, because we kind of bottomed out last year in April. But the rentals are still above last year. Vacates now are above last year, but the rentals are ahead of the vacates as far as the delta.
Christy McElroy  UBS: What do you think is driving the year-over-year growth in move-ins that you are seeing? So who is the incremental renter that wasn't there at this time last year?
Karl Haas: Well, last year we were going -- You got to remember last year the rentals were down. Not dramatically but in the first half of the year they were down. Luckily, so were the vacates starting in April. So I'm not sure that it's really, through this whole thing, really all through 2009 our rentals are only down 1.9% and that was in the, with the first half of the year being especially the first four, five months of the year being considerably down from the prior year. So I'm not sure we've ever really seen the fall off in rentals. What really hurt us was in the latter half of 2008 and early 2009 was a fairly dramatic increase in vacates.
Christy McElroy  UBS: Is there any group that you can seem to speak to, whether it's promotional users or the discretionary user that had moved out that had driven those move-outs? Are you seeing a return of any sort of one group?
Karl Haas : I really cant say that I have. That I had, it may be but I don't know the anything that we've seen that can, would tell us that it's one group. The one thing that certainly surprises me and through this whole thing is that with the lack of movement in housing, that we haven't been more hurt by the, just, people not moving as much as they were. But we've really held pretty consistent.
Christy McElroy  UBS: Okay. And then what was the timing of the pay down of both the $100 million and $60 million loans during the quarter?
Kent Christensen: The $100 million was in, both of them were -- one was at the end of May, the $60 million, the other the first part of June, the $100 million.
Christy McElroy  UBS: Okay. And were there any prepayment penalties associated with the 2014 debt pay down?
Kent Christensen: There was not. We were fortunate in that the 2014 loan was a loan that extended last year. And when it extended the part of the extension was from then on. There were no more prepayment penalties.
Christy McElroy  UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Kent Christensen: Thanks.
Operator: Thanks. Your next question is from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Thank you. Just a couple of quick follow-ups. In terms of vacates, it looks like they have moved on a year-over-year basis for the first time in about a year. Does that make you think that approximately you push up rents too high or is that very normal?
Karl Haas: No. This is Karl. No, we believe it's more that we are just back to more normal levels.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Okay. Going back to your comments about the three of the four properties you bought, were they marketed? Or was it an off market deal?
Karl Haas: They were off market deals and that's the beauty of the three plus program or the third party management because we are managing it. Because we have the relationship, the owners typically come to us and say if you'll give me a fair price, let's just skip brokerage fees and everything else and let's conduct a quiet transaction. And I think it's one of the strategic strengths of the third party program as an acquisition pipeline.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Got you. And last question. Looking at your -- The year forward in terms of refinancing, it looks like a lot of the debt is coming to a variable rate. Given the backdrop of deflationary talks and prolonged low interest rate environment, what are your plans in refinancing there?
Kent Christensen: The plans for refinancing the debt?
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Yeah, the drop in variable rate. Would you keep it variable rate going forward?
Kent Christensen: No. We are actively managing our, the interest rate risk that we have where we are constantly looking at the different loans and whether or not we can be locking in those loans. We have one loan that's the Zions loan that we had and we were able to get that loan locked and lock the interest rate on that one. So we are looking at each of the individual loans and looking at ways of hedging our interest rate risk. We will have some amount of variable rate debt. But we are trying to lock in as much as debt as we can as fixed rate.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: So when you take into account hedging costs as a swap rate what kind of fixed rate debt cost be if you had to refinance that?
Kent Christensen: Fixed rate now is in the high fives, low sixes.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Toti with FBR Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Toti  FBR Capital Markets: Hey, guys.
Spencer Kirk: Hi, David.
David Toti  FBR Capital Markets: Just going back to the third party business, can you give any indication on the pipeline of potential acquisitions that you see there? Are you in discussions on any assets?
Spencer Kirk: We are in numerous. This is Spencer. First of all, David, we are in numerous discussions. What we would like to indicate about the third party business is that it's growing at a healthy clip. Interest actually is increasing because as we have been showing descent performance in the self storage sector. There's been more attention called to the value proposition that we offer. And rather than quantify, we will produce throughout the rest of the year, what the specific numeric targets are I would simply say that it's expanding. It's growing at a healthy clip. We are having more and more discussions for future acquisitions. And the general interest has exceeded our expectations because of our relative performance.
David Toti  FBR Capital Markets: Great. And are you increasing the terms in terms of it being more favorable to you as that interest level rises?
Spencer Kirk: No. Not yet.
David Toti  FBR Capital Markets: How do you see this business maturing? Is there sort of no upper limit to the size of that platform relative to your infrastructure?
Spencer Kirk: Well, I think there is an upper limit. Realistic if you say there are 52,000 self storage facilities in the United States, I would take half of them and say either the asset quality or the market or the location of the asset within a market would disqualify fully 50% of those assets. So for us if you figure that the four publicly traded rates that are in the storage sector control 8% of the market, we think that there is still tremendous upside and potential in this third party management program.
David Toti  FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Great. And then, Kent, a question for you about the tone from lenders relative to development. And I don't know if that's improved at all. Obviously, given the facility there is some improvement and also secondly, are you seeing a change in lending appetite? I know you were very focused on small regional banks for awhile. Has that dissipated as well?
Kent Christensen: We were fortunate in getting a couple of loans done in the last quarter that have to do with our development projects. One is the Wells Fargo line that we've talked about. I think if you look at that line you'll find it to be very unique and unusual. I think we were fortunate to be able to get that one done. Other than that we did only one other construction loan. So even though we've been able to get some loans done on the development, on development projects, I'd still have to characterize our ability to get development loans is very marginal at best. It is still very difficult and very few banks who are wanting to lend on construction assets. So it's increased slightly over last year and the last year was almost zero. But it's still is not at a level that I think we are or our industry is going to see a lot of development taking place yet.
David Toti  FBR Capital Markets: Okay. And then my last question is for Karl. Relative to, how you guys typically run a couple of tests in different markets and I was wondering if you could update us on any of those tests and if you are seeing any interesting data points relative to pushing rents or pushing renewals and so forth?
Karl Haas: We are continuing and we have through the whole recession continued to push rates and we varied the percentage but we've continued to push rates. And we continue to see that it's the benefit of the increase revenue from our rates as a result of the rate increase, far exceeds the vacates that are caused by rate increases. There are some rate increase -- there are some vacates that are caused by rate increases. But that's probably the biggest take away that we have from the recession.
David Toti  FBR Capital Markets: So no testing of like a concession removal?
Karl Haas: Yeah. We did that. We did that -- well, we've done a little of that and we may do some more of it but it's going to be in a way that, we will try to tie it where we are being flexible and give our people a little bit more flexible to start off with a lesser offer and then increase the offer. And we actually, we tested that a little bit and we are going to test it a little bit more later in the year.
David Toti  FBR Capital Markets: Okay. And my last question and how do you look for, are you seeing an increase in conversion rates from your web, your web driven customers since the first quarter?
Spencer Kirk: It's a resounding yeah. We've gotten better on the web. We've been testing and retesting what we present to those that are online and we've refined what we are offering considerably and the conversion rate continues to increase month-over-month. We are doing well on the web.
David Toti  FBR Capital Markets: Great. Thanks for the detail, guys.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, good afternoon. A quick question on your data efforts there as well. Did you here anything from your managers on the grounds or at your sales center regarding any type of increase or decrease in activity relate to do the expiration of the home buyer tax credits in general or anything in any of your specific markets?
Spencer Kirk: No. I think the answer on this, Todd, is there are so many drivers for demand in this business that trying to measure something that's out on the tail is extremely difficult and the only thing that I would simply say is I think that the results speak for itself. Rentals are up. Occupancy is up. Vacates are trending more towards normalcy. We've been in a period of great turbulence and we don't have the data to suggest either anecdotally or directly that the expiration of a tax credit has had any material impact that we can measure.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then regarding the acquisition environment, you mentioned that some of the uptick might be attributable to where we are in the leasing cycle. But what else do you sense has changed such that the pace of acquisition has started to increase here?
Kent Christensen: This is Kent. I'd say the number one aspect that affects us a lot that has allowed some of the acquisitions to occur is sellers expectations have changed as to what they would accept as a cap rate. I think obviously from two years ago people were selling assets in the high fives and in the sixes and sellers were hoping to some day be able to get those numbers. And I think realism has finally set in and people are now starting to sell their assets at higher cap rates than two years ago but not of the kind of cap rates that many of us were hoping to get early last year. So I think it's just more realistic view of where the acquisitions market is.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Should we expect this pace of acquisitions to continue for the next couple of quarters?
Kent Christensen: We've told you about the five we have under contract. Other than those, again, as Spencer said a minute ago, there's 52,000 self storage facilities in the United States and we are talking boy two or three acquisitions. So even though the pace has picked up which is good for us compared to a year ago which was zero, we are still not looking, still not, there is hundreds of properties for sale. And what we are telling you is that there are assets that are coming for sale here and there and a few portfolios, but still not massive amounts of properties.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then lastly, in the three plus management platform, what's the break out of properties that are owned by individuals versus institutional owners?
Kent Christensen: This is Kent. I don't have that exact number but my guess is going to be that it's 50/50.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Kent Christensen: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Todd Stender with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Todd Stender  Wells Fargo: Hi. Thanks, guys. You may not have this kind of data yet but just if you are looking at the three of the four acquisitions you made with stores through your third party management business, can you identify say a basis point difference in your cap rates? Are you negotiating, say, 50, 75 basis points better rate than, say, on marketed acquisitions?
Kent Christensen: This is Kent. Our experience, what we've found in buying our assets from our third party managed business is that the only way that that really works is if we are competitive in our pricing and buying those assets. If these are generally pretty sophisticated real estate people and they know that if we are getting a real good deal, they are going to take it to the market and sell it. So we are probably talking 10 or 15 basis points. We are not talking 50 or 100 basis points. It would be a small amount. We have to give them a competitive price. Otherwise they are going to take it to the market and sell it.
Karl Haas: This is Karl. I will add to this. One thing that comes into play is that there's no broker involved when we are buying, we buy indirectly which is an advantage to the seller. And the other piece is that when we already manage the property, our underwriting is a lot more confident because we are running the property. We are not working with somebody else's numbers. We know what the property is capable of doing. And we have a much more in depth knowledge of the property. And that really helps and also enables us to move relatively quickly.
Todd Stender  Wells Fargo: Thanks. And I don't know maybe you've already disclosed this, what were the cap rates on the properties in Georgia and New York?
Kent Christensen: Within total, we have the properties that are stabilized are in the high sevens and the lease up properties are in the eights.
Todd Stender  Wells Fargo: Okay. Thank you. And just switching to the development projects, specifically the two projects completed in the quarter, what are the projected initial lease yields look like and have they changed since you broke ground in the third quarter of '08 and the third quarter of '09?
Kent Christensen: The answers are, yeah, they've changed. The initial yields I think on those projects were in the eights. So this, we approved these projects and, two, over two years ago which when we had been in the height of the market of development and acquisitions and my guess is now that they are between 50 and 100 basis points less than that now. In that, the properties are all of our development properties are filling up basically on pace for what we expected, but we are getting 10% to 15% less in rents than what we expected.
Todd Stender  Wells Fargo: Okay. And then looking at the three properties you started in Q2, Arizona, Florida and California, what do those initial lease yields look like?
Kent Christensen: Same. They would still be in the eights.
Todd Stender  Wells Fargo: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Kent Christensen: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Our next question is from Paula Poskon with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird: Thanks very much. Good afternoon. Would you say that you've turn the corner in all markets or are you still skipping along the bottom in some?
Spencer Kirk: I think, Paula, first of all, I appreciate you joining the call. It's not fair to say we've turned the corner in all markets. We are seeing improvements but when you look at a market like Las Vegas which is at the top of our most challenged markets, to say we've turned the corner there, I'm not there yet. If you look at parts of Florida or Phoenix, we've got to market continually and perennially continue to be challenged. What we are seeing, however, is some other bright points popping up. San Diego has done really well recently. Albuquerque has done well, Denver and Indianapolis. Some other secondary markets maybe haven't been as prominent, have started to show some strength. I think across the board we are seeing improvements but we still have markets that we are concerned about.
Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird: Thanks, Spencer. I appreciate that. Are you seeing any change in the average length of stay now that trends seem to be stabilizing?
Karl Haas: No. This is Karl. No, we really haven't.
Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thanks. And what are you seeing with Internet marketing costs?
Spencer Kirk: The internet marketing costs are -- well, let's characterize it this way. The costs are going up but our efficiency and the way we are using the internet has become surprisingly complex and we've become much more adept at bidding on key terms that produce the best result. So at the end of the day we are holding our costs as it pertains to acquisition.
Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thank you. Kent, are there any other of the CMBS notes that no longer have prepayment penalties?
Kent Christensen: No, that was the last one.
Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird: That was the last one, okay. And just the housekeeping item -- the share count was up about 600,000 or so. What's that attributable to?
Kent Christensen: Exercising -- I'm sorry. It was the issuance of grants to our employees and our directors.
Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird: Okay. Great. Thanks. That's all I have.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Paula.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Smedes Rose with Keefe, Bruyette Woods.
Smedes Rose  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Hi. Thanks. Im just wondering you mentioned that your asking rates were up 4%. Can you just talk about the difference between the asking rates and I guess in the place rents now, if there is still a gap or what that looks like?
Spencer Kirk: The gap has become immaterial. A year ago it was double-digits. And today I'm pleased to report that it's pleased to report that it is not material and not relevant.
Smedes Rose  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay. And then, where was the penetration I guess for your tenant rate reinsurance program, about what percent of your customers participated?
Spencer Kirk: Total penetration is approx -- It's approaching 60%. New penetration is approaching 90%.
Smedes Rose  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay. Great.
Spencer Kirk: A tick under in both cases.
Smedes Rose  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay. Then just curious, you bought the minority interest of two properties in the quarter. Was that, was there just any color behind that or would you expect to be doing anything like that going forward or did the holders of the put do something to you or what was the story behind volume about?
Kent Christensen: Growing at a partner, they needed to do get some cash so he came to us and asked us if we would buy him out of his partnership. We were able to negotiate a price that it was acceptable to him and that's why we bottom out. It was a very small amount of our cash, a very small amount.
Smedes Rose  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Michael Knott with Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Hey, guys. I just wanted to clarify that you acquired $17 million of properties during the quarter and then you're talking about some additional properties under contract. Is that correct and those are separate?
Kent Christensen: That is correct, Mike.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Then what's the dollar volume of the under contract portion?
Kent Christensen: If it all closed it would be about $27 million.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Okay. And then just a question for Spencer. I think on the last call, you had mentioned that the way you would think about the decision to raise equity would be deal driven. Just to be curious, did these not meet your expectations for deals that you thought the market would like or is this share price related or you do not think you need additional equity or just sort of update us on how you are thinking on that particular question.
Spencer Kirk: Current state of the mind on equity issuance is this. I would first characterize it by saying, based on the discussion we've been having so far, there really are limited opportunities to deploy capital accretively. These little 1s, 2s, to my way of thinking don't dictate whether we ought to go out and raise $100 million, $200 million or $250 million. You look at paying down debt, Kent just indicated the ability to pay down debt based on where we are and the maturity schedule and the fees. We've kind of done what we could on paying down debt. We are naturally delevering the balance sheet. We have right-sized our dividend. We are getting the development accretion that I alluded to in my opening remarks and our FFO is growing organically as well. So we are naturally delevering. I think as we look at the ability to meet our needs, we've been able to source debt and the most difficult economic environment in decades. $341 million last year and with 66 unencumbered properties, we got the ability to go out and get cash. One of the challenges for us as a management team is discipline and if we go out and raise a significant amount of money on an equity raise, we are going to feel pressured to deploy it and we want to be disciplined. We make our money when we buy real estate, not when we sell. With all that being said, Mike, I would simply say it's a discussion that we have frequently internally. It's something that is at the top of our board meetings. It's an option. And as the environment dictates I think will you find Extra Space being not only nimble but willing to access whatever market is required to meet our growth.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Okay. Thanks for that. And then on the operational side strategically, is it fair to say that you guys are still kind of going down the road of at the margin focusing a little more on rate, excuse me, on filling your properties on occupancy over rate in terms of your, how you think about maximizing revenue?
Spencer Kirk: What we wanted to is maximize revenue and I think it's a delicate balance between rate and occupancy. And what we have believed is that with our existing customer rate increase it's important to have occupancy because you can't pass along rate increases on empty space. And we don't know exactly what point on the occupancy curve that drives revenue maximization but we are testing and retesting and refining it. I think the results of the last quarter or the last several quarters show that we are getting closer to optimization.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Thanks. And then my last question, I may have missed this earlier but I guess for Karl, what did you say the street rates increase versus sort of last year.
Karl Haas: About 4%.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: 4%. Okay. And you anticipate further being able to push street rates even though you are kind of now even with some of the more recent economic data points that we've seen?
Karl Haas: I'm not sure that we are, that we are saying were going to be able to push the street rates that percentage that much more above last year but we are hoping to hold that somewhere in that range.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mike Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mike Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Good afternoon. Very good color on the street rates. Just curious as to renewals, what you guys are passing along right now? Did you see any change during the second quarter and has there been any change kind of in frequency in trying to make sure you are maintaining occupancy levels?
Karl Haas: No. There really has been no change in the percentage or the frequency.
Mike Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And the percentage again, is it still 5 to 6, 5 to 8, what is it today?
Karl Haas: 6 to 8.
Mike Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: 6 to 8. Okay. Thank you. Second of all on the tenant reinsurance, I mean, that's continuing to increase. Is that entirely a function of the third-party management or are you still seeing pretty good growth at the property level as well with that?
Karl Haas: Were kind of topping out and it's, I think, we -- when we take over new properties we have some upside on those. But on the mature properties we are getting to a point where our goal for this year is to get to 60%. Were at 59-point something percent and it's very, we are moving very, very slowly up. Were still getting a little bit of gain but it's, it's moving much -- much more slowly and we are really sensing that we are probably topping out.
Mike Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Okay.
Karl Haas: As far as the percentage penetration.
Mike Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: That makes sense. So the third, usually on the conference calls you give an update as to what July or the month forward trends are. How has July played out relative to the second quarter? Is it pretty consistent or have you seen a pick up at all?
Spencer Kirk: It's consistent, Mike, this is Spence. Obviously we are not even through July. Were the first to report amongst storage REITS. All I can say is the trends that we have seen during Q2 have continued in July with the normal seasonality pieces baked inform there's no aberration or anything abnormal that would cause to us temper our comments or our results and in fact the revised guidance reflects that we think things are getting closer to normalcy than they have been and that's giving us some confidence.
Mike Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: That's encouraging. Then finally just a bigger picture question. And as you see operating trends improve has there been any thoughts to maybe moving back in the development a little bit, maybe not on a grand sale but doing one offs here and there, maybe on some of the parcels that you had on balance sheet that you have written off previously.
Spencer Kirk: Let's talk about development for a minute. I think what we need to recognize is first of all as Kent said earlier, getting financing or loans for development projects is extremely difficult. The way we look at getting development returns for us we need to have that kind of leverage to justify the risk, to capture the return. We made a difficult decision to shut down the development department and with the inability to get loans and talent walking out the door we don't have any plans to try and crank this up. Once again, storage development is unique to the real estate second in that it takes a couple of years to get entitlements , a year to build and then two, three, four years to lease it up. And this is not a spigot that we open and turn-off easily and we've made a decision now. Now, with that being said, there are joint venture partners out there that we may participate in one or two select opportunities where we want to be but it would be on a limited basis and it would be with a partner. But opening just begin and trying to start a development program again, Im not going to say never but we did shutdown the development program and it is a permanent decision.
Mike Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from the line of Ki Bin Kim. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Hi. Just a quick question, to the extent you are able to can you comment on the self storage portfolio, in the market with initial talk on price and volume or size?
Kent Christensen: Well, we know that the, some properties were taken back by Wells Fargo. Wells Fargo is looking at marketing those assets. Were in the preliminary stages of getting information about that. So that's all we have right now is just what the information that Wells Fargo is going to plan on marketing the properties that we took back. But as of yet, I can't -- I don't know what the total pricing is yet on things like that. I think there's 26 properties but that's all the information I have right now.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Do you know what kind of time frame they are looking at?
Kent Christensen: We've been told that they wanted to do something quickly but quickly for that size of portfolio would probably be two or three months.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Knott with Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Hey, Kent. I guess this is for you. Have you looked at the pros and cons of the ATM equity programs and sort of where do you shake out on that?
Kent Christensen: Yeah. We have looked at that. It is another form of being able to raise equity. I think it raise equity. I think it goes back to the comment Spencer made to you a few minutes ago which is, if we decide to do sell stock, that would be a program we would look at in addition to other ones. But in the case where we are right now it's a program but it's not one that we need to be working on since we are not in the process of needing to sell any stock right now.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing comments.
Spencer Kirk: We appreciate your participation today and we thank you for your interest in Extra Space. We look forward to the next quarterly call and we hope you have a good day. Thanks again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-04 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Clint Halverson  IR Spencer Kirk  President Karl Haas  EVP & COO Kent Christensen  EVP & CFO
Analysts: Eric Wolf  Citigroup Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird Smedes Rose  KBW Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Extra Space Storage First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Clint Halverson with Extra Space Storage. Thank you Mr. Halverson, you may begin.
Clint Halverson: Thank you, Rob. Welcome to Extra Space Storages first quarter 2010 conference call. In addition to our press release weve also furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements address matters which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those discussed today. Examples of forward-looking statements include those related to Extra Space Storages development and acquisition programs, revenues and operating income, FFO and guidance. We encourage all of our listeners to review a more detailed discussion related to these forward-looking statements contained in the Companys filings with the SEC. Forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Tuesday, May 4, 2010. Extra Space Storage assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future because of changing market conditions or other circumstances. I would now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
Spencer Kirk: Hello everyone. Thank you for joining us today. With me are Kent Christensen, our Chief Financial Officer and Karl Haas, our Chief Operating Officer. Since we spoke in late February economic recovery appears to be gaining more stem as does our property performance. As I noted in both the second and third quarters of last year, we began to see concerns of bottoming out, what we were reluctant to call an inflection point. Expense did not indicate a V shape rebound and given our (inaudible) visibility we were not ready to found the all clear bell. Several quarters later improving operating as business fundamentals have persisted and must be acknowledge. In the first quarter we report a net $0.19 of FFO per share, street rates are up, occupancy is up and that again shows income is up. Weve improved our balance sheet and occupancy and use of cash. It is worth to note that during this quarter we completed and brought online one state of the art development project which property along the remainder of the development pipeline and existing lease of assets combined to add an incremental $0.24 to $0.27 of FFO to our earnings over the next 45 years. I made it clear during the downturn the storages recessionary symptom not recession proof. We see further evidence of this hypothesis based on the performance of our portfolio. The storage in the first quarter help us the economy concerns. We are eager to see the boost in sub stores demand from improvements in job growth, the (inaudible) in housing markets and continually rising consumer settlement. This is why (inaudible) recovery is back to recession level. However we are confident that our high quality portfolio of advanced operating platforms and better development pro have lack of new self-storage of supply will provide a base for solid results going forward. Let me now turn the call over to Karl Haas to set operations.
Karl Haas: Thanks Spence. Overall we are pleased with the way our platform has performed in the first quarter. Our same store performance was solid given the operating conditions with same store net operating income down just 0.3% from the same time last year compared to down 4% in the fourth quarter of 2009. Revenues were down only 1% year-over-year versus minus 6.9% in the fourth quarter. Our same store expenses were down 2% driven by lower utilities, property taxes and insurance. Receivables continued to try under historic lows. We gained 1.8% in same store occupancy delta mostly from the impact of lower vacates which were down 8.5% from the first quarter of 2009. This compares very favorably to the 1.1% delta in December 2009. This has been the trend we have observed over that last 12 months are we are watching carefully as we enter a busy season. New rentals were down a bit year-over-year, mostly due to a slow February which was driven by bad weather in East Coast. In April, we have seen a welcome pickup with a 6% increase in rentals over 2009. Revenues have improved significantly from our year-over-year low your down on this 5% in September 09 and we have increased positive year-over-year revenue delta improvement, weve seen increase year-over-year revenue delta improvement each month since and street were asking rates are now up 7% over last year. We continue to find the tools and analytics that allow us to test pricing and optimizer yield. We are achieving growth in rates and occupancy while offering price and flexibility to our customers, meaning that we are pricing based on the channel. Additionally, weve continued to implement our existing customer rate increase program. We are still seeing no material increase in move out through due to these rate increases. At our national sales centers which is now been employees over a year, we continue to meet or exceed our initial performance or expectation. We continue to improve our personnel and approach to handling call which is resulting in improved conversion rates month after month. We dont mean to drag but our NSC sales people do an excellent job and I want to invite of you to call them and put them to the test. Just make sure you have a credit card ready when you call, youll find a knowledgeable and aggressive sales team in place as good if not better than the call centers of any of our competitors. We believe that our call center is a competitive advantage that will help Extra Space drive our performance over time and will continue to get even better. As Spencer said, the turnaround of our business is promising as the economy continues to stabilize, but we strongly believe that it results to a function of our robust operating platform, our technology, our scale, our superior location and our driving of the basics of the business. As you know we emphasize the revenue management program, the quality and training of our people and constant focus on technological innovation to make the business even more efficient. And now Id like to turn it over to Kent.
Kent Christensen: Thanks. Last night, we reported FFO including the diluted impact of our development program of $0.19. This was $0.02 ahead of the top end of our guidance range. Property performance, tenant insurance, interest costs and G&A all contributed to our earnings coming at ahead of our estimate. During the quarter, we close in our previously announced 19 property Harrison Street joint venture which assumed a $101 million of debt. We also paid off $45.5 million of secured mortgages during the quarter. We have a $100 million of debt that is maturing in August and we will be using our cash on hand to retire this debt. We are also analyzing the balance of our maturities to identify loans with minimal prepayment penalties to further reduce our outstanding debt. Despite the short term dilutive nature of carrying a $100 million in our balance sheet, it affords us security and flexibility. We clearly have term sheets for an additional $106 million in secured financing. As of today, we have a $108 million of cash and $50 million of capacity on our undrawn line of credit, for a total of $158 million. We will continue to put loans on our unencumbered properties to address our remaining 2012 maturities and beyond. We currently have 61 unencumbered fully owned properties on which we can place loans. Out of 70% loan to value in our 7.5 cap rate, we believe we could receive loans in the amount of $236 million on these properties. The acquisitions environment remains stagnant, those very little activity we are looking a potential deals in remain diligent in keeping our pulse on the market. We do continue to see some of the same properties over and over again being marketed. Most of our acquisition discussions involved new lease up type assets. We are seeing good traction in our third party management business. Weve increased our properties under management by 18 and have a 142 properties in our pipeline. Given the incremental improvement in our business, we are increasing our annual guidance range for FFO to $0.78 to $0.84 per share. The increase is driven by an improved outlook in our same store performance including a higher tenant insurance and lower than expected interest rates. Including tenant insurance, our annual same store range is now negative five to positive one. We also adjusted our same store expense assumption to flat to up to 2%. These changes result in a change in our annual same store analytic items to negative two to a positive 1.5. As visibility for this calendar year continues to improve, we will adjust our forecast accordingly. With that Id like to turn the call back to Spencer.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Kent. Before we go up for a Q&A. First I want to thank you for your interest in Extra Space. We can certainly appreciate it. Secondly, I want thank and complement our excellent team under focused and execution in the first quarter. And confidence they were continued to perform well for the rest of the year. The improvement in our business is that that we believe that the pace of improvement will be steady. Going back to last year, I spoke very clearly about our lack of visibility into the future given the unprecedented financial and economic (inaudible). Up until several weeks ago we remained reluctant to translate the improving trends since more optimistic guidance. Current economic growth from the recent deep recession is approximately one half the growth rates compared to previous recessions. Therefore our internal prognostication tells easy recovery is a decent or more as a (inaudible). Incremental improvement with the broader rate positive slow. Clearly a healthier economic environment will be good for Extra Space and the industry as a whole. Our sizing strategy, our ability to improve occupancy and the lease up of our development properties will provide significant opportunities for growth. We believe our balance sheet, capital flexibility and our joint venture in third-party relationship position us to capitalize on potential growth opportunities. Self-storage business has been a good place to be during the downturn and we are encouraged by our future prospects. We now welcome your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is Michael Bilerman with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Wolf  Citigroup: Hey guys, its actually Eric Wolf here with Michael. And just looking at your guidance now versus when you issued in late February, pretty much every region seems the result and the positive impact effort besides in the increased development dilution youre expecting, is that simply just I mean youre pushing that completion dates or are you expecting a slower lease up as well there?
Spencer Kirk: This is Spencer, Eric. The assumption that weve used on that is that the lease up is continuing but we are seeing that somewhat softer pricing and the market is healing and we hope that the pricing will return to more normal level, but I think the basic assumption as yes it might be slightly slower but the primary reason is the rates are off a bit.
Eric Wolf  Citigroup:
space and --:
Spencer Kirk:
fill up a unit and start patching along, just in customer rate increases as to our :
Eric Wolf  Citigroup: Okay. And it seems like in North East markets are performing better than your West Coast and South Eastern. Just wondering if there is anything from a macro perspective that will explain these and if you think those trends are going to continue?
Spencer Kirk: I think there are a few things that I might offer, number one, the North East with its population, density with the governmental spending with a lot of things that drive the demand for our product. Its to be expected. Whats interesting for us is as you look at the challenged markets like Phoenix, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, The England Empire, other places, there is lot of speculative buildings and not a lot of people to put things and store it a good case in point would be Las Vegas where a lot of homes were built, those homes were never occupied with individuals with real possessions or belongings. When the bus came along, there was no driver for storage. So we like where population is for the real people with real assets and real-life changing events, not the empty homes that dont drive the demand.
Eric Wolf  Citigroup: Alright, thanks for the detail. And just lastly, and you saw the changes  the underwriting standards for banks or like companies over the last quarter, it seems like the other sectors are seeing a narrowing of spreads, just give an increased competition to make new loans. I am just curious whether you are seeing this as well.
Kent Christensen: This is Kent. We are still getting quotes for new loans. But I would have to say that as a whole, those that spreads and things have not tightened, we are still seeing similar kinds of quotes as to what we were seeing six to nine months ago.
Eric Wolf  Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Macquarie. Please proceed with your question.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Thank you. So with the backdrop of further improving operations, and I guess continuing open debt markets, how does that impact your comfort with your current leverage and the possible future equity assurances?
Spencer Kirk: Excellent question Ki Bin, this is Spencer. We have anticipated this question. If I could talk about equity issuance, I would simply offer a little perspective from our philosophy. First of all, as a shareholder and a fiduciary for shareholders, I am really glad that a year-ago when there was intense pressure to issue equity, so we did do so at $6. I also have to say under intense pressure, I was glad that we as a team decided not to issue equity at $10 or $12. And today the fundamental vexing question is this, where would we put that capital to work to the benefit of the shareholders? The acquisitions market as Kent indicated is stagnant and we have been able to in the most difficult economic environment in decades in just 2009 of paying $341 million worth of new financing. And I think Kent talked about a $106 million in new term sheets alone during the quarter on top of the $158 million of capacity in cash and credit that we have today. So for us, if there is an opportunity to put the capital to work, we are interested in issuing equity. But given that the environment is not clear for acquisitions and its not compelling, we consider it daily, we discuss it as management team, its a topic that the Board visits frequently. But we have not been compelled to action and thats kind of how we are looking at it.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: So when you make that decision, would it be driven more by stock price or like you said just now more by possible opportunity, full event?
Spencer Kirk: Being able to put the capital to work.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Thats the primary decision maker?
Spencer Kirk: Yes.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: And I guess would it be safe to assume that given your estimated loan value from unencumbered properties and cash on hand and credit availability, it looks like you got an okay for a couple of years. Is that a reasonable assumption to make that its short of acquisition markets opening up guess probably dont need to issue equity?
Spencer Kirk: We never say never. What I would say Ki Bin is that as we look at storage, we think that storage is a business that cant support a higher leverage ratio. We have a very diversified portfolio, so regionally we are not going to be challenged with operations in 33 states and Washington DC. We have got good geographic diversity. We have over $400,000 customers. In the last 12 months, 275,000 new customers have come to us and we dont subscribe that one debt-to-equity ratio supports all types of real estate product types, storage is not the same as retail, and hospitality is not the same as apartments. Every sector has its own need. And for us, we think that storage can interest and should support a higher leverage ratio. So for us today, given the fact that we are able to get financing on our stabilized assets and we have done so to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars and banks are willing to lend to us, and we have cash on hand. What we would like to do is really see an opportunity materialize or opportunities present themselves that would compel us to say yes, now its the time to go out and issue equity.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Okay. And two very quick questions. What was your total CapEx spend last year and what is it projected to go forward? And second part, what is your delta on your same-store occupancy you put today versus end of the quarter?
Spencer Kirk: I dont have the exact CapEx number. We can provide that to you. But we spend in the range of about $0.35 a square foot on the owned portfolio. We continue to probably spend a little bit more than many of our competitors, because we continue to try to operate our portfolio. And as far as the square foot occupancy delta, I believe we 
Kent Christensen: At the end of the month.
Spencer Kirk: At the end of the month, I believe it was 1.8%.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Alright. Thank you guys.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, good afternoon, Jordan Sadler is with me as well. First, with regard to the same-store forecast, did last quarters initial guidance include tenant reinsurance income, because I just noticed this quarter in the release that the forecast for same-store revenue expenses in NOI includes tenant reinsurance operations. But could it just be a language change, can you just clarify that?
Kent Christensen: This is Kent, Todd. In our press release, from the first quarter, we did not include the tenant insurance and the guidance numbers and this quarter we are. As we are going to review reporting throughout the calendar year, our numbers including in tenant insurance, we wanted to make sure that the guidance that we give at the beginning of the quarter matches what we are going to report at the end of the quarter. And in the first quarter, we did not do that. So you have seen a change in what we have reported in the  as guidance for the rest of the year now.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Is most of the change in revenue growth or in the core or what portion of that is related to the increase in your expectation for tenant reinsurance income?
Kent Christensen: In the current numbers, the difference between the with and without is about 50 basis points on the revenue side. So, for example, our current estimate is a negative 0.5 to 1, without our tenant insurance, it would be a negative 1 to a positive 0.5 or effectively 50 basis points on both the top and bottom end of that range.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. So essentially on an apples-to-apples basis from last quarter, you brought up the bottom end of revenue growth about 50 basis points.
Kent Christensen: That is correct.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, alright, thanks. And then also with regard to the change in guidance, storage is such a short-term business and we spoke just about two months ago or so. And so, I was just wondering what it is in this recovery that makes you feel so confident that the business is recovering. Is there anything that stands out more, any indicators, is it the commercial segment, is it just traffic levels in general or your ability to increase rents right now, what sort of stands out in your mind?
Kent Christensen: All of the above, Todd. If I could put a little color onto that. As I said in my opening remarks, occupancy is up, rates are up, our ability to target the customers improve. And we have in our existing customer rate increases, in the last quarter we passed along our 126,000 rate increases and saw no material move out of those customers. And once again it just points back to the fact that storage is a need based product. And I think general consumers sentiment is improving and people are coming back. I would also say, although the business has bottomed down and is getting better I am not going to say that its robust. We think that we had a great April and we are hoping that May and June will follow the suit, that remains to be seen. So if there is further improvement when we do our Q2 call in late July, we may again revise guidance depending on what we see. But today, I would say operating fundamentals in every sector, in every division of our company have improved. 51 out of 53 divisions reported improved results for Q1, positive results for Q1. 51 out of 53 gives me a lot of comfort that its not isolated. Its a general improvement across all state lines and there are just a couple of cities where we have been challenged.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thats helpful. And then just lastly, I think in your opening remarks, you mentioned that with regard to the three plus management program, you gained I think 18 properties in the quarter. Can you just quantify some of the different elements of the three plus management program or platform and then just talk about your expectations for growing that?
Kent Christensen: Let me just clarify a couple of things. Here to date, we have added 18 new properties. We have got a 142 currently in the system and a pipeline with 90 prospects. Our expectations are high for the three plus program, because most mom and pop operators in this highly fragmented business can benefit from the scale of our programs on the web with national accounts, with a call center thats firing on all 12 cylinders and from our revenue management. And as we have gone out, one of the best things that we have sold is our own property performance and you have seen simple averages for the last 16 quarters. For the last four years on average, Extra Space amongst its peers has turned in the best revenue growth rate and the best net operating income growth rate. And our own performance actually has become one of our best selling tools. And as we look forward to the future, interest is growing and people are becoming more and more convinced that we offer up a solution that they need and want if they are going to optimize the value of their asset.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Some of the services that you provide though, as you add properties, is there a way that you can quantify sort of for us to think about how it can impact your bottom line?
Kent Christensen: It depends, Todd, if I could be honest with you. On one end of the spectrum, if we have one property in the Southern California, its a very profitable business for us, because all of our fixed expenses are largely covered. If we have to add a 100 properties into the system, obviously we need to add a Divisional Vice President, we need to add five or six District Managers, you have got Human Resource, youve got Property Accounts, you have got a lot of overheads that needs to come in. Whether its one property or a 100, however, we believe that it is a profitable business for us. Its a business that we want to be in, its a business that we add value to the customer, and its a business that increases our national footprint and helps us build the brand, so that we can really be effective and efficient on the main marketing channels that drive this business.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Kent Christensen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Paula Poskon with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird: Thank you and good afternoon. The bigger picture question for you. We have been listening to several of the apartment rates report, better than expected earnings and part of a characterization around the improved demand fundamentals is the anecdotal thesis anyway that while we are not seeing job growth per se there is certainly an abatement of the fear of job loss and its causing young people who are camping out on friends couches or in a mom and dads basement to actually get out and create their own households. Do you think that? Should that be true? Is that a good thing or a bad thing for storage or does it not matter?
Spencer Kirk: I think its a factor Paula. And what I would offer is I think as we have looked at our own property performance and how the vacates that were so prominent announced a year-ago how that has largely abated, I would say that thesis holds some true. But once again, its just not the younger population, our product which is about 80% individuals and 20% business, and thats remained constant for the last decade, here at Extra Space anyway. Our business cuts across all age classes and across all social economic strata and so life changing events for people that are young, middle aged, and even aged. And its those elements that drive our business. Yes, the apartment thesis from those folks, yes, its an element, but I would say that its the primary driver. Ours is a need based product with life changing events being the core component of why people check into storage units.
Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird: And what you are you hearing from your small business tenants? Are they more inclined to want to stay or are you getting more  are you see more demand from new businesses coming in? Whats happening on that piece of the business?
Karl Haas: This is Karl. I am yet to say its stabilized early in the recession. We would talk to our field people, we would hear constantly about small businesses, closing our shop, giving up their storage units. We hear much less of that now. I dont know that we have a great influx but the departures they happen probably early in the recession have now abated.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from the line of Christy McElroy with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, (inaudible) here with Christy. A couple of clarifications first. In the first quarter, you raised renewal rent on existing customers site by how much?
Spencer Kirk: Somewhere in the range of 5% to 8%.
Unidentified Analyst: 5% to 8% was what went out to stores in terms of renewals and street rents you are saying were up about 7%?
Spencer Kirk: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And did that number accelerate throughout the quarter or did you lead what those kinds of numbers from the GetGo in January?
Spencer Kirk: Pretty much consistent through the quarter. Remembering that in February the prior year we had done a large rate increase. So the percentage kind of fluctuated a little bit in February.
Unidentified Analyst: And geographically where are you pushing rents the most and where are you getting  where are you the most conservative right now?
Spencer Kirk: Well, in general, the stronger markets get  the way our system works is the stronger the market the stronger the occupancy, the higher rates are going to be pushed. So it really follows where the markets the strongest. And Maryland, the northeast are the very strong and are getting probably the highest street rate increases. And California, Las Vegas, Phoenix, Florida are at the other end of the spectrum.
Unidentified Analyst: And what you are doing on concession activity, is it still generally a month dollar (inaudible) the first month across the board?
Spencer Kirk: Yes, more first month for it.
Unidentified Analyst:
Right, have you started --:
Spencer Kirk: No, we dont collect that dollar, which probably hurts us but 
Unidentified Analyst: Have you started pulling that away or do you think thats just a (inaudible).
Spencer Kirk: I think its a (inaudible). We really have not  we adjusted a little bit seasonally but very little.
Unidentified Analyst: And I thought I heard, Spencer, I thought you said quote, We had a great April in 51 out of 53 districts that post positive Q1 results. What are you referring to when you say positive? What was positive in those 51 of the 53 districts?
Karl Haas: Let me clarify because that came from  this is Karl, it came from me. Its 51 of the 53 districts, company for the first quarter; their delta in net rental income improved in the first quarter over the fourth quarter of 2009. So we saw movement in the right direction. It does not mean that we had positive growth in 51 of the 53 districts.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, so lot of that was seasonality?
Karl Hass: No, thats year-over-year delta.
Unidentified Analyst: Oh, that was a year-over-year. Okay, so you saying you had positive same-store revenue growth year-over-year in 51 out of 53 districts?
Karl Haas: No. We punish you to gawk here. No 
Unidentified Analyst: Thats why I am asking.
Karl Haas: Lets pick a market. If the delta in any market, lets say Boston was minus 1.6 in the fourth quarter of 2009, in the first quarter of 10, it was positive 0.3. So we had an improvement from minus 1.6 to positive plus 0.3.
Unidentified Analyst: All right, I am listening now I think. Let me turn to the financing side real quick. I was a little surprised to hear that you are not seeing better spread growth versus where you were six months because that is certainly not the case in the major property type trust commercial real estate, and would suggest that lenders are not in romance with self storage as they are with the property type. What are you seeing on the CMBS front, now that we are seeing some new CMBS lending, are you getting term sheet from Wall Street?
Kent Christensen: Yes, this is Kent. I guess I would  in that this product type was able to get loans throughout the whole period of the last 12 to 18 months. I would think that our property type was been a little more consistent and so the fact that you are not seeing spreads come down is more a reflection of that they didnt go way up a year ago and its more in line with where the market has been over a longer term basis. So thats my guess as to why I was always a little  I didnt understand how come a year ago we were not getting much higher spreads on the quotes we were getting from our banks than we were getting. So the fact that they are still similar where they are today is not too surprising to me. On the CMBS side, we havent had contacts with a number of banks. To deal with CMBS loan, we are actually working through a process of getting some properties through some CMBS lenders to find out exactly what the exact terms and conditions would be. About the quotes that we have been given from the people that we are talking to and these are the sales people, these are not actual term sheets yet, we would be in the high fives to the low sixes based on what the length of time is that we would want to lock in the loans, if they were 5, 7, or 10 years. It would be some kind of a spread over the applicable treasuries. But the total (OEM) interest, fixed interest rate would be for that period of time like I said in the rounds  high fives, low sixes.
Unidentified Analyst: What kind of spreads you are seeing, are we talking what 250 over?
Kent Christensen: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Generally speaking, okay. And then, finally, Spencer, I was frankly a little stunned to hear some of your comments on the balance sheet in response to Ki Bins question about equity. And I think what caught me off guard are a couple of things. Number one, your stock is now trading give or take around 20 times AFFO multiple, which is a 5% AFFO yield. You could take new equity issuance, pay down debt maturities, add 5% to 6%, you got plenty of them sitting on your balance sheet and it would actually be neutral to accretive to FFO and delever the company. So I am a little surprised to hear you say you wouldnt put it work and once you had opportunities but I am staring your balance sheet and see a world of opportunities.
Kent Christensen: This is Kent. Your question is very good. That assumes that the investment banks that we would do businesses wouldnt charge us any fees for doing the transaction. So your bank is willing to help go down that path and that would be an accretive transaction for so. So those are  what you have describe are the kind of discussions that we have here, and with the stock spiking in the last two weeks, it has had a little more interesting scenarios for what it is we might be able to do. But the discussion that Spencer had was and what he was proposing was over the last 18 months, most of our discussions have been about doing the equity to pay down debt. Where we are today its a little more opportunistic (period) for us to be able to do other things with where the stock is at. So this was always on the table. Its always an option, its things we are constantly discussing.
Spencer Kirk: Just one another comment. One of the things we need to look at on debt and some of the things that we have got out there is (the fees), look at commissions, underwriting cost, the fees and a lot of other things, and its just not simple black and white. I think I probably can provide a more clear answer on that but a spike or a recent surge over the last two weeks makes things interesting but we need to see some real stability before we pull a level on something like that.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Smedes Rose with KBW.
Smedes Rose  KBW: Hi, have answered most of mine. But I just wanted to ask you on the tenant reinsurance, what is the penetration now I guess of customers paying that and kind of where do you think it can go over the next couple of years?
Spencer Kirk: Its currently in the mid-to-high 50s. We are on 57%. We are hoping that it will top out around 100%. We dont know we are at 50  its certainly the rate of growth has slowed. We are still making though every month increases in our overall penetration.
Smedes Rose  KBW: Where was it about a year ago then?
Spencer Kirk: It was probably  I dont remember, it was probably below. I think our goal for 2009 was to hit 50, and we exceeded it sometime in the  I think in the latter half of the year.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Michael Knott with Green Street Advisors.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Hey, Spencer, I heard a lot of commentary today about appraising occupancy in the storage business and you guys have also always been very focused on increasing rates of existing customers. I am just curious, I think about whats the right trade off of those two items when it comes to sort of an average target occupancies, say it for a full year. I think you guys were maybe 85% for the full year of 08. I am just curious if you think 85% is the right number to maximize revenues or is it higher? Curious your thoughts on that.
Spencer Kirk: My thoughts are these. Number one, our goal is to maximize revenue and there are several theories how to do that. For us here at Extra Space, I would simply suggest that we believe and we are testing using data for the last decade plus the data that we are generating daily here, that occupancy rates at the property is somewhere between 85% and 90% likely will yield maximum revenue. And we just gone through a severe upheaval economic lay in the industry and we are going to rebuild a database and compare it against older information that we have got data and hopefully come up a conclusion to the thesis that we have been studying here at Extra Space. But overall the goal is to figure out where we need to be to maximize revenue. Its not pick an occupancy and manage to that necessarily today or to pick some price point, manage that. What we want to do is maximize revenue, thats the bottom line for us and the top line.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: And also, you said street rates were up 7%. I just want to make sure that that  is that a year-over-year figure?
Karl Haas: This is Karl, yes it is.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: And would you happen to have the comparison of street rates versus in place rents, both at 3.31  2010 and the year prior?
Karl Haas: We dont go into the details of that but I will tell you that the gap has dramatically closely. Last year we were concerned about that gap, right now its more at historical levels and we really dont  we are not concerned about it anymore.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: To be clear on the rental activity, February was bad enough to drag down the entire quarter. So I guess another way of saying it was January and March similar to April?
Karl Haas: January was slightly down, but March was flat and April was up.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Okay, so its really kind of March and April is kind of the period where rental activity has improved?
Karl Haas: Yes.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Or was it just factor 
Karl Haas: Sales last year was especially in April.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Is that a fact just of easy comps or do you expect that trend to continue as you go through the year?
Karl Haas: April last year was a very, very bad month. So I have to admit that April was probably an easier comp.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Spencer Kirk: This is Spencer. Thank you for your participation today. We will look forward to our next quarterly conference call with you, and again we appreciate your support and interest in Extra Space.
Operator: This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-03 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  Spencer Kirk  President Kent Christensen  EVP & CFO Karl Haas  EVP & COO James Overturf  Director Risk Management 
Analysts:  David Toti - Citigroup Christy McElroy - UBS Securities Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets  Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Capital Market Paul Adornato - BMO Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors 
Presentation: 
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Extra Space Storage third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. James Overturf of Extra Space Storage.
James Overturf: In addition to our press release we have also furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements address matters which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those discussed today. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements related to Extra Space Storages development and acquisition programs, revenues, NOI, FFO and guidance.  We encourage all of our listeners to review a more detailed discussion related to these forward-looking statements contained the companys filings with the SEC. These forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, November 3, 2009.  Extra Space Storage assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future because of changing market conditions or other circumstances. Id now like to turn the call over to Spencer Kirk.
Spencer Kirk : Hello everyone, thank you for joining us. With me today in Sault Lake City are Kent Christensen, our CFO and Karl Haas, our Chief Operating Officer. In the third quarter we earned $0.23 of FFO which was in line with our estimate. We narrowed our same store properties variance throughout Q3 as vacates decreased materially and new rentals were flat compared to last year.  Also our asking rents have come back nicely from their lows in February and March. In October positive rental activity and pricing trends have continued which is a good sign for the business and gives us a sense of guarded optimism as we finish the year and head into 2010. Extra Space continues to be a company committed to growth. We opened eight development properties in California, Florida, and Oregon and we are on track to open seven more before year-end. These properties are an excellent source of future earnings growth for Extra Space. Our management program, marketed S3 Plus, continues to make progress attracting third party owners to the Extra Space brand and operating platform, adding 47 properties this year with many others in the pipeline.  The addition of these development and management properties has helped us increase our scale by 10% since Q3 of last year. During the quarter we also continued to strengthen our balance sheet by closing on $114 million of secured financing.  In October we closed on another $13.1 million and we expect to close an additional $67 million by the end of the quarter for a total of $80 million in secured financing in Q4. At this time we have current cash on hand and credit line availability to repay all debt maturities through the first quarter of 2012. Id now like to turn the time over to Karl Haas, our COO to discuss operations in further detail. 
Karl Haas : Thanks Spencer, when looking at our operational performance for the fourth quarter we see signs that our business is stabilizing where same store occupancy ended the quarter at 84.2%, which is only 1.4% below last year.  At the end of the second quarter our same store occupancy variance was 2.7%. So we were able to improve the year over year delta by 130 points and the variances continue to improve even through October.  During the quarter our same store revenue and net operating income was impacted by the low asking rates from earlier in the year. Same store revenue decreased 4.5% and net operating income decreased 6.2%.  In the past three months our same store revenue decrease though has decelerated and flattened out. Expenses were again held in check and decreased by 1.2%. Our controllable expenses notably payroll, have been consistently below last year.  Most of this reduction is due to what we call right staffing or becoming more efficient in how we staff our properties and limit our overtime hours. Our average street rate for asking price has rebounded from February and March. Though weve seen improvement in street rates, it will take a while for lower rates to burn through the system. How fast they do depends on a combination of the strength in ongoing street rate, the new rental activity and the stickiness of our existing customer rate increases. We feel better where our business is now then in early August, and much, much better then we felt in April. A couple of interesting operational data points from this year that Id like to share. The first is a turnaround in move outs. From July, 2008 through March, 2009 vacate activity was up by 5% to 10% per month when compared to the previous year.  In April the trend reversed and has been moving lower. In Q3 move outs compared to last year were down 6.5% or approximately nine per property. Now we dont think this is a long-term trend, that would be nice, but simply a return to more normalized levels of move out activity.  This move out trend combined with rentals holding their own continues to have a positive impact on occupancy. The second data point is our percentage delinquency and bad debts. These numbers remain at historically low levels and have decreased annually since 2007.  This experience is in stark contrast to what weve heard many other real estate companies discussing during the recession. A lot of this has to do with management of problem accounts but mostly its due to our customers financial and emotional attachment to the items they store. The attachment that our customers hold for their items that are stored at our properties is a key element to driving length of stay as well as the ability to pass along rate increases. Now we believe that staying on top of technology and innovation is one of Extra Spaces differentiators.  Our national sales continues to improve both in the areas of call quality and the close rate. We believe there is still room for improvement but we are happy we made the move to an internal call center.  We have seen similar improvement on the internet on both paid and organic search. The major search engines are constantly changing their bidding logic and search algorithms so we have to react quickly or risk losing out on potential opportunities.  We consider the call center and the internet perfect environments in which to dynamically test pricing and marketing strategies. This testing has proved invaluable to us this year. It doesnt make this year any less painful, but the learning will greatly enhance our ability not only to weather the remainder of this and any future downturn but to capitalize on increasing opportunities throughout the recovery.  With that Id like to turn it over to Kent Christensen, our CFO.
Kent Christensen : Thanks Karl, in the third quarter we achieved $0.23 of FFO including $0.02 per share of development dilution. Year to date weve earned $0.76 of FFO. Adjusting to exclude the charge for winding down our development pipeline of $0.22 per share, the gain from debt repurchases of $0.30 per share and then adding back $0.02 from non-cash interest related to our exchangeable notes, we have earned $0.71 of adjusted FFO. During the quarter we paid back $126 million of loans and closed seven loans equaling $114 million. Our 2009 total new financing now stands at $290 million. Id like to recognize our treasury, finance, and legal team for all of the hard work in getting all of these loans done.  As of today we have $108 million of cash, $50 million of capacity on our undrawn credit line with Banc of America, for a total of $158 million. We anticipate closing an additional $67 million worth of loans by year end and would leave us an estimated $225 million of capacity. We continue to put new loans on our unencumbered properties to address our remaining 2012 maturities and beyond. We currently have about 53 unencumbered wholly owned properties on which we can place loans.  The total estimated loan amount we could get on these properties is $190 million assuming the 70% loan to value in the 7.5 cap rate. Our next large maturity is $100 million CMBS loan due in August of next year. Again it is important to note that with the exception of one covenant on our undrawn $50 million line of credit with B of A, none of our debt has any corporate level covenants.  We completed eight development projects during the quarter at a total cost of $91 million. We anticipate opening another seven properties in the fourth quarter and then seven properties in 2010. Our development properties will yield $0.20 to $0.25 of incremental earnings.  As a hole, lease up activity on these properties has been in line with our historical averages though the rental rates are less then what we originally projected on many of the properties. We continue to work on the loan assumption for our Harrison Street joint venture and still anticipate this transaction getting completed in the fourth quarter. Though acquisition opportunities are scarce at this time, our acquisitions team is keeping their pulse on the market. Due to our record of successful acquisitions, experience and financial flexibility we believe we will be able to execute when strategically attractive opportunities arise.  At this time we estimate earning between $0.19 and $0.22 for the fourth quarter and between $0.89 and $0.92 for the year. We are forecasting same store annual top line growth to be between negative three to negative four including tenant insurance.  For further assumptions on our guidance please refer to our earnings press release. And with that Id like to turn the call back to Spencer.
Spencer Kirk : Thanks Kent, before we begin Q&A, Id like to make a few closing comments. This year has been very challenging to say the least. Our guidance reflects our limited visibility into the future but we are starting to see stabilizing in the operating trends.  The worst case scenario that was not out of the realm of possibilities in August failed to materialize. It appears our operating fundamentals are on the mend. Through all that has happened in the previous 10 months we believe we have made the right decisions to maximize the performance of our properties, maintained financial flexibility and even grown the portfolio.  On the operation side of the business we have priced and marketed our properties to maintain occupancy and maximize revenues, we have implemented and brought to speed an industry leading call center and we have done an excellent job of controlling expenses.  On the financial front we have strengthened our balance sheet, we have repurchased debt at a discount, and we have made the difficult move of terminating our development program. And we have continued to grow our national footprint through opening best in class development properties and adding properties to our 3 Plus management program. There have been many analyst notes lately discussing the bottoming in property performance fundamentals of different REIT sectors. Though we are reluctant to call a bottom in self-storage, we are seeing signs of stabilization including a turnaround in move outs, improved rental activity and strength in pricing. These are all positive signs for the business. The entire Extra Space team is focused on capturing every sale, being diligent on cost control and looking for ways to intelligently grow the business. We look forward optimistically to the end of 2009 and what the future holds for Extra Space and the self-storage industry.  With that, we will field any questions you may have. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of David Toti - Citigroup
David Toti - Citigroup: My first question relates to some of your regional concentrations and I was wondering are you seeing any trends in performance relative to stabilization as it could be connected to housing improvement or overall economic stability of the region, or is there still a pretty big disconnect between those two trends. 
Karl Haas : On the negative side, there is some correlation. Certainly San Bernardino, LA, Florida, the markets where the housing is and Phoenix and Las Vegas where the housing has been a real problem, we are having, we are seeing a lot of stress in those markets and Boston and the Baltimore, DC area, New York continue to do well.  Im not sure its a turnaround in housing thats driving it one way or the other though.
David Toti - Citigroup: Can you share the terms on the construction financing, Im not sure if I missed that. 
Kent Christensen : I didnt give any details about that. What were seeing on the construction financing are terms that have floors, theyre LIBOR based but generally have floors. The floors are between 5.75 and 6.5. The terms are anywhere from three to four years, three years with a one year extension.  Were getting 65% loan to value. And the appraisals are coming in as far as establishing the cap rate, appraisals are coming in and then were having to negotiate what each of the individual banks as to what the cap rate might be. But were in the high sevens low eights on cap rates, on the negotiation with banks. Theres obviously no sells to be able to really tie appraisals to, so its a negotiation with the bank. 
David Toti - Citigroup: And then are there any plans to push rents in the existing customer base, I know youd sort of held off on that for a bit. 
Karl Haas : Actually we have, weve continued to increase the existing customers all through the last, through the whole recession. We did have, we still do have some governors where if the existing customers rate gets too far out of line, the street rates, that we might not increase those tenants. But overall we continue to increase existing customers and as mentioned in my narrative, that we are seeing actually reduced vacates. So we havent seen a negative reaction to existing customer rate increases. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy - UBS Securities
Christy McElroy - UBS Securities: Just another question on the rents, you talked about existing customer rents but I think you mentioned in your comments that youre seeing an improvement in street rates, can you sort of quantify what happened with street asking rents in Q3 versus Q2 and what percentage of your assets would you say that you raised asking rents versus lowered them sequentially. 
Karl Haas : Im not sure I have a breakdown of what we raised. In general we raised almost everywhere. We felt that we had some opportunity, as we seen the positive move in occupancy we had felt better about being able to more our street rates up. We are being flexible as far as giving some off that rate if we need to to get the rentals.  But in general we found that weve been able to push the rates and continued to make occupancy gains. 
Christy McElroy - UBS Securities: How much have you been able to push them by.
Karl Haas : Three to four percent. 
Christy McElroy - UBS Securities: Over Q2. 
Karl Haas : Yes. 
Christy McElroy - UBS Securities: And then just focusing on your tenant reinsurance income, this has obviously been a growing business for you for a couple of years now since you started pushing it more proactively and it continues to have a pretty meaningful impact on your same store growth numbers, what percentage of your customers now buy insurance from you and what do you see as sort of a frictional level such that you could see a leveling off of that line. 
Karl Haas : Its north of 50% and we, certainly the rate of growth has slowed down. We have north of 90% of our customers, new tenants coming in take it. But some of those people cancel out after some period of time, possibly after the first month.  And so we dont see the rate of growth to be, were starting to hit, I think were starting to hit the stabilized rate level.
Christy McElroy - UBS Securities: You increased your guidance for the year for that line, why do you think its coming in better then expected. 
Karl Haas : Because of the trends, weve grown it throughout the year and so were still well above the prior year. We just dont see it, itll be above the prior year but the gap will get smaller and smaller. 
Christy McElroy - UBS Securities: And then just your same store NOI guidance for the full year is for a decline of negative 4 to negative 6%, thats a pretty wide range for an annual number given that you already have about basically 10 months under your belt, can you frame that forecast in the context of sort of best case and worst case scenarios for Q4 and what could potentially go wrong between now and year end that the bottom end of that range is a possibility. 
Kent Christensen : If you look in our press release most of our numbers are rounded to whole numbers, four to six, so the negative 6% for the calendar year was a rounding of a worst case scenario from our perspective that got you to a negative six. It would be pretty dire set of circumstances that would allow us to get to a negative six which is the number that we put in our theme.  The more realistic probability is between a minus four and a minus five, rounding up to a minus six. And to get to a minus five, youve got to be down in the negative five for the quarter, have your expenses 3% increase for the quarter which puts you at a negative nine for the quarter and that puts you at about a little over a 5% for the year, 5.3 or 5.4.  Thats kind of our, what we envision today to be our worst case scenario and that means our expenses have to go up 3% for the quarter which right now as youve seen for the first nine months of the year weve been able to hold them pretty flat. So that reflects that we dont know whats going to happen with property taxes exactly and thats our wildcard in the fourth quarter, is our property taxes. 
Christy McElroy - UBS Securities: So realistically its more like a 4 to 5% decline.  
Kent Christensen : Thats correct. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets 
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets : On the expenses youre starting to anniversary on some of the more difficult expense comps, how much room do you think you have to cut expenses further and what areas would you focus. 
Kent Christensen : You mean starting into next year or for this quarter.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets : Yes going into, well this quarter and then into 2010 mostly though.
Kent Christensen : Its probably a question Karl and Ill both answer, for this quarter we would see the continued trends that weve seen for the year. Obviously our property insurance costs are going to be down from what they were a year ago. Our utility costs are flat. Our payroll costs we continue to see them being down this year.  So for this, as I said in the last answer, what the wildcard is tenant property taxes and we are not aware of any, we have not been given any notifications for many of our jurisdictions of any substantial changes in property taxes. We just dont, that could happen, and so thats why were unsure as to what the property tax number will be. With that Ill let Karl speak to what he sees happening next year.
Karl Haas : I think weve had especially in the last four quarters, is some very aggressive controlling of expenses. Nothing that would negatively, I think repairs and maintenance weve held at really normal levels. So we havent impacted the assets but certainly have squeezed payroll through our right staffing which we think was the right thing to do and we were in the process of doing it no matter what.  We think we, but we really dont see a lot more opportunity to squeeze those expense dramatically. This year weve and year over year, weve really had a benefit last year we got hit hard with utilities and this year were back to, weve kind of gotten it back which is good. But I dont see us, I think were down in this quarter like 8 or 9% on utilities and the year 3 or 4%.  Were probably not going to repeat that next year. So its going to get tougher and tougher and as I said before and our way out of this is through revenue. Not going to be, theres only so much we can do with expenses. 
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets : And then regarding your development properties, you increased the expected dilution by about half a million for the year, and I was just wondering if you could talk about the lease up strategy at some of those properties to get them stabilized. I notice that some of the projects that were completed in 2008 theyve increased occupancy from 2Q, and seemed to be doing well. But a number of the 2006 and 2007 developments seem to be going backwards perhaps and I was just wondering if you could talk about the different vintages and whats going on. 
Kent Christensen : Our development properties Id have to characterize as the ones that are opening now and leasing up are all exactly the same as what has been going on for the 10 years that Ive been in the self-storage business. Were seeing lease ups at properties that are by far exceeding our expectations. We have a property in California that opened in Santa Clara thats rented 250 units in four months.  But then we have properties that are way behind our expectations which is as I stated similar to what weve seen on the 10 years Ive been in self-storage. We have some that go fast and some that go slow. But as I said in my prepared remarks it appears that on balance theyre all leasing up at about the same pace in total as what weve seen historically. Were not seeing any substantial change in that. The rental rates that were getting are down from what we had anticipated so we are charging less. So the NOIs on these properties if they lease up at the current pace will be behind what we had originally anticipated but that reflects the current market conditions and we think that long-term were going to be in a really good spot on these properties because nothing else is opening up anywhere in the United States.  So once the economy does turn around, were going to be able to get rental increases on these properties that are probably going to outpace many of our other properties because of them being, theyre brand new properties that are in great locations and long-term I think theyre going to do very well.  So other then that I specifically talked about the different pools, it would be a property by property discussion about whats happening but I think its better on this call just to characterize everything in general and total which is what I think what I said is, I think were on pace to doing on average what weve seen historically. 
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets : And just lastly can you talk about some of your markets a little bit more, you say Northern California and Texas where your properties seem to be outperforming within your portfolio and do you attribute the performance to your specific assets in those markets or just the geographies in general. 
Karl Haas: I dont think its the assets, I think it is markets and theres certain markets that and I dont think were any different then anybody else, Phoenix, Atlanta, West Palm Beach, are certainly the worst markets and theyre definitely, the Atlanta is the one thats kind of snuck up on us a little bit and theres seem to be a lot of things going wrong in Atlanta right now. But I dont really think it relates to the assets because we have managed assets that are also struggling there. LA is a big market for us and its one that we havent, we dont know that its hit bottom yet. Some of these other markets we feel like weve hit bottom and were really starting to rebound, Im not sure, I wouldnt bet on LA and really when you get out and Northern California youve got a little bit of that too, especially when you get further out in Central Valley and those areas, theyre still struggling. The good markets, were really pleased with what were seeing in the Baltimore, DC market, Boston is going in the right direction, and kind of the whole Northeast. Were really pleased in those markets. Hopefully that tells you what you were looking for. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: I apologize if I missed this, did you mention how the portfolio performed in October. 
Karl Haas : I alluded to it. We dont want to overreact to it but we have seen sort of a bottoming out in August and September and October got better and were seeing, weve very pleased with what we saw in October. 
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Can you maybe be a little bit more descriptive, was it rental activity picking up, was it rates stabilizing, or was it a combination. 
Karl Haas : Rentals were actually positive but theres a quirk in the months in that it had five weeks, five Saturdays this year versus four so we dont want to get too carried away with that. But weve been seeing rentals being flat and vacates are continuing that same trend of being well below the prior year.  Really since April, I guess since May, weve had positive net rentals, that our net rentals have been improved over the prior year every single month consistently and pretty significantly and weve, as weve said earlier we bottomed out in April at about minus 3.1% negative delta in occupancy and were getting pretty close to being even with last year.  Its getting better. 
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: You talked a good deal about renewals, what is the mark-to-market right now on new leases signed versus out of expiring. 
Karl Haas : Theres still a negative gap and there probably will be for a while. Were more interested in making sure that were getting the rentals and moving occupancy and were going to continue to do that and at the same time were increasing existing customers so theres going to be that phenomena of the existing, but the gap is closing because weve been able to move street rates. 
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets:  Any estimates as to the size of that right now, any numbers behind that. 
Karl Haas: Its below what it was at the end of the second quarter.
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Then finally I guess more of a little bigger picture question, with the down sizing of the joint venture there can you talk about how you feel about the overall leverage of the portfolio and where you expect, whether you expect to deleverage that further or youre comfortable with the leverage at this point. 
Kent Christensen : The overall leverage right now is at a level that we think is sustainable meaning that we dont think our balance sheet is at risk. We feel that way because of all of the loans weve been able to get accomplished this calendar year and one of the, what could be characterized as one of the most difficult credit environments that weve all seen and weve been able to roll our debt.  So we think that from the perspective of our balance sheet being, having a problem because of the debt thats rolling we think weve taken care of that so now its a discussion about what the right level of debt should be.  And when we look at the different alternatives of delevering, many of those we think have a lot of negative consequences to them and so at, from a long-term perspective we would like to bring our debt level as a percentage down but we want to do that in a form and fashion that seems to make sense for the long haul and for the long-term.  So at appropriate times well be taking steps to bring the debt levels down but it wont be big chunks and it wont be dramatic actions. Its going to be small little steps to help us bring our debt level to a smaller amount. 
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Then finally, youre still out of the acquisitions markets, correct.  
Kent Christensen :  We have not acquired, weve done one acquisition this year and weve got possibly one acquisition of a joint venture or a partner that we have that we might be buying a property but as far as third party acquisitions out on the street, were not seeing any activity of any distressed properties at all. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Capital Market
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Capital Market: Just going back to you comments about property taxes, could you just remind us why is there some vagueness between what you expect to pay. 
Kent Christensen : Generally what happens on the property taxes is that in the second half of every calendar year is when we get most of the statements from our jurisdictions as to what the property taxes are going to be and thats when we get the notification as to actually what the number is.  Not all jurisdictions are that way but the vast majority of them come in the second half with the majority of them being in the fourth quarter. And so thats we always are a little hesitant to say what our fourth quarter numbers are going to be based on those estimates, based on those actual numbers that we get. So we know were going to be getting notifications from the different jurisdictions in this quarter and when that happens we have to adjust our actual property taxes for this calendar year based on the number that we actually get. And so thats why there are generally true ups that occur in the fourth quarter and then it gives us the indication of what were going to be projecting for next year. So thats why were a little hesitant to say exactly what it is. 
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Capital Market: And is there typically a lot of volatility in what you pay one year versus the next. 
Kent Christensen : There can be, yes. Historically there has been some volatility and thats why were a little hesitant to say that there wont be any this year and this year with the overall economy it would make sense that there are going to be cities and counties and jurisdictions out there trying to find ways of getting property tax increases.  So we would be expecting those kinds of things to happen but as I stated earlier, we have not seen anything yet. 
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Capital Market: More broadly speaking given your positive commentary about your rentals being flat versus last year and traffic improving versus last year, so why arent we at a bottom in self-storage fundamentals. What keeps you reluctant from, I guess whats the risk in calling a bottom.
Spencer Kirk : The risk in calling bottom is we have a really nice data point in October and I would not want to prognosticate and say that that is a trend that is rock solid today. We are guarded in our optimism and we think that what we have been doing is making a difference and that the life changing events that drive demand for storage continue to happen. Just in Q3 of this year weve rented 75,000 spaces to 75,000 new customers and that leads me to believe that the demand for the product is there. The discretionary user has left but to say that is has bottomed out when weve only got a solid data point from August forward is probably a little premature. 
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Capital Market: On the [inaudible] JV capital, any, can you provide any additional color there, are you seeing more activity and is refinancing, re a JV is that a more likely possibility a going forward. 
Kent Christensen : With our current joint venture partner, Harrison Street, the reason we are continuing on the process with Harrison Street is because they do have cash and they want to do more acquisitions and so as opportunities come up, we think that they could be a partner that we could use some of their cash in doing appropriate acquisitions.  That being said we are continually getting phone calls from people to do joint ventures but Id have to characterize most of those individuals who call us as very opportunistic kind of money. Theyre expecting very high rates of return and anticipating substantial amount of distress in the self-storage space.  And without seeing that kind of stress in the self-storage space the kind of joint venture, the people who are calling us I dont imagine were going to be doing many joint ventures with those kind of people because I dont think we can generate the kind of returns that they would expect.  So there is money out there but its expecting to get a pretty high rate of return. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Adornato - BMO
Paul Adornato - BMO: You mentioned that you were able to rein in personnel costs by right staffing the properties and I was wondering if you could talk about that especially in the context of the increasing importance of the internet and your call center, I guess the question is what are the responsibilities now of the folks on staff and how has that evolved over the last year or two. 
Karl Haas : Ill let Spencer maybe follow-up on this but we still believe that our local store manager is as critical as ever. The only thing that weve taken from our local store manager is the first call response. Theyre not answering the call goes, the initial call goes to the call center and the call center because theyre professional call takers, they handle 40 to 60 to 80 calls a day, every single one of them, theyre great at that first initial cold call handling.  And great at closing and its great from the standpoint of us being able to measure effectiveness of their closing and handling the call and also us being able to better measure traffic and those are all very very positive things.  However, ultimately everybody that rents a self-storage unit eventually comes to the site, or almost everybody and those people want to deal with somebody thats pleasant, that feels good about who they work for and that can deal with, thats good with dealing with the public. And so our focus is still on having the best quality managers, people that are motivated.  We put a lot of effort into it and you cant lose sight of the fact that somewhere around 40 to 45% of the people dont go to the internet, dont go to the call center, but first come to the site. And we cant lose sight of that. Thats a big part of our business. And so weve, very much involved our local people in the process and theyll continue to be involved in the process. And what we did with right staffing was not really in response to the call center, but rather just a rationalization of staffing to make sure we had the right level of staffing at comparable stores. 
Spencer Kirk : A comment that I would make is there is a high degree of enthusiasm out in the field for both the call center and the internet because those are two devices were using to drive traffic to the sites and once the traffic arrives at the site, we have an enthusiastic, well trained, happy, motivated employee that is skilled in closing the sale and making sure that that customer doesnt have any reason to go anywhere else.  And so the call center and the internet arent supplanting the job of the site manager rather they are augmenting and providing additional traffic so the individual at the site can do what he or she does best and thats take care of the customer need. 
Paul Adornato - BMO: So just to review if you will, the savings that are coming at the site is coming from simply fewer hours or perhaps turnover
Spencer Kirk : Let me clarify that for you, the right staffing was simply this, if you have two properties that have similar demographics, equal number of units, comparable spaces, and one property is staffed at 80 hours a week and the other one clear across the country is staffed at 88 hours a week, why the difference. All weve done is rationalize what it takes to operate that site intelligently and where we could cut hours we have cut hours and thats the right staffing.  We just need to make sure that were consistent across the platform.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: I just had a couple of points of clarification, you mentioned $0.20 to $0.25 of FFO from new developments, is that from the eight facilities that are already opened or is that including properties that are going to continue to open next year. 
Kent Christensen : That includes the properties that continue to open next year. 
Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: And then you said for the new properties that are, theyre leasing up at a pace that you would have anticipated but at a lower rate, what sort of gap are you seeing relative to what your initial expectations were. 
Kent Christensen : Somewhere between 3, some are very close to what we thought, 3 or 4% down. Some are 10% to 12% down. Id say the overall average is probably 7, 8%. 
Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: And then I think you answered this before, but I just want to be clear, your street rates are currently less then the in place rents, is that correct.
Kent Christensen : Thats correct.
Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: And then finally you mentioned something about the discretionary customers you think have left but it sounds like youre getting some strength in the customer base, so what are you seeing in terms of the customer mix, who is replacing the more discretionary spend customers. 
Karl Haas : I dont think the discretionary customers have left, weve probably lost a larger portion of discretionary customers then non-discretionary customers during that period last year and early this year when we saw higher vacates.  There was a lot of stress, all consumers were feeling stress and so obviously if youre a discretionary user, youre probably more likely to vacate then non-discretionary. We still have lots of people that are discretionary users and we will continue to have those. 
Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: So you mentioned youre not seeing, besides the supply that you are adding, youre not seeing any additional supply in your markets. 
Karl Haas : No, its probably, there are sporadic properties being opened here and there, but in general its probably, this is probably, Ive been doing this for 20 some years and I would say this is probably the lowest level maybe with the exception of 1989 to 1990, probably the lowest level of new properties coming on line that weve had in a long time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: I just want to get at the expense question in a different way, I know its been talked about quite a bit on the call, how would you characterize as you face tougher expense comparisons heading into next year how would you characterize that versus the opportunity for productivity gains whether that be as the call center stabilizes or leveraging the fixed costs around growing the 3 Plus platform. 
Karl Haas : The call center, I think we charged, the properties pay a set amount per month for the call center. We think our call center, we did a pretty good job of estimating what the costs were going to be and its probably going to be pretty comparable next year. I just, I think that the good thing thats going on is that we dont have a lot of vendors feeling that theres strength enough to increase their prices.  And in some cases weve actually been able to identify opportunities where we can squeeze the prices of some of the people providing us services a little bit more. Were also continuing to look for opportunities, theres mailings that we do that we feel and were seeing some opportunities to reduce our mailing costs by getting, taking different approaches.  Were continuing to explore on utilities. Theres a lot of things on the utilities that where were retrofitting properties with, Im not going to bore you with details, but theres the T-12 bulbs and T-8 bulbs and the skinnier bulbs that use a lot less electricity and were going to see hopefully some improved, trying to reduce our consumption of kilowatts and so were working on all angles.  But its going to be tough to make a dramatic impact in reducing our expenses and its, were trying to run our business more intelligently but we dont want to make cuts that are going to actually negatively impact the quality of our customer experience. 
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: And can you talk a little bit about the appetite that youre seeing among the independents for the 3 Plus program, is it waning, is it increasing, is there no real change. 
Spencer Kirk : I think the answer is the interest is growing. The message is getting out. Weve been travelling the country talking to people and as theyve seen the performance weve been able to produce not only in a downturn but just over the last 14 quarters, as weve been able to talk about the efficiencies of the internet and the web and call centers and national accounts, I think enthusiasm is growing, interest is growing and the bulk of the growth that weve had over the last 12 months, the 10% increase in our national footprint, the bulk of that has come through the 3 Plus program. And weve got a lot of activity in the pipeline and were very optimistic that its going to continue to be a growth vehicle into the future. 
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: And some of your peers have pointed to the rapidly rising pricing of the internet search costs, are you seeing that as a driver among the independents to consider a third party management services. 
Spencer Kirk : I think its a factor and for us as we look at the rising costs of being on the internet obviously if we can grow the denominator over which we spread the costs it gives us a greater advantage even with rising prices.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: And can you just give some magnitude about what those rising prices have been recently. 
Spencer Kirk : I cant, I dont know. I just know that they are up significantly. 
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Housekeeping question, what is your expected amount of capitalized interest for the year. 
Kent Christensen : Ive got a schedule right here, I think its about, Ive got to pull up a schedule, so go on to your next question and then Ill answer that. 
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: On the remaining construction pipeline is that fully funded. 
Kent Christensen : Yes it is. Well we say fully funded, theres not very much more actual costs that we have to spend and we have the cash right now to be able to fund those developments and were still trying to get construction loans on those properties, but irrespective of getting any construction loans, we have the money we need to fund those development projects. 
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: And just to follow-up on the earlier question on development dilution, given whats happening with the early vintage properties versus the properties that are still expected to come online next year, how long do you think well still be talking about development dilution. Is it 2013, 2014. 
Kent Christensen : Well when we talk about dilution right now its because the properties that are opened are actually dragging down our earnings. We anticipate that in, by some time the end of 2010 into early 2011, that flips and those properties, the older properties are generating enough net operating income to offset the negative aspect of the ones that are open.  So that its effectively at least break-even if not starting to be accretive. So the dilution is because its negative. At some point we expect it to be positive but then well be talking about the extra amount of FFO thats not in our earnings and that will be there once the properties can get leased up.  But thats going to be for another three to four years before we get the properties that are open fully stabilized. Back to your other question the number that we have in our projections is between $3.8 and $4 million. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Question on the gap between street and in place rents, you mentioned that it had improved compared to 6/30/09 which I think as I recall it was around 15%, could you just maybe give us a sense, is it 10% now, is it just slight improvement.
Karl Haas: Its 2 to 3%. 
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: So its really narrowed a lot. 
Karl Haas : Its gone down 2 to 3%. 
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: So its about 12% now. So it was 15 last quarter. 
Karl Haas : Yes, its probably more like about 12%. 
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: And earlier in the Q&A you mentioned you had pushed street rates about 3 to 4% over 2Q, can you just comment on what the normal seasonal pattern is on that so we can put that in context.
Karl Haas : Yes, wed actually be lowering rates in this timeframe. 
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: And I think earlier in the year you had mentioned during the phase when move outs were much heavier you had mentioned that tenants were very fixated on rates more price sensitive then you had ever seen before, has that changed with the improving move out statistics. 
Karl Haas : Yes, I guess, I dont remember saying that it was, well we obviously really early in 2008 got much more aggressive on rates and weve continued to be aggressive on rates and even now our rates are still below where they were a year ago. So its, wed like in normal situation we would expect to be having rates higher then the prior year not less then the prior year.  So customers are still sensitive to rates. However were finding that we might have been a little bit cheaper or less expensive then we needed to be and weve really worked on trying to push rates and at the same time getting the balance to make sure that were not hurting our goal of increasing occupancy or improving the occupancy delta. 
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: And then just to go back to my last question can you just remind us what that street and in place gap would have been a year ago, at the end of third quarter 2008. It was still slightly negative at that point in time right. 
Karl Haas : The, if youre talking about the in place versus street.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Yes, thats right. 
Karl Haas : Yes it would have been about $13 to $14 and now its more like about $10, $12 to $11.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors:  And then I have a question on the Harrison Street deal
Karl Haas : Just to correct my percentages, I was probably more, it probably dollars not percent, what Im saying of the decrease. 
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors:  On the Harrison Street deal, any inferences that you drew from that whole process of essentially getting re traded in terms of what it may mean for storage values or just appetite for institutional capital with reasonable return expectations. 
Spencer Kirk : My response on that would be a lot changed in the marketplace between early 2009 and fall of 2009. For me yes, some operating fundamentals have decreased and that obviously has some impact but the story of storage extrapolated over a three or a four year period is still very compelling and I think that as we looked at the Harrison Street transaction, there were several reasons to continue to do this transaction, one of which as Kent alluded to is it gives us a nice joint venture partner.  It validates the price point of properties in the market and it gives us an ability to further expand our footprint in the future. So for me the Harrison Street takeaway is an awful lot changed in a very short period of time but we need to stand back and look at the bigger picture.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: And then if you can just tie up some comments you had made on the sales market, I think you had mentioned you had seen a little bit of activity, can you just maybe give us a little color on what youre seeing and do you expect any opportunities to emerge that you might be able to capitalize on in say 2010.
Kent Christensen : The, I said earlier theres been very limited activity on the acquisitions front. The extend and pretend comments of whats going on with CMBS loans, the same thing is taking place with banks, banks and the CMBS lenders are finding ways to extend loans.  Its clear that the self-storage property type is still one of the lowest default property types out there so there are not a lot of distressed opportunities. There have been a few here and there. There have been a few banks that have called us with wanting to sell paper which we have evaluated and made bids on. But once again they are very hit and miss, few and far between. So going into next year we would expect to see a little more of that kind of activity, some distressed properties, some loans that are for sell. The majority of the distressed properties that were seeing are lease up properties, properties that havent reached their stabilization yet but yet the loan is coming due and so the debt service, the NOI is not able to service the debt yet.  And so wed expect to see some more of that next year but were not seeing or not anticipating seeing a substantial lots of self-storage properties that are going to be what we think are going to be hit and miss. 
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: What would be your appetite for taking on leasing risk given that you have some of that already in your development portfolio.  
Kent Christensen : Obviously were a company that can take on leasing risk but its got to be at the right price that meets the objectives of what our cost of capital is and so it would have to be at a purchase price, what makes sense, but if the purchase price makes sense then yes, that would be something that we would be willing to accept in the right markets and for the right locations. 
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: On that same topic how would you underwrite that, what kind of return would you expect, not obviously cap rate but sort of a total return underwriting expectation.
Kent Christensen : Well in todays market we would, that number would be much higher then what it would have been a few years ago. So we would [pro forma] expect to get a much higher rate of return knowing that if the property that youre talking about is in a distressed situation then that means we should try to buy the property at as good a price as we can get. And so we would be trying to buy and try to get the best deal we could get so that would be a very high expectation as far as rate of return. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Spencer Kirk : We appreciate everyones interest. Obviously we look to the forward positive conclusion of 2009 with some guarded optimism and we believe that the fundamentals are beginning to heal and mend and we believe that 2010 will be a solid year for Extra Space. With that Id like to bring the conference call to a close and say thank you for your time today and well look forward to our next earnings call. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Overturf  Director, Risk Management Kenneth M. Woolley - Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer Spencer F. Kirk  President & Director Kent W. Christensen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Karl T. Haas - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors Jordan Sadler  Keybanc Lou Taylor  Deutsche Bank Omatayo Okusanya, II  UBS  
Operator:  Welcome to the fourth quarter 2008 Extra Space Storage Incorporated earnings conference call. My name is Jeri and Ill be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. We will conduct a question and answer session towards the end of the conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Overturf with Extra Space Storage.
James Overturf:  With us today are CEO and Chairman of the Board Kenneth Woolley; President Spence Kirk; CFO Kent Christensen; and CEO Karl Haas. In addition to our press release we have also furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements address matters which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those discussed today. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements related to Extra Space Storages development and acquisition programs, revenues and operating income, FFO and guidance.  We encourage all of our listeners to review more detailed discussion related to these forward-looking statements contained the companys filings with the SEC. These forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, Thursday, February 19, 2009. Extra Space Storage assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future because of changing market conditions or other circumstances. Id now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Kenneth Woolley.
Kenneth M. Woolley : Before I begin commenting on the fourth quarter results I want to talk to you about my upcoming departure from Extra Space Storage. As was announced on February 2nd Ive accepted the opportunity to serve a three year voluntary mission for my church, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. The mission is located in Moscow Russia and will be a great challenge for me and my family.  The invitation to serve this mission came as somewhat of a surprise. This is an assignment, it is not one that you lobby for or apply for, youre sort of asked to serve and as a good Latter-day Saint you really feel obligated to do so when youre asked. Needless to say my departure comes at a challenging time for not only our business but many businesses and this assignment has come after great thought and introspection on my part. The decision was made a lot easier when I considered the team that we have assembled here at Extra Space. Most of our senior management team has been with us for 10 years now. When we merged with Storage USA three and a half years ago we also brought on our team Buck Brown, Karl Haas and [inaudible] which really has augmented our management team. I will still be involved as a non-executive director and will attend board meetings over the phone, I wont be there in person and will be an advisor to the company has needed during the coming years. I hope I can use my knowledge that Ive gained in the last 30 plus years in this industry to continue to help the company. My partner Spencer Kirk has been appointed as our new CEO. Id like you to know a little bit about Spence. I first met him 20 years ago when I joined the board of his company, Megahertz Corporation which he was then CEO of. That company grew from a very small base to over $250 million in sales and 1,500 employees.  His business was in the high-tech world marketing modems for notebook computers. It was a very successful company. The company was taken public in 1993 and it was later merged in to US Robotics Company. At the time, 20 years ago I was 42 years old and Spencer was about 27 and I was amazed at the maturity of this young business man and his ability to lead a group of people much older than he was and bring a company from out of sort of nothing in to the big league. He was very successful in growing the company.  In 1998 after Spencer retired from Megahertz, I twisted his arm to go from high-tech to no tech. After taking a look at Storage and realizing that it had a lot of potential he joined me as my partner. He was my partner really all the way through the last 10 years. He also left for three years and served a mission for our church just about the time we went public in 2004 and hes come back about a year and seven months ago and joined us as our President. Were very happy to have him, hes a great leader, hes a person who understands this business. He was really the person responsible for assembling our management team and most of our high-tech initiatives . I think as you investors get to know him on road shows and in various investor conferences youll have a great deal of respect for his knowledge and his ability. Also, the rest of our management team including Kent and Karl are staying with him and being very supportive of Spencer has he takes the reins. So, as I leave the company which I will actually be leaving to go to Russia around the end of June, Ill officially leave being the CEO on April 1st but Ill be here at the company on and off until the end of June. I feel like Im leaving the company in great hands with a strengthened management and still many great opportunities in the future. With that Im going to turn it over to Spencer to tell you more about the results.
Spencer F. Kirk : For the past decade Ive had the pleasure of being partners with a very capable individual, Ken, as we have sought to build a premier storage company. Ken started this business in 1977 a commitment to excellence. I would say today that tradition continues and as the income CEO leading our very capable management team, we will ensure that Extra Space will have the best properties, the best people and the best processes and technology. Ken, I speak for all of us, we wish you well in your new assignment. We know you will excel and you will have a great and positive impact on all those with whom you have contact. I personally appreciate the support of our board of directors and our team and I look forward to becoming better acquainted with all of you in the coming months. Now, lets take a minute and talk about the fourth quarter. Our stores turned in another positive quarter despite weakening operating fundamentals. We generated $0.37 per diluted share of FFO including a $0.09 gain from our repurchase of $40 million principal amount in exchangeable senior notes. FFO for the quarter included approximately $0.02 of development property lease up dilution and $0.01 in dilution from our sale of common stock in a registered direct placement. Excluding the one-time gain development drag and offering dilution, FFO was $0.31 per diluted share. Thats in line with our estimate for the quarter and about level with the $0.30 we turned in last quarter. It compares with $0.29 for Q4 07. Our stores performed positively showing once again the relative strength of the product type during economic downturns. Same store NOI including tenant insurance income increased 2.5%. Revenues were up 1.4% and our expenses were down .7% compared to last year. For the same year NOI it came in at 3.4% growth with revenue growth of 2.3% and expense growth of .3%. The same store rentals in Q4 2008 were 1.3% higher than in Q4 2007 and they were essentially flat for the year when compared with 2007. Our team is doing an excellent job of controlling expenses and keeping focused on the efficient operations of our properties.  In addition to focusing on the operations of our properties we are concentrating on our upcoming debt maturities and fortifying our balance sheet. Its our top priority. Weve made good progress on the financing front. We have closed a $10 million term loan and a $50 million revolver in the past few days and we are having meaningful discussions with several other banks regarding loans on our unencumbered assets and development projects. Well talk about that in greater detail. As of today, we currently have enough capacity in place to enable us to satisfy all of our debt maturities through September, 2010. Earlier this week our board of directors made the decision to keep the dividend at $0.25 per share for the first quarter. I know this is a hot topic and not a decision we are taking lightly. However, with the progress being made on our debt maturities combined with our current property performance we are comfortable about the level of our dividend at this time. Were watching this on a quarterly basis and as circumstances change then well certainly put all the options back on the table.  I would now like to turn the call over to Karl Haas our Chief Operating Officer who will give you more detail on our property performance and our operations. 
Karl T. Haas : I think the best way to characterize our property performance in the fourth quarter is to say that were hanging in there but the going is tough. Competition is fierce in many areas. Including tenant reinsurance income, same store revenue increased 1.4% and net operating income rose 2.5% for the quarter. For the year revenue increased 2.3% and net operating income was up 3.4%. Excluding tenant reinsurance income same store revenue increased .7% and NOI increased 1.4% for the quarter. For the year revenue was up 1.6% and NOI gained 2.3%. The operations team is doing a great job of keeping a handle on our controllable expenses as our year-over-year growth was minimal. Rentals at our same stores were up 1.3% which is a positive sign considering all the economic distress in the marketplace. Move outs increased 5.8% compared to last year however, we have not seen a spike in move outs in any particular group of tenants including those receiving rate increases and long term customers. As counterintuitive as it sounds we continued to realize increased rates on in place customers without causing materially higher move out levels. We are monitoring this closely for any sign of deterioration. Overall our seasonally occupancy dropped between September 30th and December 31st. In prior years it was approximately 3%, in 2008 that drop in the third quarter was 3.5%, an increase of about a half of a percent. Not surprisingly, rates to incoming customers are lower than this time last year. Self storage just like just about any other product or service these days is on sale with rental rates to new customers down approximately 5%.  Our revenue management team continues to implement strategies utilizing learnings from pricing and discounting tests. In 2008 we ran over a dozen separate statistical pricing studies on over 7,500 customers. The knowledge of our revenue management team combined with our technology system gives us a leg up on the vast majority of the operators in this industry and we will continue to be data driven and disciplined when it comes to our pricing and discounting strategy. We held pricing on our stronger units and properties while lowering our pricing on our lower demand units and in softer markets. Our overall discounting dollars remain at a similar level when compared to last year. Our top performing markets for the year were Chicago, Dallas, Denver, Houston and San Francisco. For the quarter top performers were Albuquerque, Denver, Houston and San Francisco. Our four largest markets Boston, Las Angeles, New York, New Jersey and Baltimore DC had revenue increases between zero and 3% in the fourth quarter. In addition to our pricing and discounting strategies, our new internal call center is helping us make the most out of each potential sales opportunity. Almost all of our 700 properties now have their sales calls going directly to the call center.  We finished the technology and telecommunications roll out faster than we expected and the call center team is now concentrating on proving the closing percentages of sales opportunities. Our representatives sales skills are improving rapidly and we are already seeing higher close rates than we experienced with our third party vendor.  The percentage of our customers using the Internet to shop for self storage is steadily increasing and we responded by making the Internet a very high priority in our overall marketing mix. The Internet lets us cast a wider net since the average online customer drives 20% further than those who rent from other sources of advertising. To this end, we recently entered and won a competition sponsored by Google that enabled us access to resources that fully analyzed and assessed our current website. The recommendations and learning we gained will positively impact our overall conversion rates. When looking out to 2009 we see continued year-on-year erosion in the marketplace and until at least the mid year. At the moment we see that being driven by the supply side. In other words, a continued price competitive environment for new move in customers. As I said, the demand side is hanging in there. That will continue to do so as long as the price is right and that is the budgeting assumption we are using internally. The best strategy we can adopt is to control what we can control. Weve done a good job controlling expenses as evident by our sector leading expense control. Ive already talked about what were doing in the marketing sales technology side. Most importantly and something we cant lose sight of, the operations team is very committed to capturing every sales opportunity providing a quality product at a fair price and giving the best overall service to our customers. In other words the best value in the self storage industry. With that, Id like to turn it over to our CFO Kent Christensen. 
Kent W. Christensen : As I did in the third quarter let me start out by giving an update of where we are with regards to our balance sheet and spending requirements and then Ill get in to our fourth quarter earnings and then Ill get in to our fourth quarter earnings and forward-looking guidance. As of the end 2008 we had approximately $64 million in cash, $93 million in undrawn loan facilities and $73 million of availability on our line of credit with GE for a total capacity of $230 million. Since the end of the year we have drawn an additional $50 million on our credit line with GE, we successfully closed on one term loan of $9.1 million and a $50 million revolver. We have paid off one of our 2009 loan maturities two months early for a total of $74.4 million. By paying off this particular CMBS loan we freed up an additional 20 properties on which we can place debt. We were also able to swap one of our variable rate loans of $64.5 million to a fixed rate of 4.2% for four and a half years. With these adjustments considered, as of today we have cash and undrawn loans of $183 million consisting of approximately $66 million in cash, $44 million in undrawn term and construction loans and $23 million availability on our line with GE and then $50 million of availability on our new revolver.  Our additional 2009 funding requirements consist of one $111 million CMBS maturity. We have a $62 million loan due in June which we can extend for five years, we have four single property loans due later this year totaling $13 million which can be extended until late 2010 and we have a $23 million loan which was due at the end of 2008 which can be extended until December 31, 2010. Our 2010 funding requirements are $169 million with most of that coming due in August of 2010.  With our current capacity we have all maturities accounted for through late August 2010 when we have $100 million coming due. At this point we are making progress obtaining additional financing. We are very encouraged that the loan market is opened to us and that our properties are particularly attractive to regional and local banks who know the markets where these properties are situated. However, this is by no means an easy process. We have contacted banks across the country and are currently having discussions with 40 banks that are interested in self storage product type due to the smaller loan sizes, the consistent cash flow and the reputation and operational [inaudible] of Extra Space Storage. We are currently working through 26 term sheets of which five have been signed totaling $48 million. at this time we believe that we are going to be able to obtain new financing to cover all of our upcoming loan maturities. To give you an idea of our current financing capability, we have a pool of 54 unencumbered properties on which to place loans. When we use our current cash and undrawn loans to pay off the 2009 and early 2010 maturities totaling $157 million we will have an additional 34 properties for a total of 88 unencumbered properties and a total of approximately $47 million of NOI. Using a 7.5% cap a 70% loan-to-value these properties should be able to garner approximately $440 million in loans. This should be more than adequate to cover our late 2010 and 2011 maturities.  In addition to the stabilized property loans, we are working on financing our development properties. In the fourth quarter weve closed two construction loans for a total of $22 million and have signed term sheets for 11 properties for a total of $79 million. we currently have term sheets on all but four of our properties which are under construction or about to start construction.  For the quarter we achieved $0.37 per diluted share of FFO including a $0.09 gain from a repurchase of our $40 million in exchangeable senior notes. The $0.37 includes approximately $0.02 in development property lease up dilution and $0.01 in dilatation from our sale of common stock in a registered direct placement. Excluding the one-time gain, development dilution and our sale of common stock, FFO was $0.31 per diluted share compared to $0.29 in the fourth quarter last year. For the year we achieved FFO of $1.18 per diluted share including the one-time gain. FFO for the year was reduced by $0.02 by unrecovered acquisition costs, $0.06 related to the carrying cost associated with our companys development program, $0.02 due to the loss on the sale of our auction rate securities and approximately $0.08 in dilution from our May and October 2008 sales of common stock. Excluding our development dilution, offering dilution an unrecovered acquisition costs, and a loss on the sale of our auction rate securities and the one-time gain, our FFO would have been $1.26 per share. For the year, our net income rose to $46.9 million from $36.1 in 2007 or an increase of nearly 30%. Net G&A or total G&A less management fees collected from our JV and managed properties was $19.5 million. This overhead and G&A number includes all of the costs for our employees and other overhead costs except for the direct site personnel. Acquisition activity was much lower this year than in previous years. For the year we acquired 11 properties on a wholly owned basis. Eight of these properties for $57 million were acquired during the fourth quarter. These properties acquired during the fourth quarter were under contract to purchase prior to the bottom falling out of the credit markets. As a management team we believe it is valuable for Extra Space to maintain its reputation as a reputable ethical buyer and so we decided to consummate these acquisitions. These properties are high quality and well located in our core markets and we purchased them at attractive cap rates. Due to the environment we have not put any acquisitions in to our guidance for 2009. Our development team is scheduled to deliver 14 properties for approximately $155 million in total development costs in 2009.  Self Storage development projects face a longer entitlement process than the majority of other real estate types. These properties scheduled to open in 2009 have already been in the development process between two and three years and stopping them at this point does not make sense. Our 2010 pipeline consists of 12 properties at this time and we are evaluating potentially putting some of them on hold pending improvements in market visibility.  Our annual FFO guidance for 2009 is being impacted heavily by two factors. First, we expect a challenging operating environment and correspondingly flat if not negative revenue and NOI growth. Any trend in correlation between the performance of the overall economy and the performance of the business during 2009 is not currently apparent.  The full year expectations in particularly assume no significant change in the relationship between the overall economy and our business trends that existed in the fourth quarter of 2008 and those apparent in 2009 so far namely a relatively mild flattening of same store revenue growth as many aspects of the economy deteriorate. Second, we will have a large amount of excess cash that will be earning low returns and therefore will be dilutive. With these factors in mind, we currently estimate that the fully diluted FFO per share will be between $1.01 and $1.06 before losses on our recently opened development properties. After development dilution we expect fully diluted FFO per share to be between $0.96 and $1.01.  These ranges do not include a $0.05 per share non-cash adjustment due to the new APB 14-1 accounting standard relating to our exchangeable senior notes. In addition, we estimate that our lease up properties when stabilized would generate an additional $21 million of FFO or $0.23. For the quarter we estimate fully diluted FFO per share to be between $0.24 and $0.25 before losses on our recently opened projects. After development dilution we estimate our fully diluted FFO per share to be between $0.23 and $0.24. For further assumptions underlying this outlook please refer to our earnings press release. With that Id like to turn the call back to Ken.
Kenneth M. Woolley : I appreciate your very in depth discussion of our financing and where we are on our operations. We are living through extraordinary times. Many of our investors have asked me, Well, how does Self Storage do in a recession? In my time in this business Ive really seen the recession of the early 80s, the one in the early 90s and the one last time around 2001, 2002 and this current recession. This is clearly the most difficult one for the country. Its not clear its the most difficult one for our properties however. In the past recessions particularly the earlier ones the self storage property type was relatively newer and less mature so it had natural growth that was going on as a result of the business of self storage gaining market share from an unknown to a known business. More recently however, its a much more mature industry and therefore, were really seeing the affects today of how a downturn can really affect the business. We believe that self storage is less affected than retail and office and industrial and possibly even residential in terms of its strength and its revenue retention strength. Part of that is because self storage demand comes from life changes such as marriage, divorce, birth, death, graduation, job changes, even foreclosures, natural disasters and many of these demand factors have nothing to do with the economy. You can see by our results that we actually had an increase in the number of rentals slightly in the fourth quarter over a year ago in the fourth quarter. However, what the economy seems to be doing is it is causing a little higher move outs because people are figuring out when they pay that check every month that maybe they can make an adjustment in their lifestyle and get rid of some of that stuff.  So, the initial demand seems to be there but the long term demand seems to be a little bit less and that means in order for us to keep our occupancy and our revenues going we have to be more successful in our marketing efforts. We do believe however that because of the strength of our national platform, our management, our call center, our Internet and frankly our revenue management that we are in a relatively better position to kind of go through this difficult time than some of the smaller companies in our business. Were very happy that we have these natural advantages. We think some of our other competitors do as well. So, we expect the business to do reasonably well in a difficult time for many businesses. That doesnt mean we are confident that were going to have a 10% revenue increase on a same store basis next year because we dont expect that as we said. You need to remember that Americans continue to be accumulators. We have too much stuff in this country and that stuff doesnt go away just because the economy goes down, its still there. The only place you can go if its not in the self storage is in to the landfill dump and we dont see the demand for dumps going up so we think its going to stay in the self storage.  Now, as the economy braces for further mortgage defaults which its probably going to have, you ask yourself, Well how do mortgage defaults affect us? Well, I think its very interesting that we had excellent rental growth in Michigan and Ohio this past year and these are areas that were among the hardest hit for foreclosures, mostly on occupied homes. So, we think that there is a positive demand factor which comes out of the terrible things that are happening due to foreclosures and job losses. Given the challenges were having today people have asked me, Is it a hard time for you to leave Extra Space Storage? My answer is definitely yes, its very difficult for me personally. Ive been involved in this industry really for over 32 years. I love the business, I find it fascinating. It gives new challenges daily, Ive enjoyed working with many of our investors and analysts and interfacing with you in good time and in bad. I would say that my decision to serve an LDS mission has more to do with my faith and my religious beliefs than it does anything to do with the economy or our ongoing business prospects. I do think that basically as person Im an optimist. I think that our country will get through these difficult times and our business will as well and that in the future well see a lot of blue skies and sunny skies and lots of opportunity.  Also, our company is really I believe an industry leader with not only its portfolio but the best in class operational and revenue management systems and this will I think continue to put us at the very forefront of our business. We thank you for the support. We dont like seeing our stock down, we think thats not a result of our performance but we do recognize its hurt a lot of our shareholders including us.  Were doing our best to perform and to run the business well and to run our balance sheet conservatively and in a way that takes careful note of whats going on in the credit markets on the overall basis. With that, Im going to turn the time now to questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: First question here, can you talk about the pricing on the fourth quarter transactions? And also, where asset pricing is in the markets right now for things youre looking at? KW For the properties we acquired we acquired at around a seven cap, some of those were a little higher some were a little lower but as I stated those were all things that were put under contract before the credit crisis and so we felt an obligation to close on those transactions. Weve been pleased with how those properties have performed and theyre adding to our portfolio. Like I said they came in on actual performance on about a seven cap.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Secondly, in your supplemental it shows a little bit more development drag in 2009 and 2010 than you had shown last quarter. Is that related to mix or are you seeing a little bit of slowing on the lease up times? What was the driver behind that? KW The driver is mostly the delaying on some of the properties opening and those openings being pushed in to later years. There has been on a few of our properties a little more slowdown on getting some properties leased up but on some of our other properties theyre on budget or slightly ahead of budget. So, on a total we are not seeing a dramatic slowdown in the lease up of our properties. As I said, there are some a little faster, some a little slower.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Switching over to operations, Karl what level of renewal increases are you guys pushing along right now? Where is the delta right now between street rates and renewals?
Karl T. Haas : The existing customer increases are running around 7%, theyre slightly down from earlier in the year and last year. I dont have in front of me the delta  its around 10%.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Going forward here just in terms of the focus for 2009 are you going to continue to push rates or is the focus more on maintaining occupancy at this point?
Karl T. Haas : Were working on occupancy. Once we have the customers in we feel like we still can do rate increases and we have a chance to bring those customers back up to prices where we want them to be. Like we said earlier, the surprising part is while you do get some  if we didnt do any rate increases we would probably have some vacates that wouldnt happen but everything we have looked at has indicated that our existing customer rate increases are netting us a plus and you cant increase people if you dont get them in, in the first place. So, our focus right now is being aggressive to get customers in.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Kent, could you talk about the terms of the new financing that you secured maybe in the fourth quarter or after subsequent to the end of the year? KW I can give you a general indication. As I stated in my prepared speech were currently negotiation with these 40 banks that were working with so Im not going to get very detailed on the call as to what the exact terms that were discussing with each of these banks. But, what I can say is that the terms are favorable and are comparable to some of the loans that we closed late last year. Were not seeing any spike or substantial changes in the kinds of terms and conditions were getting from the different banks.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Can you just give a little more color on the level of the dividend discussion and the possibility of stock in lieu of cash for a portion of the dividend?
Spencer F. Kirk : The dividend is one question that we view daily. If I could be honest with you, we just had our board meeting and we had an in depth discussion about it. What it boils down to is our earnings visibility over the next few quarters is difficult to predict as has been proven over the last six months. We do feel that were making progress on our financing and we do have the capacity to pay our previously stated annual dividend of $1. Were not blinded to the circumstances, were trying to take everything in to account. To retain the REIT status we would have to pay out in the range of $45 to $50 million this year. That would allow us to save some cash. However, with that being said we believe in paying a dividend to our investors  if we cut it or eliminate it we would be taking away a positive element for many investors and some future investors as to the appeal of our security. Were walking a fine line and well keep you apprised on the situation. If I could just footnote that, this analysis will be done on a quarterly basis and were not going to comment or guarantee on any future dividend payout in the future. We will analyze it as is appropriate and as circumstances change within this company.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Last question and Ill get back in the queue, Ken, on your last comments before handing it over to Q&A you talked about sort of alluding to the past comments you made about characterizing Americans as having packratitis. Do you feel like despite the fact that there are many live change driven sources of demand do you feel like the discretionary demand is set for potentially a protracted change or reduction just based on the potential for significantly less consumption in this country over the next few years as savings rate increase, consumptions decline, etc.? Can you just talk about how your portfolio would break down between maybe discretionary and non discretionary usage?
Kenneth M. Woolley : First of all the fact that our rentals were up in the first quarter 1.3% is an indication to me that theres not a slacking of new demand for the use of self storage. So, I dont want to have you put words in my mouth to say I see a big change in discretionary consumer demand. I dont think most of self storage usage is discretionary. I think that many analysts who have critiqued our business think its more discretionary than it actually seems to be. Most of it is really need driven, not discretionary. If you look at the stuff that goes in self storage, that stuff is there in our houses, its there all over the country and if you say that the consumers are going to buy less stuff at Wal-Mart, well I think theyre buying just as much today as they were a year ago. Obviously, were not building so many houses and that will have an affect but I dont think that its a big number. Also, the businesses that we have right now weve seen no fall off whatsoever of our business customers in our self storage business. None at all.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: No change in length of stay? And, can you remind us what that figure is, the average?
Kenneth M. Woolley : Its in the range of two and a half to three years for the commercial.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: On the whole for your portfolio?
Kenneth M. Woolley : Its a very difficult number because if you look at our portfolio today and you look at all 350,000 or so customers and you said, How long have they been there? The answer is I think about 28 months. Thats how long theyve been there. If you think ask a different question and thats the question of if you look over the last five years, every person who moved in and moved out because in order to know their true length of stay you have to have them move out. Then the answer is something like 11 months. So, there are two different numbers but the average tenant has been there 28 months, so theyve been there over two years. We think that that length is quite interesting because I think if you look at apartment complexes you wouldnt find it to be a lot longer even though were month-to-month rental.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jordan Sadler  Keybanc. 
Jordan Sadler  Keybanc: The first question, just coming back to the dividend question, I guess Im a little bit  can you maybe reconcile the reasoning behind paying out or returning 35% of your dividend as a return of capital? Can you maybe reconcile that with sort of the need to continue to raise capital which seems a very difficult task and almost a bit of a scramble I would say in this environment?
Kenneth M. Woolley : First of all, we dont have to raise a whole lot of new capital right now. What were doing right now is were recycling the capital, were paying of CMBS loans with bank loans. Were not doing a whole lot of new things. So, I think thats one issue. Secondly, when you look at the return on our stock you need to look at it in light of the stock value and the dividend itself. The shareholder right now is valuing our stock $6.50 a share which implies they want to earn 15% or something on our company. If they feel like they can earn 15% maybe theyd rather have cash than just use that money to pay off a debt that costs 6%. So, if you think of that as logic you could say its better to have the dividend and those shareholders who feel like they like our stock to use that dividend to buy the stock rather than using something that apparently has a value of 15% just on a cash basis to pay off a debt thats 6%.  Thats sort of the logic. Now, clearly weve had differences of opinion as weve talked to many of our lead investors. I would say that its equally split. Some of our investors have said, We think you should cut your dividend and use all your cash. We have other investors who have said, and these are major institutional investors who have said, Cutting your dividend is like someone signs up to own your company, youre producing cash flow, your NOI hasnt gone down, your cash flow hasnt gone down and you suddenly say Im going to take a 35% slice out of what we dividend or pay out. It seems like a little bit of a lack of faith with the shareholder.  We think long run companies who maintain their dividend and who have a policy of being consistent I think are going to win in the long run. Now, I know that many analysts, probably including you would criticize us for that. I guess in the end well have to see how that works out.
Jordan Sadler  Keybanc: The other point of view though I would say is your stock has maybe underperformed your peers and maybe one of the reasons for that may be your balance sheet or your liquidity need as opposed to the quality of your portfolio. You might have the ability to rectify that internally and I guess that would be more of a comment than a criticism to think about.  The other sort of question I had was just maybe coming back to the forward-looking demand, have you guys thought about the impact on demand of Obamas housing plan? I know you mentioned that you saw in 2008 stronger than anticipated rental rate growth in some markets as a result of maybe foreclosure. It seemed like you had seen big foreclosures in the markets.
Kenneth M. Woolley : I have to tell you I dont understand Obamas housing plan. I think that his housing plan is death for banks because to the extent that he [inaudible] banks not to foreclose hes going to hurt the balance sheets of the banks more than helping them. So, on the one hand he wants to help the consumer by pushing out foreclosures and saying banks cant foreclose and theyve got to help these poor people out that arent paying their debts and on the other hand hes beating up the banks and the whole market is because they have problems. Well, if you want to have more problems then tell people they dont have to pay their debts when do. So, I frankly dont know how thats going to work or how thats going to affect us. Im very disappointed in Obama and his housing plan.
Jordan Sadler  Keybanc: I guess my thought is it seems like it would keep more people in their homes, reduce foreclosure rates and then I was just guessing would that  
Kenneth M. Woolley : I dont know if its going to keep more people in their homes or not. But, if the people are better off because theyre in their home, maybe theyll have more money because the government gave it to them to spend on self storage, thats the other part. I just dont know the answer to that.
Jordan Sadler  Keybanc: I was just wondering if you had an occupancy update through January or mid February? Then, also looking at last year the first quarter the quarter end occupancy rate was higher I guess as usual seasonality at the end of March things start to pick up and I was just wondering if you think that will be the case again at the end of this quarter?
Kenneth M. Woolley : The seasonality in our business will remain. I will say this, we did have a positive revenue growth month in the month of January on a same store basis. 
Jordan Sadler  Keybanc: Do you have an occupancy figure?
Kenneth M. Woolley : I dont have the number right now.
Karl T. Haas : We did have a slight dip in the delta to the prior year, our occupancy delta to the prior year, the negative occupancy delta the prior year grew slightly.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Lou Taylor  Deutsche Bank.
Lou Taylor  Deutsche Bank: Spencer, can you talk a little bit about maybe development spending for 2009? I know youve got the completions coming on this year but you kind of alluded to a dozen or so projects that you may start this year. Can you maybe just give a little bit of your rational in terms of what projects could start and what the development spend could be this year? KW Again, our development process or these projects that were talking about have been properties that weve been working on for two to three years. The properties that are in our pipeline that well be working on until 2012 I think add up to about $130 million. Of those, as long as we can get the financing put in place we would need say 30% or between $30 and $40 million to be able to build those properties. So as long as we can continue getting our loans refinanced and we can continue getting construction loans on our properties, we think that as we come out of this and two and three years from now when these properties are filling up and the economy is doing better there are going to be very few self storage properties that are going to be opening and leasing up. We will be one of those that have a few of those.  So, we are being very selective and were being very careful about this, its not something were taking lightly similar to our dividend discussion. We are taking each one of them on a case-by-case basis we look at whether or not we think this is something we go forward with and so thats where our development process is right now. 
Kenneth M. Woolley : Let me make a note and that is that all the properties which are going to open this year are already under construction and we actually havent started any new construction I dont believe in the last three months. So, depending on the credit markets and how things are we could slow down and say okay we wont construction something but right now the commitments we have now  the amount of capital that we have to spend on the construction this year I think has already been mentioned. 
Lou Taylor  Deutsche Bank: Ken, you had gone over your unencumbered asset availability if you will, can you just go through that math again, I think I missed some of the numbers. 
Kent W. Christensen : As far as the number of properties that we have that are available?
Lou Taylor  Deutsche Bank: I think you mentioned it was $47 million of NOI?
Kent W. Christensen : Today with all of the $183 million of availability on our lines and our cash in addition to that we have 54 properties that are still unencumbered. When we take the $183 million that we have and we pay off loans coming due this year and early next year, so of the $183 million well use $157 million of that to pay off loans this year and next year. Once we do that well have an additional 34 properties or a total of 88 total unencumbered properties and those 88 properties today a backward looking at the end of December generating a $47 million net operating income.
Lou Taylor  Deutsche Bank: You said what a seven cap rate and a 70% LTV?
Kent W. Christensen : I did a 7.5 cap, 70% loan-to-value, that would be $440 million of potential of loans. What we would need to use that $440 million of loans is to pay off the $100 million loan coming due in August next year and then $74 million coming due in 2011. So, we have $170 coming due out of $440 million. Once we pay off the loan coming due next year we have additional properties and additional capacity that would allow us to still have between $400 and $500 million of capacity.
Kenneth M. Woolley : What it boils down to is that at all times right now  because when you pay off the $170 million that you have in 2010 and 2011 that frees up more unencumbered properties which actually increases your capacity above $440 million. So, the reality is youre sitting on capacity roughly of $450 and $500 million of unencumbered properties at any one time to be able to leverage yourself more if you need to. Thats the financial situation of the company. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Omatayo Okusanya, II  UBS.
Omatayo Okusanya, II  UBS: A couple of quick questions, Kent, I just wanted to clarify something with your most recent dealings with the banks, the $48 million number you mentioned, thats additional financing youve gotten on top of the $59.1 million from last quarter, correct? KW Its $48 million of signed term sheets that we have not yet closed on but were working through the process of closing on that so thats not done but, the term sheets have been signed. We go through a pretty detailed process before we sign a term sheet so these are term sheets that have been substantially negotiated with the banks before we sign them so we feel like we put all of the very important terms and conditions on the table before we sign a term sheet. We cant represent that we will for sure close on these but, a lot of work has already been done with these.
Omatayo Okusanya, II  UBS: The second thing, the deals that were closed on in fourth quarter around 7% cap rates again, you committed to all this stuff pre the credit crunch but now that were smack in the middle of the credit crunch what are you seeing in regards to cap rates? KW There are still properties that are for sale. We still have not seen any substantial number of distressed properties come to the market. The ones that are for sale, the sellers are still asking in the sevens. They have increased their cap rates from the sixes to the sevens but thats still what theyre expecting. Not many of them have closed. The only transaction that were aware of, of any sizeable amount that closed, it closed in December of last year and it closed in a backward looking in the sixes and a forward looking in the sevens because there were some lease up properties in the portfolio that was acquired. It was a portfolio we looked at, we bid on but did not close on so thats how come we know what the data is on that portfolio. So, the one real sizeable portfolio of about $100 million that closed, closed in a forward looking in the low sevens.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jordan Sadler  Keybanc.
Jordan Sadler  Keybanc: I guess this one would be for Karl or maybe Ken. Im trying to reconcile in the guidance I think you said that self storage is on sale like everything else and rents are down 5% to new customers and Im just trying to reconcile how that flows through your guidance on rental rate growth, so what the mix is of new customers in 2009 who see a 5% cut versus new customers who stay in place and get an increase, how does that sort of work out?
Karl T. Haas : Other than telling you that the existing customers which is a much larger base is getting in the range of a 7% increase and the customers that are coming in at that 5% sales price are getting after five months a 6% or 7% increase and then were increasing again within 9 to 12 months. So, when you blend that all together you offset that 5% decrease in rates. Plus, were also anticipating being able to hold and hopefully our goal with being aggressive on rates is that were going to gain some occupancy.
Jordan Sadler  Keybanc: So in guidance youre assuming some occupancy uplift in 2009?
Karl T. Haas : Well, its a mix because Im not sure we budgeted  when we do the budgeting its kind of a blend and both the occupancy and the rates were shooting kind of for an overall increase in revenue and the breakdown is not quite as sophisticated as having, especially with what the market has changed since weve done the budgets in September.
Jordan Sadler  Keybanc: On the discounting, on the 5% cut, did you start at 5% or did you start at 3% and move to 5%? Im just curious on it.
Karl T. Haas : Its really all over the place, it depends on the market. We really price based on where we see the demand and were going to continue to where we have to get more aggressive get even more aggressive to gain occupancy and hold occupancy.  KW One point on that is when Karl talks about the number being at 5%, its at a point in time. Were moving the rental rates of our existing customers on a daily basis so at one point in time that would be the number but on any given day it could be higher or lower than that based on what our revenue management system is doing in generating what we think is the proper price to be charged at each one of our different sites and for every different size unit.
Jordan Sadler  Keybanc: But that comment about the 5% was at what point?
Karl T. Haas : That is where we were at the end of December compared to the prior year. 
Operator:  There are no additional questions at this time.
James Overturf:  Thank you very much everybody for participating on this conference call. We appreciate your interest in our company and we hope we do a good job for all of you in the future. Many of you well see at the conference in Naples, Florida coming up here in a few weeks. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you for your participation today in todays conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-29 13:00:00) =====
Executive: Kenneth Woolley - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board  Spencer Kirk - President  Kent Christensen - Chief Financial Officer Karl Haas - Chief Operating Officer  James Overturf - Investor Relations 
Analyst: Christie McElroy - Bank of America  Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank Omotayo Okusanya - UBS Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the third quarter 2008 Extra Space Storage earnings conference call. My name is Carissa and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Mr. James Overturf; please proceed.
James Overturf: Thank you, Carissa and welcome to Extra Space Storages third quarter 2008 conference call. With us today are CEO and Chairman of the Board, Kenneth Woolley; President, Spencer Kirk; CFO, Kent Christensen; and COO Karl Haas. In addition to our press release we have also furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answer to your questions contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements address matters which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those discussed today. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements related to Extra Space Storages development acquisition programs, revenues, net operating income, FFO and guidance. We encourage all of our listeners to review a more detailed discussion related to these forward-looking statements contained in the companys filings with the SEC. These forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today, October 29, 2008. Extra Space Storage assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future because of changing market conditions or other circumstances. Id now like to turn the call over to Extra Space Storages Chairman and CEO, Kenneth Woolley.
Kenneth Woolley: Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our conference call today. As mentioned, joining me are Spencer, Kent and Karl who will all be talking on the conference call. Our stores turned in solid performance in the third quarter. Same store NOI increased 3.3% and revenues were up 2.1% and expenses were down 0.1% showing that we had good expense control. Solid demand was evident each month of the quarter and our stores performed better compared with the second quarter with slightly higher rental activity to this time last year. So far in October were holding our own with rental activity slightly higher and vacates also slightly higher. We generated $0.32 of FFO before approximately $0.01 in development dilution and $0.02 from our $252 million offering in mid-may and in line with our internal estimates. The $0.29 bottom line number after these adjustments was also in line with our own internal estimates. I dont need to tell you that these are highly volatile times in the capital markets. Right now and during the coming year, our management focus is not only to concentrate on maximizing the income from our properties, but also to proactively manage the liquidity on our balance sheet. We have enough funds and undrawn lines in place to satisfy our upcoming debt maturities through early 2010.  In addition, the secured property level debt markets are still open to us from a number of banks in loan amounts up to $60 million. We are currently pursuing a number of loans which in aggregate will provide enough capital to repay all of our debt maturities through the end of 2010. We are also having discussions with a number of our joint venture partners about providing additional capital for growth. We have continued to be active in the acquisition of quality properties during the past few months. We closed on the acquisition of one property in Maryland for approximately $5 million as well as our previously announced acquisition of an additional 40% interest in an existing joint venture with Prudential Real Estate Investors in the amount of $44.1 million. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we acquired six properties located in Indiana and New York for $45.8 million.  Given the need to be more conservative in our balance sheet, after the purchase of two more assets totaling $13.5 million we will be curtailing our wholly owned acquisition activity until we have enough capital definitely committed to satisfy all loan maturities through 2010. Through September 30 our development department completed six projects located in California, Florida, Illinois and New Jersey for a total cost of approximately $53.2 million.  During the fourth quarter we will complete two more projects bringing the year total to approximately $67.9 million. We are currently anticipate continuing our development efforts as planned; however, our hurdles for development yields have been increased. I would now like to turn the call over to Karl Haas, our Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President of our operations, to give you more detail on our performance.
Karl Haas: Thanks, Ken. We had positive revenue and net operating income growth in the third quarter. Including tenant insurance income, revenue and net operating income for the quarter were up 2.1% and 3.3% respectively compared to last year. Excluding tenant reinsurance income revenue was up 1.7% and net operating income was up 2.7%. Year-to-date, the same store revenue was up 2.4% and net operating income is up 3.2% including tenant reinsurance and 1.9% and 2.6% without tenant reinsurance income. Same store rental activity for the quarter was similar to last year with move-ins up 1.3% and move-outs up even a little bit more at 3.8%. During the third quarter our pricing was still maximizing revenue by tolerating small reduction in occupancy for a larger increase in pricing for existing customers; hence, the move-out to move-in gap. For the nine months, same store rental activity is essentially flat compared to 2007. Rental activity is holding up in October with new rentals up over last year, move-outs are also up and slightly more than the move-ins, so our net move-in activity is down slightly. Our delinquency and bad debt, an indicator of tenant financial stress continue to run at historically low levels which we consider a very good sign. We are detecting slightly softer pricing for new customers. Pricing power for them is limited with asking rates finishing the end of the quarter down 2.4% when compared to last year. Weve been proactive with rates and they move quite a bit given the automatic triggering based on the unit occupancy and availability.  We were discounting more this year than last year as a result of removing thresholds for units qualifying for discounts. As a result, discounts were up 8% compared to last year. Starting in November, we will be going back to thresholds since we did not see the impact from this more aggressive discounting that we expected. In short we were giving more away to get similar rental volume compared to last year. We want to be competitive in our markets and be priced favorable to the competition and well continue to be aggressive in pricing and discounts; however, we will not be giving away as much on highly occupied unit types. Our top performing markets for the quarter were Chicago, Dallas, Houston, Sacramento and San Francisco, Oakland, with increases in revenues between 7.5 and 9%. Houston may become our leading market for a while given the displacement that Hurricane Ike caused. Since the hurricane, occupancy is up 93% from 88%. Ike did cause some damage to three of our eight properties there; however, the damage was minimal. Given the size of the storm repair costs are likewise minimal. Our four largest markets, Boston, Los Angeles, New York, New Jersey and the Baltimore, Virginia, DC area had revenue increases between 2% and 3% in this quarter. Florida continues to dilute the results for the overall portfolio. Though were seeing increased rental activity in West Palm Beach and improvement over the overall performance in the Tampa Saint Pete market, the state continues to struggle as a whole. If we were to remove Florida, which they wont let us do from our same store pool of properties, sane store revenue and net operating income growth with reinsurance income would have been 2.9% and 4.1% respectively and occupancy would be up 100 basis points. Today is a milestone day for Extra Space Storage as our new internal call center is finally coming online and has begun to take calls in Salt Lake City for 22 of our properties. The rollout will continue to 50 by next week. We expect to have all of our stores on our new internal call center by the end of the first quarter of 2009. Were very excited about the team weve assembled at the call center as well as the technology systems weve put into place.  Weve combined call center experts with operational and training personnel to create an outstanding team. Weve trained the core group of representatives who are now becoming the trainers for future reps. The technology portion of the call center is essentially complete and as always with Extra Space, it is best in class technology, which provides us with real time centralized data with very little on-site hardware.  In conjunction with the call centre technology implementation, we are implementing our CRM, Customer Relationship Management tool, which will enable us to track our customers and prospects from first contact to the signing of the lease to move in, to move out, to thereafter. In time, we believe our CRM technology when combined with our marketing experience and expertise we already have in place will give us further competitive advantage over the majority of our competitors and allow us to close more sales opportunities. The internet continues to be a focus area for us. It is becoming increasingly more important to our customers and were responding in kind. Our research shows that 40% of our customers are utilizing extraspace.com at some time in their buying process. This is up from 18% in 2006.  Were doing a much better job of getting people to commit as our reservations and/or holds are up 31% year-on-year to nearly 25,000. Total hits this year are also up 31% to $1.5 million. We have diverted about $1 million of yellow page advertising to the web in 2008 and well divert another $1million in 2009 to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of our web presence. Last weak Ken, Spencer and some of the other key executives of our management team and I went on a town hall tour, met with 350 of our people in ten meetings in ten cities in four days. Though the trip had been scheduled for a while, the timing was good to gauge the morale of our people and Id like to report that the morale of our team in the field is excellent. Our team is seeing firsthand that there is still demand for self-storage. Despite all the negative news in the media regarding Wall Street and the economy, people are still renting self-storage units, paying their rent and valuing the service we provide them. Our people are also seeing the commitment from Extra Space to provide them with the best tools in the form of technology, pricing, specials, capital expenditures and human resources to give them a leg up on the competition. Our field people left those meetings invigorated, confident in the company and ready to focus on what they should be focused on and can control; closing rentals and taking care of our customers. With that Id like to turn the call over to Kent, our Chief Financial Officer.
Kent Christensen: Thanks, Karl. For once, this quarter someone might actually listen to this section of the call given the state of our credit markets. Before I get to our funding, I want to talk about our FFO. FFO per share for the third quarter was $0.30 before approximately $0.01 of development dilution and third quarter of last year our FFO was also $0.30 before our $0.01 of development dilution. After taking development and shared dilution into account, our third quarter FFO was $0.29 compared to $0.29 last year. I'd like to give you as much as I can some information and transparency about our balance sheet and where we ended up the quarter. As of the end of the third quarter, our funding requirements consist of $227 million of debt maturities in 2009 and $146 million of debt maturities in 2010. We have a loan in 2008 coming due of $23 million with GE that can be extended until 2009 and we have an additional one year extension on that loan after that. In 2009, we have a $62 million loan due in April which can be extended for five years. This loan has been taken out of the maturities that I will be talking about. We also have an approximately $72 million in acquisitions through the end of this year. These acquisitions represent contractual obligations we entered into prior to the credit market volatility we have seen. As of the end of the quarter, we have $112 million in cash, approximately $100 million in un-drawn term loans and $100 million of availability on our line of credit with GE Capital, for a total of $312 million. After the acquisitions under contract, the repurchase of our bonds, the October sale of the stock, we have approximately $250 million to pay the $227 million of obligations coming due in 2009.  In todays lending environment, self-storage is a very good product type due to the small size of the individual assets and our consistent cash flow. We have contacted 62 banks and have received positive responses from eight banks that are interested in doing term loans and five banks for a total of 10 of our construction projects that are interested in doing construction loans. We have not proceeded with these banks to get term sheets from them, but we have ongoing meaningful discussions with them. We currently have a pool of 50 un-leveraged properties. These properties have an in place NOI of $25 million. Utilizing a 7.5 cap and a 75% loan-to-value, these properties should generate $250 million in loans. The final rate and loan-to-value of these loans are yet to be determined; however, we estimate the loan-to-values of between 70% and 75% and spreads of between 250 and 350 basis points over LIBOR. We are discussing loan amounts of between $5 million and $50 million with each of these banks. As you can see, we're being very proactive in funding our 2010 obligations. The properties that were used to create the CMBS loans coming due in 2009 and 2010 will also have significant value upon which we can place leverage at the time of repayment. The properties that will become unsecured in 2009 currently have a combined NOI of $35 million and our 2010 properties have a combined NOI of $17 million. Using a 7.5 cap and a 75% loan-to-value on these properties would produce an additional $520 million of potential borrowing capacity. An important point regarding our current debt is that none of our debt carries REIT or corporate level covenants. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we repurchased $40 million worth of exchangeable notes for approximately $32 million. This will impact our fourth quarter FFO by approximately $0.10 per share, due to the gain on early extinguishment of debt. Though accretive, the primary strategic reason behind the bond repurchase was to further de-lever our balance sheet.  Our net G&A for the quarter came in at $4.9 million. Net G&A is calculated by subtracting the $5.4 million in management fees from the gross G&A of $10.3 million.  This year we have acquired nine properties for $69 million. With the exception of one portfolio that we have seen, there still does not seem to be much distress in the self-storage acquisition market. This speaks to the stability of our product type.  Given our balance sheet and the current scarcity of credit, we will be taking a very conservative approach to acquisitions until we can get a better sense of where the cost and the availability of various forms of capital is heading. In addition to our outreach to the debt market I mentioned, we are speaking to several large institutional investors who have the ability to be a primary financing source, should we decide to make a move on acquisitions. Our 2009 development pipeline is expected to be 17 properties for approximately $184 million in total cost. The funding requirements for our development program from this point forward will be minimal because the equity for these properties has already been funded and we anticipate being able to place construction loans on these properties. As with our acquisitions we are taking a conservative stand on potential new projects. Now, let me move on to our outlook. At this time we believe our fully diluted FFO for the year to be in the range of $1.11 to $1.12 before the $0.04 in development dilution and before a $0.10 one-time gain from the repurchase of our exchangeable senior notes. After deducting the development dilution and excluding the one-time gain, we expect our FFO to be in the $1.07 to $1.08 per share. Our fourth quarter has been impacted by approximately $0.01 of dilution from our direct sale of common stock which added 3 million shares. We will be giving guidance for 2009 early next year; however one thing to be aware is that we will be impacted by the new accounting standard APB14-1 which will force us to mark-to-market our $250 million of convertible debt. Our FFO impact will be diluted by an estimated $0.04 per share for 2009. This will be a non-cash adjustment. That $250 million obviously was reduced by the $40 million that we purchased early this quarter. With that, Id like to turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth Woolley : Thank you, Kent; appreciate it. Well, as you saw in the third quarter, were still renting units and our portfolio continues to perform comparatively well compared to other real estate types and Id like to outline four reasons why.  First, self-storage demand is based primarily on life changes. It is not as some say completely discretionary. Most life changes that drive self-storage demand are wholly separate from the ebb and flow of the economy. Marriage, birth, divorce, death and even natural disasters, graduation, job changes and normal moves, those factors dont have a lot to do. Slowing economies can increase demand for storage; however through job loss, foreclosure and savings being lost or greatly diminished. So, there are positive things about the negative aspects of the economy that help our business. Second, Americans have an attachment to their possessions. We are a nation of accumulators and keepers. In this time of economic uncertainty, we believe that people will hold close to this trade and continue to use storage as a repository for valued personal and business items.  Third, is the internet. As Karl mentioned, the internet has become a game changer in our industry. It gives greater advantage to companies that are able to spread advertising expenses over a large number of properties. This is increasing awareness of our properties over a larger area for a lower cost.  Our research shows that the average internet customer drives 20% further than those who rent from other sources of advertising. Across the country, large operators are beginning to gain market share over the smaller operators because of this factor.  In their conference call last week, Self Storage Data Services reported that occupancies across the country for self-storage as a whole were down 1.9% on a year-on-year basis as of the end of the third quarter. As you can see, this is not what weve experienced. We suspect our other publicly traded peers are in the same position. That indicates to us that the quality of our systems and possibly the internet are helping keep our occupancies higher.  Lastly, I believe our industry leading property portfolio and best in class operational and revenue management systems are providing a better product and better customer experience than that of any of our competitors, especially the smaller ones. They are helping us to take market share and I believe will continue to do so.  Over 70% of our properties are in the best self-storage markets and most of our properties are located in very good sites and our portfolio on average is the newest amongst our public peers. Condition and location of our properties gives us an advantage in most markets. Well, there are two big positives on the going forward front for self-storage. One relates to the economy. Unfortunately, there are going to be a lot more foreclosures and a lot of the foreclosures taking place are real people having to move out of their houses. Many of the early foreclosures taking place in places like Las Vegas and Phoenix and the Inland Empire of California were for vacant houses.  When houses are vacant it doesnt give demand for self-storage, but when a house is occupied and someone gets foreclosed on, it often gives demand for self-storage. Hence, weve seen increased demand and good revenue increases in Detroit, where theres been a high level of foreclosures. We believe that if there are going to be more foreclosures in the future, that in fact most of those will be real people having to lose their houses which are a very unfortunate thing, but on the positive side for us, it does give us some demand. The second big deposit for our self-storage business is demographic. The Baby Boomers of which there are 75 million are now reaching retirement age and this is just happening. In fact as your CEO Im on the front end of the Baby Boomers since I was born in June of 1946, nine months after the end of the war; you can all do your math on that one.  Like my fellow Baby Boomers were approaching retirement and retired people use self-storage because they tend to move out of their larger homes into smaller places, but they dont want to give up their personal possessions and we find many of our customers are retired people who use self-storage as part of their lifestyle. We believe that this is a positive demographic thing for the future. As a final consideration, the most important thing in my mind is that Extra Space itself is well set up for whatever economic conditions are ahead. We continue to bear down on cost and are successful on our efforts last quarter. I think that you can see that on management of costs, were doing a good job; our balance sheet is strong; we have some of the best systems in the industry in a track record of leading innovation.  Our revenue management team has set the standard for proactive rate and promotion adjustments based on primary data research. In fact, even though Karl mentioned that we have lower asking rates today than we did back a year ago, were actually continuing to see revenue increases because we are able to raise existing customers.  We have a very experienced management team that has proven with the integration of the storage USA operation and subsequent acquisitions that it can manage change and we expect to continue to be managing change in the future. We thank you very much for listening on this conference call and were now ready to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from Christie McElroy - Bank of America. 
Christie McElroy - Bank of America: Ken, just following up on your comments, one of the biggest questions that people have, especially now that the outlook for consumer spending is so much in question, is the extent to which storage is needs-based versus discretionary and given the dramatic shift that weve seen over the last month or so in consumer psychology, do you think theres a potential for the demand dynamic and storage to change over the next couple of months?
Ken Woolley:  Well, I think if you would look at our rentals through the day in October, we have more rentals in our properties today in October than we did a year ago and so we have seen no impact yet and as I mentioned on the call, so many of the self storage demand factors are positive, not positive, but they dont relate to the economy, so I cant predict that, I would not say thats true.
Christie McElroy - Bank of America: How did traffic trend throughout Q3? I mean, did you guys see any change in people walking into your stores in September versus July and August as weve seen a little bit on the retail side?
Ken Woolley: No, we havent, but what I could say, the one big trend that was really up was, Karl mentioned that our internet reservations were up 30% for the year, but they were up 50% in the month of September over a year ago September. So, theres definitely a stronger trend towards internet rentals.
Christie McElroy - Bank of America: And then can you talk about, Kent, how your borrowing costs have changed kind of basically trended over the last three months and have you seen lenders ease up unavailability and pricing at all since the government has pumped more liquidity into the system. I guess as youve been kind of pulling out there as youve been looking to secure term loan?
Kent Christensen : To answer your second question, we still have yet to see from my perspective the lenders easing up. As I stated, weve contacted many banks and essentially eight out of ten of them are saying theyre not lending right now or not lending to us, but were still finding enough banks that are interested in lending to us that we think were going to be able to take care of the loan obligations that we have, but in the discussions that were having, there havent been anybody thats said to us we now have money because of what the government is doing, and so if its going on, its going on behind the scenes with us.  The second part of your question is as I stated as far as the yields and the spreads were seeing, we closed on a construction loan just last week on Thursday. It was 275 over LIBOR, 75% loan to cost and that was a loan with a bank that weve been working on and it was now retreated, it didnt change and we actually closed on two loans that week, that was the one thats the most recent, the other one was similar to that.  So were still seeing pricing thats bringing the interest rate, obviously depending on what LIBOR is at because LIBOR is bouncing all around, but somewhere between 5.5% and 7% obviously depending on where LIBOR is.
Christy McElroy - Banc of America: And then lastly, can you just talk about your thought process behind buying the converts on the market versus using that capital to address debt thats maturing more near-term. I mean was it to reduce kind of the negative FFO impact, given the accounting changes next year, does it have to with where the securities were trading in the market or was it just part of your overall delivering process?
Kent Christensen : I think it was both of what you said. First of all, we feel very confident, based upon our discussions with banks, that we will be able to have enough capital to pay all our debts when they come due. Even as we are right now, we have enough capital through the end of 2009 and since were very confident about that, the purchase of the bonds was something that we felt was (a) accretive and (b) de-leveraging and beneficial to our shareholders, all of us as shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Kent, in your prepared remarks you talked about development pipeline raising hurdle rates; where are those hurdle rates right now and obviously the pipeline for 2009 is in place, but as you lookout to 2010 should we expect that pipeline will be down slightly just given what youre seeing with asset pricing right now with the relative basis?
Kent Christensen : Probably, yes. We did raise our hurdle rates to between 10.5 and 11 on cash on cost development. In order for those hurdle rates to be achieved, two things have to happen. One is land prices have to go down and two is construction costs have gone down.  We are seeing construction costs go down right now, thats happening. Land prices however, this is a very long process, getting a development done and we would expect now with the capital markets how they are, the land prices to start going down, but right now we havent seen it. So, our guys in the field who are looking for development opportunities have a bigger challenge right now, which I suspect will reduce what were doing for 2010.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Secondly, where is asset pricing at right now? I mean, maybe the best way to look at it, what is the spread between buyer and seller expectations and where do you kind of expect that to play out over the next 12 months?
Kent Christensen : Im not sure I completely have the answer to that. We have not yet seen a huge surge of deal flow in terms of people selling properties. The properties that we have purchased in the last few weeks, one was a portfolio in Indianapolis that was a flat 8 cap on actual numbers going in. The other was a portfolio in New York, one being in Brooklyn, which is very high quality which was in the mid-sevens. Now so, what I would guess is that the reality is that the real pricing of self-storage in the best markets today is between 7 and 7.5, not 8. I think the 8 cap was a particularly opportunistic opportunity for us. On the other hand, were not bidding on hardly anything right now because weve decided not to. So, its not really a matter of price, were just not in the market.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Third, you talked about going out to your existing pipeline for partners or new joint venture partners. Just looking at the market, where are the IRRs being targeted right now? I mean, obviously cost of capital has gone up significantly, but where is the hurdle rates right now?
Kent Christensen : I dont have an answer for you on that. We have had significant conversations with two of our existing partners about it, but I have not been given new hurdle rates. So, I dont know the answer.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Final question, probably for you, Karl; you talked about traffic patterns and what youre seen on a month-to-month basis. Have you seen any people maybe down sizing their smaller units or maybe switching payment methods or any discernable trends in traffic pattern significantly?
Karl Haas: No, actually before I answer your question, I calculated Kens age, hes 52, hes old by the way and he barely looks that old, but no we get a lot of feedback and this is the problem and I think you will get this from other operators, especially annual Extra Space Storage magazines and things like that because most of the information comes from ad hoc feedback from their managers and if you talk to managers, you will hear that all the time that all our big tenants are vacating and everybody is down sizing. We actually have done a couple different analyses looking at our occupancy by small, medium, large units and the mix has not changed. So were not seeing a down sizing of customers.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Are you seeing a shift in maybe payment methods?
Karl Haas: No. We really arent. I mean, its surprising and I mentioned it, our bad debt is not up, its actually down year-to-date from the prior year and our accounts receivables are actually down from the prior year. Some of that is active management of it, but I dont really feel at least to date and does mean it wont change and it doesnt mean that certain markets its a little bit worse, but weve really havent seen anything that would match kind of everything you hear in the media so far.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets: Kent, you talked a little bit about de-leveraging the balance sheet. I we was wondering if you could tell us what the optimal level of debt is in this environment and what are the metrics that you look at to measure that?
Kent Christensen: Well, at Extra Space we still feel like the level of debt that were at is an appropriate level. Obviously with the credit markets where they are at, the ability to obtained loans to pay-off the loans that we have coming due is where the real stress is.  As I discussed, I think because of our product type and the size of the assets and the kinds of loans and the cash flow these assets produce that there is a level of debt that should be applied to the self storage product type and that is something that we feel is appropriate and is something that we feel that the level that we are at today is an appropriate level. The metrics that we use to do that are more governed by the public markets and, the discussions that we have with our investors and other organizations that we talk with about what they feel like we as a public company should be leveraged at and in those discussions weve had we feel like this is the level thats appropriate.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. So the overall leverage level we should expect to remain the same as it is today?
Kent Christensen: Well if we can find ways that make sense for us to de-levered like we did in buying the bonds back that seems like its a very good opportunity for us, then yes, well be de-levering slightly, but I dont think youre going to see us coming to the market at the current stock price in raising equity and paying down our debt, that doesnt make a lot of sense.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets: Okay and what metrics do you look at to measure your coverage?
Kent Christensen: Well, that means there is debt-to-asset value. You could put cap rate on NOI, there is debt to what the market value is of our company, so those are all items that we look at and are constantly comparing and looking at other comparables, but the one thats the most important to us is what is the debt to, what the value is thats being placed on the self storage asset loan to value so-to-speak.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets:  Okay and moving over to tenant reinsurance, you recently made a search to further pay have insurance across [Inaudible] reinsurance.
Karl Haas: We really couldnt hear you.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets: Are we getting new tenants to sign up?
Karl Haas: Okay. We continue to make good progress our penetration of new renters is astoundingly high; were about 95% to 96% and our overall penetration is closing in on 50%, were at about 45% to 46% right now, but our goal and we expect to get there is to around 50%. The rate of growth is not going to be as great as it has been over the last year and a half because we really are getting to a maturity level, but we dont see any deterioration of it and its actually continuing to grow slightly.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets: Okay and finally, just looking at the State of Florida, we would have expected that the effect of the hurricanes would have anniversaried out by now. Is it still the hurricanes or is it the overall economy thats kind of trading Florida at this point?
Karl Haas: Its not the hurricanes any more, its the economy there. You still have a lot of stress, you have stressed consumers there, you have some real real-estate issues, property taxes are a problem for a lot of people, insurance and probably the biggest negative impact on the individuals is insurance. Home insurance has in a lot of cases doubled for people and that certainly is especially on the West Coast you hear that a lot, that people are really strained because you have so many people on fixed incomes. Ken could maybe add some color to that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets.
Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets: Thank you. Im here with Thomas as well. My first question relates to the vacates. Ken, I think in your commentary you said they were up slightly and Karl you addressed them a little bit more, but could you give us a little bit more detail on them and then what happened during the quarter? From what Im seeing theyre up pretty substantially relative to at least where you were on a year-to-date basis last quarter and Im just curious what drives that or if its a change in direction and with your net rentals on the 570 stabilized properties now negative 3,000 versus last years comparable period.
Karl Haas:  They are running higher and we are concerned about it from the standpoint that we are very aggressive in our existing customer rate increases and as a matter of fact, we are doing some changes really for two reasons; one, because our managers, how they feel about it and we feel like that longer-term customers in this current environment may react more negatively than they have in the past and so we are backing off a little bit as far as the frequency and the rate or the percentage increase on some of the longer-term staying customers and were continuing to monitor it very closely.  There is a lot of things going on out there and we have a real hard time getting a real hard fix on what would be increasing the vacates, but the good news is the rentals are continuing to come in at a healthy rate and we feel like we can have an impact on vacates by being a little bit less aggressive on the existing customer rate increases.
Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets: You think youre going to pull back the rate increases on the existing customers as well as the new customers?
Karl Haas: On the longer-term existing customers. The shorter-term, because the customers that are in their first year and half to two years, we probably wont, but on the longer term, customers weve been hitting for a good while with pretty aggressive rate increases, those will be softened a little bit.
Kent Christensen: If I could add some color to that Jordan, we are probably the most aggressive company in our industry in raising existing tenants and in the past year weve probably been more aggressive than our other competitors and based on our own statistics, we believe partly a tick-up in the vacancy rate is due to that, but when you say theres been a huge tick-up in vacancy rate, I think the tick-up is like 3% or 4% in the quarter and I dont have the exact percentage in front of me.  Its not a huge pickup in vacates because you have such an ebb and flow of these customers anyway. Also, the third quarters always the largest vacate quarter, because of students moving in, in May and moving out in September, a lot of people are doing that. It was up 3.8% for the quarter, I do not think thats a dramatic increase in vacates.
Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, I guess what I was talking about is on a year-to-date basis, like through June it looked like you were actually going the other way and it seemed to have reversed course in the third quarter completely.
Kent Christensen: I just dont see on a statistical basis that 1% or 2% up or 1% or 2% or 3% up or down is statistically meaningful, because that is not what determines the overall increase in income. Also, its important you can recognize that theres levers we can pull the increase rentals too. Were not seeing like a wholesale vacation of the property.  Now, our pricing policies do in the long run determine what our occupancy is and as you can see, our occupancy slipped just a little bit over the previous year and right now we dont want to let it decrease too much, although we could increase the occupancy tomorrow. 
Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets: I understand what youre saying. Maybe Im honing in on the wrong number here. Your net rentals on a year-to-date basis, Im seeing on page eight were down 34% this year, year-to-date versus last year year-to-date. I guess that could be considered statistically insignificant, but through June of this year versus June of last year you were really maybe just down 5% or so and so I see that as a deterioration. Does that ebb and flow that dramatically throughout your portfolio? I mean, I know we havent had these statistics forever; this is kind of the first year.
Kent Christensen: And I guess nobody else gives you these statistics, by the way.
Kenneth Woolley:  Let me jump in. I hate to focus on rentals only and net rentals and especially when youre talking about percentage change in net rentals, because I mean the percentages can get really out of line. We focus more on where we are on square footage occupancy, because its really that times rate that gives you the numbers that you really ultimately calculate revenue on and we have had a slight deterioration in same store occupancy percentage, but its still only down. I mean, we were down to minus 0.8%, were still no more than were less than 1% less in overall occupancy than we were a year ago.  Considering all the things going on in the marketplace, most of that loss relates to vacancies being up. We still have plenty of rentals coming in. When you look at the change in net rentals of 34% that does sound like a scary number, but when you look at where we are and overall occupancy delta year-over-year, the decrease has been pretty minor.
Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets: Coming back to Christies question a little bit, can you maybe just walk us through what youve seen in sort of tenant psyche through sort of the operating performance throughout the quarter and then into October. Im specifically interested in kind of what happened in September to October to your traffic and then I guess to your rentals and vacates?
Kenneth Woolley:   Well, from a traffic standpoint, the increase in September was actually worse. I mean the rentals in September were actually slightly down, whereas the rentals in October are slightly up. So, as far as new renters, we actually are doing better in October than we did in September.
Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets: And what about vacates in those same months?
Kenneth Woolley: Vacates were up in both months, really our increase in vacates in October is lower than our increase in vacates. Well actually theyre pretty comparable; its actually relatively comparable to both periods. So, we really havent seen any significant deterioration.
Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, thats helpful. I think Todd has one as well.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: You mentioned there was an additional portfolio that youre contractually obligated to purchase; can you just give us some color on that?
Karl Hass:   Its two properties, one is in Colorado Springs and the other one is in Washington DC area. One is $7.5 million and the other is $5.4 million.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, are they stabilized properties?
Karl Hass:   Yes, theyre stabilized cash flowing properties that we already manage.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then also you mentioned that there was one portfolio that you saw in the market that was distressed. Can you --?
Karl Hass:   Yes, there was a loan that one of the banks had. They were in the process of foreclosing on a portfolio, thats a very high-levered deal that we took look at and it was distressed in that way, but we did not do anything about it.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  How long ago was that?
Karl Hass: Six weeks ago, eight weeks ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Kent, if we could just take a look at page 20 and just sort of tie in your earlier comments on the balance sheet to your debt maturities schedule and sort of ignoring the extensions, a sense of what the LTVs are today on these, how likely it is you can refinance these existing maturities without having to tap into much of your $300 million of availability that you mentioned.
Kent Christensen: Well as I stated, the discussions that were having with people, the banks that we are talking with have a substantial interest in financing stabilized self-storage properties. I know the page that youre talking about and the loans that are on there that tie back to the numbers that I gave. Are all the loans that are showing on here is 2009 and 2010 for both the fixed rate and the variable rate components. These loans are all backed up for the most part by stabilized self-storage properties.  The average of all of the loans that are on here in 2009 and 2010, if you used a 7.5 cap on the last 12 months trailing NOI, it puts these properties at a 60% loan to value today. So, we believe because of the discussions that were having, that we would be able to refinance these loans in todays market, but what were doing is making sure that we have the availability today or as soon as we can to have the cash that we need to pay these loans off and are not waiting until these loans come due, but we know for sure that we can repay them.  So thats why were going to the market, getting loans lined up, so that we can have the availability on lines or cash to be able to pay the loans, but we will be going to the market to try and refinance these and today we still think thats a real possibility.
Kenneth Woolley: Just to add more color though, our plan is right now to put loans on properties that are un-leveraged, because we have properties that are completely un-leveraged that will have a value of how much, Kent? 
Kent Christensen: $250 million.
Kenneth Woolley: No, thats how much we could borrow?
Kent Christensen: Thats how much we could borrow.
Kenneth Woolley: We can borrow $250 million against properties and additional $250 against properties that are completely un-leveraged, which would then allow us to pay these debts and then have these completely freed up if we needed further leverage.
Kent Christensen: The value is 330 at a 75% loan to value, is the $250 million.
Kenneth Woolley: So, what were going to do is have the loans already in place and closed before these debt maturities come up. So, theres no question about whether we have it or dont have it.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors: Third quarter retain most of the availability you talked about because youll be able to either refinance these or take proceeds from encumbering other assets and then the other...
Kenneth Woolley: One point on that Mike is that were being very pessimistic on trying to figure out how were going to pay these loans back. Our feeling however is that these markets are going to turn and that by looking at the worst case scenario here and planning for that worst case scenario, we will be very well-positioned so that when the credit markets do open back up in more of a way than they are today and we know that we can go out and refinance these loans, that this capacity that were talking about will be used to take advantage of the real accretive and opportunistic acquisition opportunities that might be coming up.  So, on the down side were going to be protected in that well know that we compare loans back on the upside well have capacity to be able to execute on some real opportunities that could come our way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank.
Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank: Can you talk a little bit about Sacramento? It looks like, your properties in the weak housing markets have struggled a little bit in the quarter, but Sacramento seem to do okay, whereas on your list of one of your better performers. Can you talk about that market what happened that during the quarter?
Kenneth Woolley: Some of it probably relates to and I dont have the exact details right now in front of me, but some of it relates to we had a management change and so it wasnt all market and sort of our rental properties have done well there, but I wouldnt react to that particular market.
Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank: Okay and then second question, in terms of the people that have terminated their leases and left, do you track the reason for leaving and has the reason for leaving changed over the last three to six months?
Kenneth Woolley: What we do, and we do get surveys of customers vacating, but we place more reliance on we have a program called pulse, where we have an automated system and we use an outside service to survey our customers on both when theyre renting with us and after they vacate and we have not seen any significant change in the reason that theyre vacating.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Omotayo Okusanya - UBS.
Omotayo Okusanya - UBS: A couple of follow-up questions; in regards to the development pipeline, we notice that the budget had costs, so most of those developments have all gone up. Just wondering, are you expecting as a result of that, that the development yields will be coming down and since you have new hurdles for development, what does that mean in regards to the pipeline; would it be shrinking on a going forward basis if some of those developments no longer make that new hurdle rate?
Kenneth Woolley: The answer of your first question, weve realized in the completion of our statements that weve done this quarter that some of our previously disclosed costs for doing development needed to be slightly amended, meaning that we put a number out and subsequent to that number being put out weve reevaluated some construction projects and determined that it was a construction project we still wanted to build and we were still going to go forward and approve the slightly higher increase in construction cost, but did not demand our public filings for those decisions that management had made. If you look on all of the projects that have been opened so far this year, we came in within $400,000 of the estimated budget that we had on those eight projects. So our previously disclosed numbers were low because of what I described, but in completing our projects, were coming in very close to what we had expected.  As Ken described, because of the lack of development going on, were finding construction, general contractors and the cost of construction coming down. There is more competition and were finding that were getting better pricing on the construction cost side and as Ken stated, we would expect to see the price of land to come down that would allow for your yields to be higher.
Omotayo Okusanya - UBS: So, youre actually expecting development yields to go up, not come down?
Kenneth Woolley:  Yes, we would expect that. Well, the projects that were going to be opening next year will be what it is that we previously decided to do which will be in the range of 8.5% to 9.5%, because those projects are all under way and theres nothing that we can do today to change that. The projects that were approving today would have higher yield expectations.
Omotayo Okusanya - UBS: Okay, great and then just going back to the overall; sources and uses of cash in 2009 and 2010, just kind of as part of your sources of cash youre talking about drawing down the line of credit and also the un-drawn as I believe is either a term loan or construction loan that you have. I mean, just kind of given everything thats going on in the credit markets right now, how confident are you that you will have access to those two sources of funding and if youre not confident about having access to it going forward, why dont you try to draw down on those lines right now to just have the cash on hand?
Kenneth Woolley: First of all, we are confident, but secondarily, we have already instituted a program of doing what it is youve described. Two of the banks that are the un-drawn construction loans our banks that are a little more concerning to us and so weve put in the request and drawn down on the loans on those two banks. To ensure that our GE line of credit was in good condition, we put in a request and drew down a pretty good chunk of the line of credit on the GE loan, to do what it is youve described. We will be actively monitoring each one of those loans. The last point is that our construction loans are with major organization and major banks that have had a lot of government intervention, like Wells Fargo, Bank of America; those are the banks that we have our construction loans with. So, were monitoring that, were watching that and if we get a hint that anything is possibly of a concern to us, we will be doing what you suggested, will be drawing down the money so that were sitting on the cash.
Omotayo Okusanya - UBS: Okay, but so far youre in the process, youre monitoring, but you actually havent gotten any of that cash in hand sitting on the shelf?
Kenneth Woolley: We have. Weve actually gotten the cash from two banks that weve draw down and weve actually gotten cash from GE.
Omotayo Okusanya - UBS: Got it and this was all subsequent to the third quarter ending Im assuming.
Kenneth Woolley: That is correct. Its all been done in October.
Omotayo Okusanya - UBS:
 : Ive seen you all kind of follow-up just last week in my neighborhood with 50% off for four months and Im just generally wondering what youre seeing out there right now in regards to concessions and if thats the general trend in regards to trying to maintain occupancy. What youre expectations are going forward in regard to what you think rental rates will look like or effective rental rates will looks like.
Karl Haas: Well, this is Karl. We have seen some of that, not a lot of that. Used storage specifically is doing, Ive seen it in Florida. However, what weve seen in the past is one-month free works better than two months half price and actually three months half price.  We have tried many different things and the three month half price special is a special weve used in the past before there was any strain and stress and we didnt see it work any better than one month free. So were continuing, like I said.  We feel like we are as aggressive as anybody but using the one-month free and I dont think that in general when I travel around and I have traveled around a lot of markets, I havent really seen much of a change. Most peoples are sticking with the one-month free. We were probably the most aggressive and since April, we were doing that with all units, one month free and actually we are planning on backing off from that and using thresholds.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch. 
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: I guess I just wanted to circle back to some of the comments both Ken and Kent had regarding I guess the encumbered assets and your abilities to term those out. I think Kent, you said you guys are thinking about a 7.5 caps at a 75% LTV?
Kent Christensen: Well, thats just for everyone to be able to get a point of reference. Im going to make arguments so we get lower cap rates and higher loan to values, but just using a point of reference, so people can have a gauge for what the kind of availability of the amount of money that we have.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Then I guess just going back and thinking about our previous conversations. I always thought cap rates, as you guys were underwriting them had at least a seven handle on them, moving from 725 to 75 and now here after a couple of bankruptcies, major investment banks, an economic storm that people havent seen in quite some time, blowing out of your development yields, I guess Im just a little curious as to why you havent gotten a little more conservative on that number?
Kent Christensen: Well, when it comes to getting a loan on these properties, all of the banks have to use appraisers and the appraisers are going to be going out to the market and determining about that cap rate is going to be. Since there have been very few transactions, the cap rate is going to be based on data from last year. So, I would expect that the loans that are going to be done in the next six months will have 7.5 cap will be on the high side of what the appraisers are going to be finding in the marketplace.  If your question is, where our cap rate is going, thats Ken already addressed. Im not sure were in a position to be able to determine right now today, what we think thats going to be. What Ive done is determined based on the process that well follow in getting the loans, what I think the appraisers are going to come up with.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: Whats the historic spread been between your development and your acquisitions?
Kent Christensen: Its between 200 and 300 basis points.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay and can you remind me, where is the development yields going to; is it going to 10 to 11 now?
Kent Christensen: Yes. 
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: So, that would imply caps if the historical spread remains in fact somewhere between 7 and 8?
Kent Christensen: Correct.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: I guess with respect to concessions, I just wanted to be clear. So, youre pulling off the concessions for existing customers, correct?
Kent Christensen:  No.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: Youre pushing off that?
Kent Christensen: No, our rate increases to existing customers, longer-term customers will be a little bit less than what weve been doing in the past. The frequency is slightly less.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay, so concessions sequentially going from 2Q to 3Q, can you help me understand what the effective cost of that concession is?
Kent Christensen: I think we can give you those numbers.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: Maybe thats not the right way to look at it. I know our friends at SSDS pointed out lets say almost a dime per square foot and sequentially it hasnt moved that much, but I think if you look at that data, year-over-year those numbers continually just trend higher. So
Kent Christensen: Yes, I mean our discounts have trended higher than the prior year and part of the reason for us, at least and I cant speak to everybodys, but is that starting in April, we changed our policy and we offered all units at one month free. We didnt really feel like we got as much from that and it was actually my idea and it was the bad one, but we thought that it would result in us being able to push rates higher on highly occupied properties and at the same time gain occupancy. We were able to push rates higher at those higher occupied properties, but we didnt see again in occupancy and we felt like we gave away more than we needed to on highly occupied properties. So, we will be making that adjustment and backing off on that, but were going to be as aggressive as we need to be on both pricing and on specials to keep rentals at a healthy level and so far, were seeing that thats working for us.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: I guess Ken, in your 30 year history in this business, have you ever seen such a aggressive use of concessions to maintain occupancy in operating self-storage portfolios?
Kenneth Woolley: Well, Im the one thats probably more closer to this and Ive not been doing if it 20 years and I think specials, the one month free is something that public has been using forever. The rest of the industry really has been forced to follow it. I think at one point, You Store It was trying to not do it and we can listen to their call, but I think they got more aggressive and now even to the three months half price, but it really isnt that much different than what was going on.  I dont think that its changed dramatically. I think its difficult to push street rates and thats what is probably a little bit more concerning right now than specials being more aggressive than they have been in the past.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: So, youre having trouble pushing street rates. Youre not pushing renewals as high as you could and the trend in net rentals is flat to modestly down. Is that fair?
Kenneth Woolley: Yes. Well, let me clarify. We are continuing to push existing customers; were just not pushing them as hard as we have in the past year, because we are a little concerned with vacates and what were looking at is what delta in occupancy is and trying to not lose occupancy.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: Okay. I guess the last question and congratulations on the call center. Im sure it was a tremendous network put together. Are there any changes from a structural perspective on how the field is staffed or compensation associated with that?  I know some of your peers may put a little more emphasis on the call center and maybe the funding of that, maybe the staffing of that. I know you guys were always very forth right and making sure that you had the best people on the ground in the field, but does higher resource utilization or capacity at the home office with the call center, does that structurally change the way you think about your field staff or the way in which the fields going to operate going forward?
Karl Haas: No, because we look at the call center as nothing more than taking that the first part of the sales process and we feel the call center can do a better job on the phone call with a cold call than our existing managers can, but we feel its critical and we think its going to be our competitive advantage on a go forward basis to have the same high quality managers that are going to be doing that follow-up call, which is a warm call because its no longer the first time somebodys talked to us. Its the follow-up call. The customer already said they have a need. Our managers are going to be following up very quickly on that and then as I travel around I ask managers what percentage of the people come in and havent checked on the web, havent called us and theyre just walking in the door shopping, Im getting answers anywhere from 10% to 50%.  So, it is critical to us to keep the same high quality people, highly motivated people at our sites. Will we continue to challenge ourselves to make sure weve got the right staffing at properties? Yes and so in some cases it will result in adjustments both up and down, but were not tying in with our call center a change in what we do at our facilities.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: I guess, I have one other follow-up question. I think some one asked Ken before about IR hurdles with respect to some of your institutional partners and I think you said he didnt have the new hurdle rates. What were the old hurdle rates?
Kenneth Woolley: This is Ken. Most of our joint venture partners depending on the level of debt that they wanted in the funds what we did with them.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: Lets talk un-levered.
Kenneth Woolley: Un-levered would have been in the low teens.
Chris Pike - Merrill Lynch: Un-levered in the low teens IRS?
Kenneth Woolley: Correct, 10, 11, 12.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Just one question. We speak a lot and particularly in your closing prepared remarks about the drivers of the business that really are pertaining to the majority of the tenants that are residential customers. Can you talk a little bit about what youre seeing among your commercial tenants and particularly small business?
Kenneth Woolley: You have it going both ways. Once again, if you talk to our storage managers, ad hoc comments, you hear about a lot of businesses going out of business and closing up and moving out, but what we actually see when you really look at the data is you got that happening and so we lose some tenants as a result of a guy that has a small business and may be going out of business. On the other side what we see happening and in good times what happens is a lot of companies, they grow, they get to the point where they were using self storage, Joe the plumber and he has a business and hes operating it out of the self storage facility. His business grows much, John McCains thrill and he then finds a warehouse and he moves into a warehouse. While things slow down and things are slowing down right now and Joe the plumber decides, You know something, I cant afford a warehouse but Ive still got to run my business. So, he moves back into a self-storage facility and so you have kind of both dynamics going on and as far as the result that I think why we can see some positives coming from businesses that are stressed, because they do contract.  Self-storage is a very cost effective way to operate your business. Youre on a month-to-month basis, if one month you need a 20 by 40, you can rent a 20 by 40. If two months later you only need a 10 by 30, you just come in, you change unit sizes and youve just cut your costs in half.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: So, how do you think about the strategy of pushing rents for those tenants are not relative to what your strategy is around residential tenants?
Kenneth Woolley: Well, I think what weve seen is in the past at least the commercial tenants are more open and easier to push rates on than residential. Theres less resistance to it, so in the past our overall rate increasing were higher to commercial than they were to residential and so far were continuing to operate in that same vein and we havent seen much impact from that. 
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call over to management for closing remarks.
Kenneth Woolley:   Well, this has been a long call, we had a lot of questions; I hope it wasnt too boring to too many people, but I think the basic tenor is our business is doing well and we do thank you all for listening and we look forward to talking to you at NAREIT. Thank you. Bye, bye.
Operator: Thank you for your participation on todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-04 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  James Overturf - IR Kenneth Woolley - Chairman and CEO Spencer Kirk - President Kent Christensen - CFO Karl Haas - COO 
Analysts:  Christine McElroy - Banc of America Securities Christeen Kim - Deutsche Bank Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird Eric Rothman - Urdang Securities 
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2008 Extra Space Storage Earnings Call. My name is Clarissa and Ill be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call Mr. James Overturf from Extra Space Storage. Please proceed.
James Overturf: Thank you, Clarissa. Welcome to Extra Space Storages second quarter 2008 conference call. With us today are CEO and Chairman of the Board, Kenneth Woolley; President, Spencer Kirk; CFO, Kent Christensen and COO, Karl Haas. In addition to our press release we have also furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements addressed matters, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those discussed today. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements related to Extra Space Storages development and acquisition programs, revenue, net operating income, FFO and guidance. We encourage all of our listeners to review a more detailed discussion related to these forward-looking statements contained in the companys filing with the SEC. These forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today. Extra Space Storage assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future because of the changing market conditions or other circumstances. I would now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Kenneth Woolley.
Kenneth Woolley: Hello, everybody. Thank you for joining us today on the Extra Space Storage conference call. I have with me today Spencer Kirk, our President; and Kent Christensen, our Chief Financial Officer and Karl Haas, our Chief Operating Officer and we welcome them also. During the quarter, we maintained our occupancy at our same-store properties and all our properties at a similar level to last year. To put a little color on that, however, our rentals were ahead of last year during April, or about the same as last year during May, and were lower than last year during June. So there was a deceleration in our rental efforts as the quarter went on. So, as when we were ahead at the end of April of last years numbers, we ended up just right at the same occupancy level, this last year -- at the end of June; our vacates didnt vary very much. So, thats one of the reasons that we have lowered our guidance as well talk about further in the call. Our same-store net operating income, including tenant insurance, has increased 3.2% with revenues up 1.8% and expenses down 0.7%. We generated $0.29 of FFO before $0.01 of dilution from our mid May follow-on offering, approximately $1.5 of one-time unrecovered acquisition expenses and a $0.01 dilution from development, which yields a net FFO which is reported up $0.26 per share. We closed during the quarter on the acquisition of two properties in California and Florida for approximately $17.8 million. This included a development property at Seabow in Southern California for $7.5 million. In July, we also acquired an additional 40% interest in an existing joint venture with Prudential Real Estate Investors for approximately $44 million. This provided us with an in place yield of over 8% on the money invested. We currently have eight properties for approximately $58 million under contract for acquisition, which we expect to close by the end of the third quarter. In the second quarter, our development team completed one project in Aurora, Illinois for $6.9 million. Last week, we opened a property in Antelope, California, thats near Sacramento, for a total cost of $8.9 million. And during the remainder of the third quarter, we anticipate opening five more properties with a total cost of $41.5 million. Were on track to open a total of 10 development properties this year, with a total cost of approximately $81 million. During the quarter, we also raised $233 million in a successful secondary offering of common stock. We made the decision to raise the money in May, in order to de-leverage our balance sheet and also to pay down some debt. This new equity raise has in fact given us great -- flexibility for acquisitions and a much stronger balance sheet. Id like to now turn the call over to Karl Haas, our Chief Operating Officer, who will talk a little more about our operational performance. Karl?
Karl Haas: Thanks, Ken. Our same-store properties had another quarter of positive revenue and net operating income growth. As Ken already said, we may not -- we maintained occupancy at last years levels, and increased rents to our existing customers. Including insurance revenue, revenue and net operating income for the quarter were up 1.8% and 3.2% respectively, compared to last year. Excluding insurance revenue, revenue was up 1.4% and NOI was up 2.5. Our teams did a fantastic job of controlling expenses, which were actually down year-over-year for the quarter. For the first six months, same-store revenue was up 2.4 and NOI is up 3.2 including tenant insurance and 1.9 and 2.5 without tenant insurance revenue. Our entire pool of 631 stabilized properties that we manage had similar results to our same-store pool during the quarter. New rentals at our same-store properties during the quarter were down 1.3% compared to last year. However, move outs were also down and as a result, we finished the quarter up essentially flat in occupancy -- I am sorry, we finished the quarter essentially flat in occupancy compared to Q2 07. Looking at our monthly results for the quarter, April was good, was a good rental month, May was flat and June was down. Results thus far in July show were holding flat in square foot occupancy the same time last year. Our same-stores street rates or asking rates finished the quarter up 1.6% above last year. We have expanded our discounting policy somewhat by relaxing the unit occupancy thresholds, and as a result saw a modest 5.2% or $170,000 increase in concessions. We are forecasting slightly higher levels in concessions for the last half of the year, and modest increases in street rates over the same -- over the prior year. We are being flexible with our pricing and discounting strategies, and I believe we are well positioned to be competitive in the market for new rentals. On the positive side, we are not seeing any deterioration of our accounts receivable or bad debt write-offs, both are actually slightly down to the same periods last year. There havent been any major changes in the best and worst performing markets since the first quarter. Top performers were Chicago, Houston, Detroit, Columbus and San Francisco/Oakland with increases in revenue between 4 and 7%. Our four largest markets Boston, Los Angeles, Northern California, Northern New Jersey -- I am sorry New York and Northern New Jersey and Baltimore, Washington DC, all had decent quarters with revenue increases between 2 and 4%. Florida continues to be a drag on our operational performance. Miami which had held its own for several quarters has now gone into negative territory. The impact that Florida is having on our overall numbers is material. Without Florida, same-store stabilized revenue and net operating income growth with tenant insurance income would have been 2.4 and 3.7%, respectively. Without tenant insurance income, same-store revenue and NOI would have been 2.1% and 3.4%. West Palm Beach actually saw an uptick in occupancy though it had continued decreases in store revenues due to much lower rates. In all, our properties in Florida are well positioned, and we have a talented team there. We believe that Florida with its long-term potential for employment and economic growth will continue to be a place where we want to own and operate self-storage. After months of careful analysis, we have made the decision to establish our in-house call center from the ground up in Salt Lake City. Salt Lake City was chosen due to its large presence of existing call center personnel, its educated workforce and proximity to our corporate office. Were in a process of building the human and technology infrastructure, and our goal is to be fully operational early in Q1 2009. While we transition to the internal call center, we will continue to use a third-party call center. The importance of the Internet also continues to grow in terms of attracting new customers. We have seen dramatic increases in visits to our website over the last year. Year-to-date, as of June, unique visits were up 49% and reservations are up 45%. 26% of our customers now use the Internet as a primary source of information when making a self-storage purchasing decision compared to 9% for the Yellow Pages. We are accelerating the reallocation of spending from the Yellow Page advertising to online advertising in upcoming periods. These changes will be based on analysis and data currently being accumulated and analyzed. A quick update before I close, we experienced no negative effects from the earthquake yesterday in Southern California. And, now, Id like to turn over the call over to Kent Christensen
Kent Christensen: Thanks, Karl. Our FFO per share for the first -- for the second quarter came in at $0.26 per share, after approximately $0.015 in unrecovered deal cost or debt deal cost, and $0.01 in development dilution. It also contains $0.01 in drag from the follow-on offering that we closed in mid May. Our properties came in at about $0.01 below what we had budgeted earlier this year. In the question and answer section following our comments, we will be unable to comment on our unrecovered acquisition expenses or debt deal costs due to the agreements that we have signed in and based on advice from our legal counsel. What we can say, however, is we believe that this is a one-time event. Our G&A for the quarter was $10 million and after deducting management fees of $5.3 million our net G&A came in at $4.7 million. Our financial position has improved since our follow-on offering. We use the $233 million of proceeds to pay down approximately $21 million of near-term debt maturities, as well as finance some of our acquisitions. And we have increased our cash volumes to $186 million as of June 30 from $17 million at the end of the year. Our total debt as of the end of the second quarter was $1.3 billion, fixed rate debt as a percentage of our total debt is 91.5 and our weighted average interest rate on all of our fixed and variable rate debt today is 4.9%. Today, we feel like our balance sheet is very strong. We have a total capacity today of about $525 million, which includes the $186 million in cash, a $100 million on our line of credit, and then approximately $100 million on loans that we have closed with individual banks that we have not drawn the funds on those loans. And then an additional $170 million of debt capacity on properties that are unleveraged. Property financing is still available to us for our development deals where spreads between 200 and 225 basis points over LIBOR, 70 to 75% loan to value on three year for a period of three years. As Kent stated, we closed on two acquisitions in the quarter, one in Florida and one in California for approximately $17.8 million. After the end of the quarter, we completed our acquisition of our additional 40% interest and one of the existing joint ventures we have with Prudential for $44 million. And we currently have $58 million under contract which we expect to close by the end of the third quarter. We have not seen much change in the acquisition environment, seller expectations remain high with large spread in the bid to ask. We continue to evaluate deals and have looked at over $900 million of properties that have come to the market for sale since the beginning of the year. Our bids still remain north of the 7.25 cap rate and it seems like seller expectations are still in the sixes. In terms of our development activity, in the second quarter, we opened a property in Chicago for 6.9 and we also opened a property last week in Northern California for $8.9 million. During the third quarter, we estimate openings of five properties located in California, Florida, Illinois and New Jersey for a total cost of $41.5 million. Our total for the year is expected to be 10 properties for total cost of $80.5 million. And at this time, we have in our pipeline about 15 properties expected to open in 2009 for a total cost of $161 million. Turning to our guidance for the year, at this time we believe our fully diluted FFO will be in the range of $1.12 to $1.14 per share before development dilution and $1.08 to $1.10 after considering -- the consideration of approximately $0.04 of development dilution. These estimates include $0.05 in dilution from our May follow-on offering, $0.02 from the loss on our auction rate securities, which occurred in the first quarter and $0.015 on our unrecovered acquisition expenses. Adding these numbers back to our estimates, we are at a run rate of between $1.21 and $1.23 before development dilution and $1.17 and $1.19 after development dilution. The reduction in our guidance is due to our property performances, due to a change in our anticipated property growth in the second half of the year. We had anticipated better growth from the second half of the year, but now we anticipate growth similar to the first six months. Our annual same-store revenue guidance, including tenant insurance income is between 2 and 3% and our NOI is anticipated to be between 2.5 and 3.5%. We have reduced our revenue and NOI guidance since we reported in the first quarter, due to the lower than expected rental revenues and slightly higher discounting than what we had originally budgeted. With that, Ill now turn the call back to Ken.
Kenneth Woolley: Thank you, Kent. 15 months ago, I commented on a potential slowdown in our sector in one of these conference calls. That slowdown is occurring. The good news is that we are still experiencing positive revenue growth and stable occupancy. So the business is still growing, just at a slower pace. Our portfolio continues to perform comparatively well, thanks to the quality location and diversity of our portfolio and our industry-leading revenue management and operational systems. Our new customer survey data shows that the only material change in usage is that we have fewer customers using self-storage as a result of the move, down from 50% in 2006, to 40% currently. Those customers have been replaced however, by customers who are using self-storage to downsize, or for other purposes such as business purposes. The other interesting statistic is that our statistic of how many people have used self-storage when they come to rent, is 50% are first time renters; and that statistic has continued to stay stable for many years. Other positive signs include no increases in move-outs or bad debt. And were continuing to be able to increase existing tenant rates at similar levels to prior years. In addition, new supply remains very low. So where does this take us? We were just seeing the ability to increase our asking rents at a higher level than earlier in the year. Even though we were -- we scaled back our FFO estimates we expect property revenues and NOI to continue on a positive and possibly accelerating rate. Our recent equity offering and strong financial condition has positioned the company to take advantage of acquisition opportunities, which may come about due to the stress in the credit markets. We have not seen much of those opportunities yet but we expect they may come. It has been three years since our acquisition of Storage USA from GE. Weve grown our wholly owned portfolio since the third quarter of 2005 by nearly 40% and our FFO by nearly 50%. Weve implemented more robust technology operational revenue management systems and are continuing to innovate. We have matured as a management team, and though we face challenges, we are ready and willing to address them head-on and go forward. I believe this period of time will once again showcase self storage as a real estate investment type that outperforms other sectors. In closing, I want to thank everybody for your interest and support. Were now ready to take questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Christine McElroy from Banc of America Securities. Please proceed.
Christine McElroy - Banc of America Securities:  Hey, good afternoon, guys. Ken, you spoke earlier about a deceleration in your rental efforts as you went through throughout Q2. What have you seen in July and do you expect a further deceleration in August and September?
Kenneth Woolley:  No, we dont expect a further deceleration. In July, whereas in June, we saw rentals considerably lower than the previous years June with vacates about the same. In July, our rentals are spot on with where they were a year ago, thats up through today, and our vacates are spot on. So our rentals and vacates are virtually the same, in fact, we just looked at the numbers on our same-store pool and were -- our net rentals were 20 units ahead of a year ago in July based on 8500 rentals, which is virtually, thats about as flat as you can be. Also what weve seen is, we have been pushing street rents and our street rents are higher today than they were in June relative to the previous year. But those are our asking rents. So weve been able to push asking rents and so were not expecting any further deceleration -- in fact, it looks like weve got a little bit of an acceleration right now.
Christine McElroy - Banc of America Securities:  So, just a follow-up on the comment about pushing street rents, kind of in an environment where demand trends have slowed. Are you approaching the -- kind of the overall revenue management process today any differently than you were a year ago? And kind of what does that imply for the balance between occupancy and rent growth?
Karl Haas:  This is Karl, Ill jump in here. We really havent changed anything dramatically. As Ken said, starting last year, we saw the slowdown. We did implement becoming more aggressive in discounting. We were aggressive on prices, especially last year. And now, we are getting into a stabilization of occupancy, which we feel is enabling us to push our street rates. Our street rates at the end of the first quarter were flat with the prior year. Right now, were up about 1.6, 1.7% and we think that we can -- we might be able to hold that and even possibly push that a little bit more.
Christine McElroy - Banc of America Securities:  Okay. And then lastly, Kent, you talked about having over 500 million of capacity on your balance sheet. Can you provide a little bit more color on what your plans are in terms of putting some of that capacity to work in the form of kind of incremental investment today?
Kent Christensen:  As I talked about, we have $58 million worth of acquisitions that should occur in the third quarter. Other than that 58 million, we dont have any needs for that capacity at this moment in time. What we do though, believe is that because of the current economic conditions, there could be opportunities that come up on an acquisition front. Thats with the capacity that we have will make for us to be able have these opportunities to be able to acquire properties, or opportunities that could come up. But as of right now, we havent seen many of those; were just anticipating that there could be some ability for that. That being said, if there are acquisition opportunities that do come up, then we are positioned because of the debt that we have coming due next year. We have the ability to repay the debt or refinance it with this money that we have. So, were kind of well positioned either to take advantage of opportunities that come up or if the debt markets dont substantially change or even change a little bit then were able to refinance the loans that we have coming due next year.
Kenneth Woolley:  Just to pipe in here, you might wonder, why have we already paid-off some of that debt rather than holding the money as cash; and one of the reasons is that if you look at our debt maturity schedules, youll notice that the two big debt amounts that are due next year are CMBS loans. And because of the low interest rates in the treasury market, the cost of defeasance of those loans is extraordinarily high. It would not be a good idea for us to pay them out early.
Christine McElroy - Banc of America Securities:  Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Christeen Kim of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Christeen Kim - Deutsche Bank:  Hi, good morning, guys. In terms going back to the revenue growth question, it sounds like June was almost a blip on the screen and July is recovering. But if things continued on the pace that you saw in June in terms of net rentals or net move-outs, would you be surprised if revenue growth flattened out in the second half or even got to zero?
Kenneth Woolley:  Well, I would be surprised if revenue growth would flatten out or get to zero because its not going that direction right now. But clearly, Junes revenue growth was down one -- to 1% level and thats not a very good performance. As Karl had commented earlier, we were talking about, where is our gross income now -- our asking rents now on a whole portfolio basis are up a little over 3%, whereas and yet were maintaining the same rental pace as a year ago, and thats good because early in the -- three months ago, our asking rents were even with where they were a year ago. And part of our slower revenue growth that occurred in the third -- the second quarter was due to the fact that we were being very competitive on asking rents, on average, which led to a slower growth in income. Since we are in fact achieving in July and we are not seeing a deceleration I -- the answer would be I would be very surprised if our revenue growth were 0 to 1% and we are not predicting that.
Christeen Kim - Deutsche Bank:  Okay, fair enough. And are the weaker demand trends impacting your development lease-up at all?
Kent Christensen:  This is Kent. Right now, it doesnt appear that, that is occurring. What were seeing as we normally see in a development project, which is and Ive stated on other calls and in other situations is that, when we put a budget together on our development properties there is one thing that we can guarantee to you and thats that we wont hit that budget. Itll either be better than that or worse than that and we are seeing that. There are properties that are still doing very well, and there are some properties that are doing slower. We just opened a property -- one of the properties that we talked about, one of our acquisitions that is a property that we bought Seabow its in California. I was at that property two weeks ago. It had been opened four weeks and it had rented 50 units, out of about 550 units. So it had leased out 10% in one month. The property is doing very well, but there are other properties that weve opened that are doing slow. So, from our perspective, we are not seeing overall that the properties that we are opening on the development side are leasing up at any slower pace than what we have historically seen. There are exceptions that are faster, and there are exceptions that are slower. But overall, we think its still pretty good.
Christeen Kim - Deutsche Bank:  Okay, thanks guys.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jordan Sadler from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Hi, guys. Could you clarify for me just on the guidance on the core, it looks like same-store property revenue growth expectations, while they were tweaked a little bit, they now include tenant reinsurance income, thats both property revenues -- same-store property revenue and NOI. What would those numbers be today or just on an -- excluding tenant reinsurance income?
Kent Christensen:  About 50 basis points on the top-line and on the NOI. The difference between not including tenant insurance and including it is about 50 basis points in revenue and NOI.
Kenneth Woolley:  Just to comment, why are we couching it that way? There is two reasons. Number one, two of our competitors both Sovereign Self Storage and U-Store-It include insurance revenues in their same-store numbers. Our third competitor Public Storage does not. In the past, we have not. However, in the last year, weve put a lot of emphasis on tenant insurance and the tenant insurance costs roughly $10 for the average tenant per month. Our average tenant cost or rental rate is about $133. So, when 90% of our new customers are now taking tenant insurance way up from a year ago, thats like a price increase, effectively. And so, it may be subtracting a bit from our ability to raise the underlying actual rental rate of the property. Next year the comparisons will not mean very much because they should even out and be the same because well basically have the same percentage of people taking tenant insurance as not. And the same-store should make the same. So, thats why weve given you both numbers this year.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Yeah, that makes sense. I just wanted -- Ken, just to clarify your opening comment. You mentioned that sort of conditions have changed pretty dramatically between early in the quarter and May and June, in terms of the direction of activity. But is that -- is what happened in the second quarter purely attributable to the reduction, I mean, the top-line number went from 3.25 at the midpoint to 2% or were down 125 basis points or more than a third of what you were expecting. And I am curious if that was just a function of the second quarter because it sounds like what youre seeing in going into -- or were you being more cautious on what may happen for the rest of the year?
Kent Christensen:  Let me just say this. Last time we had a conference call, I believe was near the end of April. And we had seen Aprils rentals be 8, 10% above where they were a year ago, so we were quite bullish, and we were quite pleased with what was going on. And so, we didnt revise our guidance, and in fact wed had the $0.02 auction rate security problem and we left our guidance the same because we thought we could overcome the $0.02 auction rate security problem just because things were going good. May was sort of flat with the previous year. But frankly, June did catch us by surprise. I would say that, we were very -- what occurred in June which was nearly a 10% decrease in rental -- number of new rentals, really caught us by surprise. And so, we are erring on the side of cautiousness. Although, we are pleased to see how July is performing right now, in that weve been able to raise street rates, and we are keeping our rentals at the same basis of a year ago. Weve hypothesized internally about why June has been weak. We suspect that one of the reasons may be that during June, a larger portion of the people who are renting rent as a result of the moving process. And we do see that overall over the long run, the number of new movers has declined. And so, June which is a very big rental month for our business May, June and July are our biggest months of the year that that rental portion was probably where we lost customers.  And whats interesting is that the June slowdown in rentals occurred throughout the country, it was not subject in Florida or California or some place, it was everywhere, it was in every market, every district, it was not just in one place. It could be that the negative publicity in the US about the US economy, high oil prices et cetera, changed the consumers attitude, we know that the consumer sentiment is down and that could have affected us. But yet, July, were pretty pleased with.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  And any changes, direct, I know you guys track your tenant behavior pretty intimately. Any changes in tenant behavior worth noting, length of stay or I dont know, anything beyond that, maybe auctions, you said bad debt was flat but are late fees flat as well?
Karl Haas:  Yeah this is Karl. No, we really have not seen and weve been watching for it very closely. Our bad debts are actually down from last year, our accounts receivable as I earlier said are down from last year, late fee income is running around the same. Were not seeing any kind of change in the existing customer base. June was a really bad month as far as rentals, but we really havent seen anything else that would indicate that, there is stress out there.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Okay. And I think, Todd Thomas has one.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Yeah, hi. Can you give us a little more detail on the revisions to your expense growth projections? Whats sort of driving that moderation?
Karl Haas:  I mean, were continuing -- well, I mean, were doing a great job of controlling our payroll expenses and that is something that weve got some, some good things happening on workers comp, and our actual insurance which is helping us and were also continuing to run at below levels on advertising. We have year-to-date and we continue -- we expect to continue that throughout the balance of the year. So those are big -- and those are big portions of our expenses.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Okay. So you dont expect to sort of ramp up advertising at all in the second half or anything?
Karl Haas:  Well, if we do anything, we might be shifting some more dollars to the Internet. Were seeing the best return on our dollars invested in advertising are on the Internet.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  And on the advertising, did you guys -- didnt you guys say last quarter that you were going to be double on that, I guess, the media spend overall? Or does that not show up in advertising?
Karl Haas:  No, it is in advertising. However, we have scaled it slightly back. We werent seeing -- we were spending at an increased level. However, we really were not seeing the results that we expected and so weve pulled it back slightly.
Kent Christensen:  This is Kent. I think also you are seeing the combination of the two companies Extra Space and Storage USA and the full repercussions of the advertising expenses in Yellow Pages and other costs are finally flowing through our financials. So while television advertising is up, the cost of the direct -- the Yellow Page advertising is down. So, net-net, we are down.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  But you also pulled back the advertising at some point because you werent seeing the impact. Did that -- and are you going to --?
Kent Christensen:  That was slightly and that was just in June, so that hasnt really had an effect on the quarter. But really, its only a small amount of change in that -- in the pull-back of that in the month of June.
Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Did you step that back up in July or do you --?
Kent Christensen:  So far we havent but as Karl stated, were looking at the proper use or the most effective use of that money which could be putting it towards the Internet.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Paul Adornato from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets:  Hi. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the decision to internalize the call center process. Are you expecting cost savings, revenue enhancements or both and just to provide a little bit more of what went into that decision?
Kenneth Woolley:  Our expectation is that, we will have better control over what happens at our call center and the quality of the agents, and reaction to performance. And as a result that we will see improved performance and tied to that, we expect it to have a positive revenue effect.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets:  And in terms of the cost, do you think it will be, it will cost more to have your own center and whats the cost of labor in Salt Lake these days?
Kenneth Woolley:  Well, actually the cost of labor in Salt Lake is probably less than it is -- as far as the quality of the labor force versus other areas, the cost is probably slightly less. But we do feel that we probably will see some cost increase. However, we were also anticipating that from our third party vendor. So, either way, it was the cost per store, per month was going to go up slightly.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets:  And whats the timing of implementation?
Kenneth Woolley:  Were going to be starting up in the last quarter. We really expect it to hit the road running in the first quarter of 09.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Michael Knott from Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors:  Guys, can you just give a little bit of color of the deals you have under contract now, given that your bid on cap rate is as you said, generally above what sellers are expecting. Can you just talk about these specific deals, and how you got them and any other notable characteristics?
Kent Christensen:  Mike, this is Kent. As weve reported previously most of the deals that we have under contract right now are relationships that previously Extra Space had established with owners of self storage properties. The negotiated price is up in excess of a seven cap on all of these deals and some of them are better than that. Obviously, since we havent closed on them yet, I wouldnt want to be disclosing the exact specifics of each of those deals, but we do feel that these deals fit within the guidelines that weve previously talked about and we believe that there will be -- that the properties that we are closing on are a good use of the money that we have.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors:  Okay. And then can you talk about the Prudential deal a little bit more. I thought I heard an 8% number but I am wondering if thats sort of a return on equity as opposed to cap rate and then can you ask --?
Kent Christensen:  Thats correct. What Ken was talking about is that is an entity that is 35% leveraged. And so, when you take into account and its debt thats very favorable, when you take into account the cash flows from that entity to us. So, that was a number of a return on equity, not a cap rate on the value of the properties.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors:  Right, okay. And do you happen to have the implied cap rate that you could give or maybe the implied value per square foot?
Kent Christensen:  The cap rate that we came up with Prudential was 7.3%.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors:  And how does that compare to their basis maybe on a price per square foot basis. And then also was there any figuring of any kind of promote that -- was that even a possibility? Did it not trigger? Can you just help us with that?
Kent Christensen:  Yeah. On the calculation of that, there was a small amount of the dollars that were factored that as if you had sold the properties, there was a small amount that was is in the promote and that, Prudential gets yearly appraisals for all of their properties, and those appraisals that were done on these properties, this value we came up with was very close to what they had marked their properties to -- they had to mark their properties to market and it was pretty close to that.
Kenneth Woolley:  But the appraisals that they get is for them as a pension fund. And so, thats -- they have one appraisal company that does all of those appraisals for them and since that we are not trying to get a loan Extra Space nor Prudential has ever argued with the appraisal, appraisers as far as what value they are coming up with. If I was trying to get a loan, I wouldnt have wanted those appraisal numbers. I would be trying to argue for lower numbers. But for the purpose that Prudential gets them, it works for them.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors:  And then, did you have -- happen to have sort of an implied price per square foot? And how that compare to their initial basis three years ago?
Kenneth Woolley:  No, we didnt have a discussion with them about that.
Kent Christensen:  It was higher than they paid for properties.
Karl Haas:  Yeah, but then it was right on, they had marked the properties to market but that value was higher than what the purchase price of the properties like Kent just said.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors:  Okay. And then, just to make sure were clear on the sort of the delta in the FFO guidance; it looks like $0.10 midpoint to midpoint. Can you just again go through what -- how you get from call it 109 from the old 119?
Karl Haas:  Yeah, $0.05 is due to the dilution from our equity raise, and the placement of that money. The money that its earning today based on what we can all eventually be able to place that money at. Second is the one-time cost of our debt deal acquisition cost of about $0.015. We have $0.02 of -- those are related to our auction rate securities that occurred in the first quarter. And then the difference between those two is a slowing down from our original budgets from the -- at the beginning of the year as to how we feel like our properties are going to perform in the second half of the year. As I stated earlier, we felt like that we were going to see the properties perform better in the second half of the year compared to the first half and thats what we modeled, and now looks like theyre going to come in pretty close to what we saw in the first half as what was going to occur in the second half.
Kenneth Woolley:  Also Kents comment, he also indicated that the properties had performed -- miss-performed by $0.01 per share in the second quarter. So you add the $0.01 per share for the second quarter plus about another one or two in the second half and thats how you get there.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors:  Right.
Kenneth Woolley:  Because the auction rate security issue was already disclosed when we had given you the guidance of 119.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors:  Right. Okay.
Kenneth Woolley:  So, effectively, you know that is a one-time yet. If you add the $0.05 plus the $0.015 in the one-time debt deal cost, you are $0.065 and we are shy by, we are shy by --
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors:  $0.02 of the debt deal.
Kenneth Woolley:  The debt deal, well its really $0.015 Youre $0.035 shy. $0.01 of that already occurred which means $0.025 of that occurs in the second half. So its $0.035 property performance and the rest of the other items.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of from Paula Poskon from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird:  Thank you. You had said that the insurance penetration among new renters was about 90% and I know in your guidance youve raised your expectation for the actual dollar amount by about $1 million. Given the slowdown in the new rental activity, where do you -- what is the total portfolio penetration for that and where do you think that number can get to by year-end?
Kenneth Woolley:  Yeah, first, I want to correct you. There is no slowdown in new rental activity, except during the month of June. Okay. So there isnt a slowdown. July is the same as it was a year ago in July.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird:  Okay.
Kenneth Woolley:  But the overall penetration I think its about 42, 43% right now. Its just moving up because we started putting the focus on this about a year and-a-half ago and gradually the existing tenants come on and it just takes time.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird:  So, where do you think you can get back to by year end or do you have a target?
Kenneth Woolley:  Karl, do you have a target.
Karl Haas:  Were hoping, actually at the end of July that number is sitting around 44%. Were hoping to hit around 50%. I mean, our original goal was 40 but were making some pretty good progress and were growing at about a little -- around a percent a month as far as overall penetration. So its an aggressive goal but thats what were shooting for at this point.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird:  Okay. And on the development schedule, it looks as though a couple of completion dates have slipped a little and that some of the funding hasnt really changed very much from the end of Q1 to Q2. Can you just talk a little bit about what youre tracking there, what your plans are on some of those projects?
Kenneth Woolley:  As most people on the call know, when it comes to development, theres always problems that occur in getting our properties developed. And so the slips on our schedule from properties moving from one quarter to another or from one year to another is all due to the timing of getting our properties entitled, starting the construction and then getting the construction completed. We have a substantial team of people that are monitoring that and what we put in our supplemental schedule is just what our -- right now our goal is for trying to accomplish and getting those properties built. But in a few instances we have properties that slip from one quarter to another or from one year to another. Ones that are in the fourth quarter, sometimes slip into the beginning of the next year which is whats occurred. Theyre all properties that are still under way. Theyre still really good sites. Everything about the property is still similar to what we had expected, its just that the timing in getting them completed has moved a little bit.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird:  Thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky from RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets:  Good afternoon. Looking at your schedule there that your wholly-owned properties, your joint venture properties and your managed properties, we saw a big uptick in the number of managed properties this quarter. Was there any reason behind that?
Kent Christensen:  Yeah, this is Kent. We were able to sign a new contract with a party that we had had previously managed a small number of properties for them. The work that we had done with them, we had been so successful at the management that we had done that they came to us and asked us to manage all of their properties, which was about 20 properties in total. So we went from four to about 20. And that organization came on in the end of the second quarter and its now a very good opportunity for Extra Space and the client is very happy with the work that weve done for them.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. Secondly, just going at the demand maybe a different way here, you guys tracked very good operating -- very good statistics among your tenants. Are you seeing any differences between the residential and the commercial segment of demand right now?
Karl Haas:  No. This is Karl. No, we have not.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. Let me see here then. Kent, last time you had talked about financing in the market. Weve seen obviously some banks that have had some problems here. Has there been any change in financing? Are banks still lending. If you were to go out in the market today, looking for mortgage money, where would the terms be on that?
Kent Christensen:  For development or acquisitions.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets:  Just.
Kent Christensen:  Or for refinancing or for development.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets:  For refinancing.
Kent Christensen:  Were still seeing on the refinancings of our existing debt, we still have a lot of appetite for Extra Space, in doing loans that are on balance sheet at local regional and national banks where theyre able to not exceed the amount of loan lending limit that they can have with one organization like Extra Space, but as long as were below those lending limits per bank, they are very willing to loan to us on a secured basis, first mortgages on properties between 70 and 75%, three years, variable rate, between 200 and 250 basis points over LIBOR, than those if we so choose could be swapped into fixed rate instruments. That seems to be the money thats available today. Obviously, the CMBS market is -- while there is some ability to borrow in the CMBS market, the rate and the spreads are so high its still as effectively not a market that were in right now.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay, staying along on the debt conversation there, theres been some changes in accounting for next year relating to exchangeable notes. Whats the impact going to be from a mark-to-market for your exchangeable notes?
Karl Haas:  Were still working with that with our auditors to make sure we completely understand the rules. The rules are out there but they are subject to interpretation by both the company and the auditors and we want to make sure that were on the same page as our auditors in interpreting the rules that have been put out there. So were working with them but the -- it appears that its somewhere between $0.02 and $0.05 would be the amount of the non-cash impact on our FFO next year. And I could -- thats a very broad range of 2 to 5 because theres a number of assumptions that go into the calculations that the rules require us to make.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. Then finally, theres been some news lately with municipalities running shortfalls. How are real estate taxes looking versus expectations and do you expect -- do you expect them to come in the line in the second half of the year or do you expect to see some pretty big increases?
Karl Haas:  We havent seen many changes on a real estate taxes either positively or negatively this year and the information that were getting from our consultants and what we are seeing in our properties, is right now everything is pretty much status quo like I said we havent seen big changes one way the other yet.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay, thanks guys.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Eric Rothman from Urdang Securities. Please proceed.
Eric Rothman - Urdang Securities:  Yes, good afternoon. I wanted to ask about the contingent conversion shares. Your guidance before was for 3.3 million shares converting, now youve cut that to 1.4. Half of which youve already done. Why is that? Is the performance of those assets slowing faster than you had expected? It looks like the rolling 12 month NOI, the growth in that NOI over that threshold amount, the growth rate has been slowing, not that theyre not still growing but their growth rate has been slow and is that just indicative of those projects or is that the market overall.
Kenneth Woolley:  No, its just indicative of the projects, the properties. These properties are now in the high 70s in occupancy and as a property gets closer to being full you would expect the growth rate to slow. All youre seeing is that as these properties are nearing the final lease-up of the properties, which is occurring on most of the properties, youll see a slowing in the amount of conversion of those properties. It could be that we end up slightly better than what we originally projected, but right now were -- the numbers that we previously disclosed are what we think is going to happen. Youll see in the third and fourth quarter there wont be the number of units converting as have been historically in the last three and four quarters, because of the slowing, because of the properties reaching their full lease-up.
Eric Rothman - Urdang Securities:  Do you still ...
Kenneth Woolley:  No, its not a reflection of the economy or anything else going on. Its just the fact that these properties are now finally full.
Eric Rothman - Urdang Securities:  Okay. But I guess thats changed from last quarter when you thought, twice as many would be converted in 2008?
Kenneth Woolley:  No, there was -- they are about the same amount that was converted in the first quarter, converted in the second quarter. I think you might be looking at year-to-date as opposed to quarter-to-date.
Eric Rothman - Urdang Securities:  Oh, really not ...
Kenneth Woolley:  The quarter -- in the first and the second quarter, the percentage of conversion was pretty close to the same in the two quarters.
Eric Rothman - Urdang Securities:  Sure, I absolutely understand that. But last quarter, your guidance was for 3.3 million shares to convert, this time its 1.4?
Kenneth Woolley:  The 3 million is a total to-date as opposed to the quarter. Thats why it looks like its doubled. Its not that its doubled, its that the number is a year-to-date number.
Eric Rothman - Urdang Securities:  Okay, I guess Ill have to double check that. Do you still expect all of the units to convert?
Kenneth Woolley:  All of the units what?
Eric Rothman - Urdang Securities:  All of the units I think it was 8.5 million if I recall correctly. To convert because there is a certain period by which they need to convert or option just goes away.
Kenneth Woolley:  No, right now were on -- we will have a Board meeting for the second quarter and then after that Board meeting for the second quarter there will be two more Board meetings for the third and fourth quarter of this year. Following the fourth quarters Board meeting, the meeting that involves the fourth quarter of this year, that will be the final Board meeting. Were anticipating that the number of units that could convert will be somewhere in total between 75 and 80% of the total amount that could convert.
Eric Rothman - Urdang Securities:  Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line a follow-up question from Jordan Sadler from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Follow-up on the managed property pick-up. Is there any incremental fee? I mean, that line item actually ticked up sequentially. I know you said you picked it up in the back end of the quarter, but what should we expect on a fee income basis out of those 19 properties?
Kenneth Woolley:  Well, whats included in the second quarter is that in rolling out a -- when we bring on a new property under management, we get a one-time start-up fee for doing that and so what there is in the second quarter is a little bit higher than average management fee income because of those one-time fees that we got in the second quarter. So on the third quarter, youll see it go down slightly relatively but we also didnt have all of the properties in the third -- second quarter and we have all of them starting the beginning of the third quarter. So our management fee income will still tick up in the third quarter but it wont be as much growth because youll lose the one-time effect that occurred in the second quarter.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  So, how big was that fee the one time?
Kenneth Woolley:  I am sorry, what..
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  The one time fee was few hundred thousand or a couple hundred thousand?
Kenneth Woolley:  No, its a little over $100,000.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Okay. And then so for the full year contribution from these managed properties including the fee probably be under 0.5 million?
Kenneth Woolley:  No, it will be over 0.5 million. The -- on the annualized basis would be over a $0.5 million.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Okay.
Kenneth Woolley:  And, well obviously since they came on halfway though the year, we wont see all that this year but on an annualized basis we would.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Okay. Somewhere in that range 0.5 million or a million something like that?
Kenneth Woolley:  Yeah, in between those two numbers.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Your final question comes from the line of Michael Knott from Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors:  Hey Ken or Kent I think you had previously spoken about the possibility of forming joint ventures with some of the currently wholly owned properties. Can you just talk about where that process stands and how you are thinking about that today?
Kenneth Woolley:  We may do that in the future Michael but right now we are not because we really -- if we form joint ventures with our current wholly owned properties it will bring us more cash and it will be a bigger drag to our financial statement. So, we really, we need to find profitable places to deploy our capital after which wed look at that again.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors:  Okay, thats what I thought. Thanks. And then lastly, I may have missed this in the beginning but I wasnt sure if Spencer was on the call today and if he was if you would care to comment on some of the projects he has been working on structurally organization-wise?
Spencer Kirk:  Thanks for the question. The initiatives that Ive been focusing on, Michael, are company-wide and they deal with optimization of a lot of things. Let me give you an example. With the decision to do a call center in-house, theres a huge IT component for data mining. Were putting a customer resource management module on top of that, to get the data. There will be a web strategy that ties into the call center, because they are linked. And revenue management initiatives will also dovetail into a call center initiative. Look at several of the initiatives that weve got going, theyve all tied at increasing the top line and controlling expenses so that we produce better NOI and those are the initiatives that I think, without going into a lot of detail, would give you some flavor that theyre company-wide and all very well integrated. A lot of resources being dedicated to making sure that its harmonized so that when a call center for instance is deployed, were getting optimal value for the dollars invested.
Michael Knott - Green Street Advisors:  Thank you.
Operator:  At this time there are no further questions in queue. I like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Kenneth Woolley: Thank you. We appreciate all of you coming to listen to our conference all today and we appreciate your involvement and investment in our company and we thank those, those of who asked questions. We hope the answers were informative and we looked forward to talking to many of the analysts and shareholders in the coming days. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-04 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  James Overturf  Director, Risk Management Kenneth M. Woolley - Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer Spencer F. Kirk  President & Director Kent W. Christensen - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Karl T. Haas - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Christeen Kim  Deutsche Bank David Toti  Lehman Brothers [Samidh Parikh]  Bank of America Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Capital Markets Paul E. Adornato - BMO Capital Markets Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia Securities Chris Pike  Merrill Lynch Michael Knott- Green Street Advisors Mike Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets Buck Horn  Raymond James Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets  
Operator:  Welcome to the Extra Space Storage first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, James Overturf of Extra Space Storage.
James Overturf: Welcome to Extra Space Storages first quarter 2008 conference call. With us today are CEO and Chairman of the Board, Kenneth M. Woolley; President, Spencer Kirk; CFO, Kent Christensen; and COO, Karl Haas. In addition to our press release we have also furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements address matters which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those discussed today. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements related to Extra Space Storages development acquisition programs, revenues, net operating income, FFO and forward-looking guidance.  We encourage all of our listeners to review a more detailed discussion related to these forward-looking statements contained in the companys filings with the SEC. These forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of today. Extra Space Storage assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future because of changing market conditions or other circumstance. With that Id like to turn the call over to Extra Space Storages Chairman and CEO, Kenneth M. Woolley.
Kenneth M. Woolley: We have with us today Spencer Kirk, our President; Karl Haas, our Chief Operating Officer; and Ken Christensen, our Chief Financial Officer. As you can see by our results you can tell that the storage business is not suffering due to the slowdown here in the economy. We do have some weakness in parts of the country but by and large the business is good and were very happy with that. We sustained or kept our occupancy stable on a year-on-year basis with rentals for the quarter actually increasing 2% and move-outs decreasing just over 1% on a same store basis during the quarter. So far in April our occupancy has actually increased on a same store basis and rentals are slightly ahead of the year before and the vacates are slightly behind, so this is a good sign during the busy rental season time which were just now entering. Overall we generated $0.28 of FFO for the quarter before on impairment charge which Kent will talk about in more detail regarding our auction rate securities and our development dilution. After the $0.02 impairment and the $0.01 for development dilution we generated a net of $0.25 of FFO per share for the quarter.  Our same store revenues including tenant insurance income was up 3% as we maintained our occupancy and increasing rents to existing customers. We chose to show the same store income with both insurance and without insurance because we have been making a fairly intensive push on encouraging our tenants to purchase tenant insurance from us.  Two of our competing public self-storage companies, Sovran Self Storage and U-Store-It both include the tenant insurance in their same store numbers and public storage doesnt. We had actually had included it up until this past year and then didnt include it last year. In the future well show it both ways so you can see it both ways. The growth rate was within our expectations for the quarter and were reasonably pleased with the pace. We do expect however that that pace will increase slightly during the coming quarter. We made no acquisitions during the quarter. While there is still a market out there for buying properties we have raised our cap rates for purchase, the sellers have not been willing to bring down their price and the result has been I guess you call it disintermediation. There has been a slowdown in the number of transactions taking place, not just by ourselves but I think in the market generally sellers still have high expectations.  Were being more conservative in our buying expectations so its slowed down our ability to buy. In talking with our head of development yesterday he feels like hes just now seeing a few people lower prices which may give us the opportunity to buy more during the coming quarter. On the development front we have 10 properties that will be opened this year with a total cost of $83.2 million. We had no openings during the first quarter. We expect several properties to open during the second quarter. In total we have 40 properties in our development pipeline at various stages from just the initial contract on the land all the way through construction and just about opening.  Those of you who attended our Investor Day last month saw that these developments will provide us solid opportunity for higher lifetime rates of return than outright purchases and we are expecting these developments to contribute to our FFO growth in the future although in the short run they are diluted in the long run they are accretive. In fact if you took all the developments that we have already opened or will open this year and you mark them to market as if they were fully full they would be accretive to about $0.16 a share in our numbers. In addition to the Investor Day materials that were added to our website at the time of the Investor Day weve also provided a couple of additional tables this quarter which may be of interest to many of you in the supplemental package. One of those tables shows the rental activity for our same store properties rental vacates which well be updating you on in the future so you can see the trend of rental activities and vacates during the quarter. With that Id like to turn the call over to Karl Haas, our Chief Operating Officer who will give you more detail on our performance.
Karl T. Haas: As Ken said at the property level we had another good quarter of growth. Our same store grew by 211 properties experienced a 3% increase and a 3.2% increase in net operating income which includes tenant insurance income. Average square foot occupancy during the quarter and at the end of the quarter were flat compared to 2007. Net rentals were up 2% for the quarter and move-outs down 1.1% which we think is a good sign considering all the news about the economy recently. Our expense growth came in at budgeted levels at 2.7%. Our team did a great job of controlling the expenses especially given the large increases in snow removal expenses over last year. RevPAR for the same store pool increased 2.2% to $13.98 a square foot. The increase came from improved achieved rents from our existing customers. In a year-on-year comparison of street rates we have seen the delta come closer in line to last year in the past month. We anticipate equilibrium by early summer and to have more pricing power as the year continues. Were continuing to strengthen our grip on unified pricing management at the individual unit level as our technological capabilities allow us to do more to maximize revenue through more data based analysis. That capability is definitely allowing us to price more accurately in tune with customer demand and competition. We have significant technology upgrades going in throughout the organization this year and we are looking forward to applying those upgrades in the pursuit of greater pricing optimization and operating efficiency. Our entire pool of 615 stabilized properties that we manage had similar results to our same store pool during the quarter. Same store occupancy for this group of properties increased a solid 50 basis points to 84% compared to 83.5% same time in 2007. This we think shows that demand is still strong. Looking at the performance of our markets the top performers were Chicago, Houston, Detroit, Columbus, Dallas, Nashville and San Francisco-Oakland with increases in revenue between 6 %and 13% in those markets. Our four largest markets of Boston, Los Angeles, New York-New Jersey and Baltimore-D.C. all had sound quarters with revenue increases between 2.8% and 4%. We have been speaking about stabilization of occupancy and revenue in Florida for at least the last few quarters and stabilization has been seen somewhat in Miami, Tampa and a few other smaller markets in Florida. However many markets in Florida continue to struggle, in particular the West Palm Beach market is still not performing. Their properties are well located, we have a good team and we are being proactive with pricing and discounting and we are hopeful that the bottom has been reached. To give you an idea of the impact of Florida on our overall revenue growth without Florida same store stabilized revenue growth with tenant insurance income would have been 3.8% versus the 3% that we reported with Florida included. Supply has been a discussion point in recent months as well. For Extra Space new supply remains a non-issue in the majority of our major markets. Based on local level surveys by our field staff newly opened projects and projects scheduled to open that will impact our existing properties continue to drop with the exception of the Phoenix and Philadelphia markets. For the second rental season in a row we recently began our international cable television advertising to drive more traffic to our stores. Our ads began running at the end of March and will run through the end of August. The ads are on specific programs that proved successful last year such as Discovery, Food Network and DIY. We also have some spots in Spike TV for those of you who are closet ultimate fighting fans. We are testing different length ads this year and different messages. The spots direct people to our toll-free number and the website and on the website weve already seen significant increases in traffic. Well have more data to share on our program the results in our second quarter call. And now Id like to turn this call over to Kent Christensen, our CFO.
Kent W. Christensen: Our FFO per share for the first quarter came in at $0.28 as Ken stated before our impairment charge on our auction rate securities and dilution from our development program compared to $0.25 in the same quarter of last year. Taking into consideration the $0.02 from our impairment charge and the $0.01 drag from our recently opened development properties our fully diluted FFO per share for the quarter came in at $0.25. On February 29 we liquidated our holdings in our auction rate securities for $21.8 million in cash. Our total write down on our auction rate securities from its original investment was $2.6 million. We took a $1.4 million write down in this quarter and a $1.2 million write down in the fourth quarter of last year. We have retained our right to pursue action against the broker-dealer who sold us the securities though a potential settlement cannot be assumed or timed. Our cash today is currently held in Treasury backed securities and we are not exposed in any significant way to the credit markets. Our financial position improved in almost every aspect. Total revenues increased 22.2% which included a robust 23.3% increase in rental revenues and a 62.3% increase in our tenant insurance revenues. Gross G&A for the quarter was $10.2 million and after deducting management fees of $5.1 million net G&A came in at $5.1 million. Net income excluding the $1.4 million loss on our auction rate securities rose 25.2%.  On the acquisition front we have seen nearly $900 million in properties for sale and have underwritten $280 million of them. This is a decrease from the level of activity we saw in the previous year. Our bids on average have been North of an equivalent 7.25% cap rate.  In the second quarter we anticipate the opening of three development properties at a total cost of $24.7 million. These properties are located in Chicago and Los Angeles. For the year we estimate opening 10 properties for approximately $82 million and we expect 14 completions in 2009 for $146 million. Since January 1 we have closed four construction loans and still find we are able to obtain development financing with favorable terms. Our previously opened developments continue to add value to the company. Though development does have a short-term drag on our earnings they are extremely valuable in the long term. For example if all the development properties for 2008, 2007 and 2006 are fully stabilized using todays rates their contribution to FFO of this year would represent a swing of $0.16. For modeling purposes we have estimated our drag from our development program to be approximately $0.06 this year.  At this time we believe our debt is at an appropriate level for the self-storage product type given our stability of cash flows. Our total debt is $1.3 billion which represents percentage of debt to total market cap including OP units of 53.3%. Our debt profile is predominantly fixed rate debt and has well state maturities. The Feds interest rate cuts have benefited our variable rate debt considerably. Our current rate as of the end of the quarter was 4.4% down from 5.9% as of December 31, 2007. Our percentage of fixed rate debt to total debt is 90.4% on all of our fixed and variable rate debt is 5%. We have $100 million available on our line of credit of which none is drawn. The credit market for us is a bit more restrictive but we can get financing. As of today we can obtain on-balance sheet loans from financial institutions. However the CMBS market is not accessible. Our relationship lenders are consistently pitching us on new business. Underwriting requirements for on-balance sheet loans have changed from where they were a few months ago and debt service coverage has increased. Variable rate loans spread average LIBOR plus 300 and fixed rate loans are going for around 6%. Five and 10-year deals are becoming harder to find as most banks are sticking to the one and three year timeframes.  Even while conventional credit is tight there remains significant interest from large institutional investors to invest in self-storage. We are speaking with potential partners on a regular basis but have no definitive deals at this time. This is another way for Extra Space to finance this growth should the credit markets remain tight. At this time we reiterate our guidance for the full year of fully diluted FFO in the range of $1.23 to $1.27 per share before development dilution and $1.17 to $1.21 after consideration of the dilution. For the second quarter we estimate that our fully diluted FFO will be in the range of $0.31 to $0.32 per share before development dilution and $0.29 to $0.30 per share after considering this dilution.  Our assumption for our same store revenue and NOI growth for the second quarter is between 3% and 4%. The underlying assumptions behind our annual guidance are listed in our earnings release but I will highlight that it assumes no acquisitions and no settlement with our broker dealer on the auction rate securities. With that Ill turn the call back to Ken.
Kenneth M. Woolley: To summarize were off to a good start in 2008. Back in February we forecasted same store revenue and NOI growth between 2.5% and 4% for the year. Though we came in at the lower end of the range for the quarter it is the slowest rental period of the year and were already seeing improvement.  As I said since I started in this business over 30 years ago I have seen some ups and downs in the business. One of the things that I would say is that during slower times growth does slow and then during better times growth increases but theres always been growth and our own records over a 20-year period the growth has been in the range of 4.5% in terms of revenue growth. Its been an excellent industry. Our data today shows that 50% of our customers are new and have never used self-storage. Its really interesting when you consider 9% of US households are now using self-storage and yet of our new customers 50% have never used it before.  Who are our customers and why do they come? Our customers come primarily because of some life-changing event. Often its a graduation, a wedding, a divorce, a job move, a job loss, a retirement, something that changes in someones life. Many of those changes have nothing to do with the upward or downward motions of the economy. They are life changes and I think that thats one of the reasons that we see self-storage be so stable in these economic times particularly considering when you look at our rentals and vacates of how close they are to the same period of last year. Our properties are performing positively thanks to our continued pursuit of operating best practice, our technology leadership and our superior locations of many of our properties. For those same reasons we continue to see our ability to raise rents to existing customers. We are however being very competitive particularly in the weaker markets on a price basis.  For example today our street rate prices are lower in Philadelphia area and in Florida but theyre higher in Texas and New England and Chicago. So if you look over the whole country our street prices are about even with last year but they vary highly by parts of the country based upon the economic activity and storage rental activity. Were consistently looking for ways to grow by acquisition. However we havent been able to buy anything at least in this quarter. Were optimistic well be able to see some things in the second quarter and we taking a conservative underwriting approach. People have asked us where are you going to get your capital to buy more properties and the answer in the short run is that we have quite a bit of capacity on our lines of credit and our ability to borrow. In the longer run we are looking at a possibility of a joint venture arrangement for some of our properties that will bring more capital into the company so that we can continue to grow. Im very confident in Extra Spaces ability to continue to grow revenues and value for our shareholders. Some of you may have come to our recent Investor event in San Francisco or listened to it on the web. I think those attendees came away with understanding better our company where we had all of our procedure management there talking with you.  We are always seeking ways to improve whether its through further upgrades of our industry leading operational and technology systems, through stepping up the game with our already great team of people and by adding scale and performance to our quality portfolio. We appreciate the support of our investors. Were actually pretty pleased with the performance of our shares as many of your investors made in the last quarter as I think not only ourselves but our peer in the self storage business have gotten the message out that we do well in slower times and I think the market is starting to realize that and were happy about that and I would expect that our peers in the self storage business will also put up some good numbers this quarter. With that Id like to close and give you an opportunity to ask questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Christeen Kim  Deutsche Bank.
Christeen Kim  Deutsche Bank: Ken, you have mentioned and I know youve spoken about this before but joint venturing some of your properties to help improve the balance sheet, it sounds like youre pretty early in the process. How soon do you think we could hear an update on that or something actually further along?
Kenneth M. Woolley: I think it will probably take a couple of months. We have identified a portfolio of properties that we would like to bring to the market. We have not yet put that out to potential joint venture partners. We have received some interest from some of our current joint venture partners and we know theres others who are interested. I would say its going to be a couple of months. Since we havent had a lot of acquisitions in the pipeline we havent felt the pressure right now to do that so we havent yet gotten it done.
Christeen Kim  Deutsche Bank: In terms of the core operations were there any markets that surprised you this quarter either to the upside or downside?
Karl T. Haas: On the upside I think Austin and Houston and Nashville are somewhat surprises. Houston, the oil industry and the pluses going on there. Nashville is a pleasant surprise and its been a long time since weve seen anything big there. Nothing on the negative side thats a big surprise.
Kenneth M. Woolley: I think one of the surprises I have is we continue to see strength in Detroit which is amazing in my view and Im pleased to see Boston and the whole Northeast doing well for us right now. Thats a pleasant surprise since we have such a big group of properties there.
Christeen Kim  Deutsche Bank: Finally, I know your same store pool is a little different this quarter than Q4, do you know what the sequential change in occupancy was in your new same store portfolio?
Kenneth M. Woolley: If you looked at the current same store pool as of December 31 versus now we actually gained occupancy and I think its about 50 basis points.
Kent W. Christensen: Compared to last year it has improved.
Kenneth M. Woolley: If you look at the current 211 and you said what was it as of December 31, 2007 versus December 31, 2006 we were actually behind half a percentage point in that pool as of December 31, 2007 so we picked up 50 basis points to be at break even. Weve actually gained another 0.1% on that pool through today versus the previous period.
Christeen Kim  Deutsche Bank: Thats the 211?
Kenneth M. Woolley: Thats the 211 so weve actually picked up 60 basis points since the first of the year in the first four months.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Toti  Lehman Brothers.
David Toti  Lehman Brothers: Theres been a lot of talk about correlation between your business and markets that are seeing elevated foreclosure levels. It seems like the mix of markets that youve seen success in and some softness in dont really correlate with some of those foreclosure markets. Can you comment a little bit on that?
Kenneth M. Woolley: I think the answer is that our business doesnt correlate that well with foreclosures. Some other high foreclosure markets are Stockton, California where were not doing very well. 
Kent W. Christensen: Phoenix, Albuquerque are showing some signs. In those markets where there are foreclosures and basically an overall downturn in the market we are seeing some [inaudible].
Kenneth M. Woolley: Except for Detroit where were doing well.
David Toti  Lehman Brothers: Switching over to the development pipeline, youre obviously not pulling back on any of the existing projects that are underway but in terms of your shadow pipeline are you scaling back the investment dollars or delaying any of the delivery or start times.
Karl T. Haas: We are not. As weve discussed previously the development program is a program thats a five to six year commitment. Once you decide that youre going to develop a property and put it under contract its not until five to six years from now that you see the fruits of that. By pulling back today all its doing is hindering our growth three and four and five years from now.  We believe that the development program is a long-term sustainable program that Extra Space should be in for the long run. At the level that were at and between 10 and 15 properties a year we think that is sustainable with our current capital structure and we think that its bringing a lot of value to the overall company that Extra Space is building in the long term. It is a program that we believe in and well be continuing to do.
David Toti  Lehman Brothers: I assume theres been no changes to the underwriting in those and you expect to stabilize yields and so forth?
Karl T. Haas: We brought up about 50 basis points while were hoping to get on the deals that were approving today but as is similar to the acquisitions side were finding sellers a little reluctant to bring the price of their land down which is the big component of helping to try and get our yields up on that. Were slightly higher than what we were a year ago but just slightly higher.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Samidh Parikh]  Bank of America.
Samidh Parikh  Bank of America: Can you quantify or provide additional color on the impact that the increase in ad spending has had on website traffic and how its translating into increased rental activity?
Kent W. Christensen: We just started it March 29 and while weve seen a spike in hits on the web, we dont really have the full flow through of the rentals yet.
Samidh Parikh  Bank of America: Given the current disconnect between buyers and sellers in the private transaction market, in your view is buying an additional stake in your joint ventures a better way to put capital to work today than trying to go out and do acquisitions in the market?
Kenneth M. Woolley: With respect to buying an additional stake I think we announced publicly at our Investor event that we have been negotiating to buy an additional stake in one of our Prudential joint ventures, one of the smaller joint ventures, and we had reached agreement to do that and we expect to close on that this quarter. Its not an either or because we cant really time when our joint venture partners want to sell their interest.  This is a voluntary thing, this is a negotiated thing and right now except for this one case we dont have any joint venture partners. When Im talking about that Im talking about our larger joint ventures that are interested in selling any of their stake. Were willing to do both. We view both types of investments as being positive but we really cant time when we take out one of our larger joint venture partners.
Samidh Parikh  Bank of America: Lastly, could you walk us through the increase in G&A expense this quarter and maybe what we should be expecting for the run rate in the year?
Karl T. Haas: The run rate for this quarter should be very comparable to what were going to see for the remainder of this year. Were not seeing anything unique in this quarter that would be different for the rest of the year and the increases from the previous year do a lot to the acquisitions that we did last year, bring on a number of properties and the G&A cost increase for that, an overall increase just because salaries have gone up 4% to 5% and then a slight increase in the amount of long term compensation for some of our executive team.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just following up on a previous question on the purchase of the joint venture partners interest that you announced at the Investor Day, what is the motive of the partner of Prudential looking to reduce exposure?
Kenneth M. Woolley: First of all this is a single client account at Prudential and that single client account was reducing their overall investment in real estate. It was not a multi-client account. Im not sure the whole reason behind it. Whats interesting is that there are other accounts at Prudential who would like to increase their exposure to self-storage and have indicated that they would like to look at other opportunities to buy with us but because of their internal mechanisms theyre not really allowed to sell between one account to the other. Otherwise I think theyd be acquiring their own joint venture.  Our corporate General Counsel just came over to me and said that we havent actually reached a final agreement with Prudential on the exact terms of this deal. Weve reached a tentative verbal agreement but we havent actually got it in writing so it could still come unwound and I was probably a little bit premature in mentioning either at our Investor Day or now. But since I mentioned the Investor Day I brought it up here. Thats one of the reasons it hasnt closed, because theres a few deal points that we havent finely negotiated.
Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Assuming that it were to get done what cap rate are we expecting.
Kenneth M. Woolley: Its a cap rate in the same ballpark of what were buying other properties in the $7.25 million range.
Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Capital Markets: That would be financed under the line, at this point?
Kenneth M. Woolley: Yes. Its about a $44 million purchase.
Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Capital Markets: The TV, the media spending, could you give us a guestimate as to roughly how much that is going to cost you in the second and third quarters?
Kent W. Christensen: I think last year we spent about $700,000 and I think were going to double that this year. Its going to be about $1.4 million.
Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Capital Markets: That would be roughly evenly split between the second and third quarters at this point?
Kent W. Christensen: Yes.
Kenneth M. Woolley: That TV advertising gets spread out over all the properties through the joint ventures and through the individual properties. Its spread evenly. It doesnt all go the Extra Space properties.
Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Capital Markets: You said it was national in scope?
Kenneth M. Woolley: Yes, it is national.
Kent W. Christensen: Well, its cable. Its purchased cable so that its bought on bulk basis throughout the country.
Kenneth M. Woolley: All those people up in Billings, Montana have to come down to Salt Lake to rent, to see the ad.
Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Moving over to the investment environment a little bit, could you talk about what youre seeing out there in terms of flow, how that has changed?
Karl T. Haas: On the acquisition?
Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Whatevers for sale, of course.
Karl T. Haas: Correct. There are less properties for sale than there were a year ago and the motivated sellers are individuals that for one reason or another are needing to unwind the investment that they have in self-storage. We are still not seeing any distressed sales, properties that have gone into foreclosure, anything like that. The opportunities that were seeing are partnerships, joint ventures that are needing to unwind because one partner or another is wanting to exit the self-storage investment and so theyre coming to market with the portfolio or individual assets. We hope in the future that were seeing more of these kinds of one-off and small portfolios of properties that could come for sale that could be in a more distressed situation that are going to lead to opportunities for Extra Space but we still havent seen that yet.
Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Lastly, Ken, on the debt, upcoming maturities, where do you stand on some of the upcoming role, the stuff thats starting to expire later this year?
Karl T. Haas: We only have about $40 million this year that will expire. Next year we have about $300 million that comes due. We are seeing lots of interest from the current banks and institutions that do lending for $50 to $75 million chunks on balance sheet, variable rate debt, secured and so we believe that the amount of debt that we have coming due this year and next year can be easily refinanced with the current relationships that we have and with the banks that we have a good relationship with.  Extra Space historically has had a long time relationship with a number of different banks that have loaned us money and weve paid them back and we think that those relationships are going to pay off over the next couple of years as we need to roll these loans that we have. That being said weve looked at the debt, the loan to value on all of the debt thats expiring next year as currently because the NOI of these properties have gone up, its between 60% and 65%. All we need to do is get a 60% to 65% loan to value and we can replace the loans that we currently have.
Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thats secured term loan?
Karl T. Haas: Thats correct. The loans that are expiring are secured term loans or CMBS loans and we would anticipate if the CMBS market doesnt open back up to replace those that it would be secured term loans.
Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Capital Markets: How far out in front of it do you want to be? When should we expect to see you moving?
Karl T. Haas: It would be only a couple of months generally before, two to three months before the term expires that wed be going to market and shopping the loans.
Kenneth M. Woolley: Part of the reason is theres defeasance on these CMBS loans and theres no reason that we should pay a defeasance to pay off these CMBS loans early. It would just be a bad economic move for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets.
Paul E. Adornato - BMO Capital Markets: I was wondering if you could compare your overall stance coming into this busy season compared to previous years, that is would you consider yourselves more aggressive or more defensive coming into this busy season in terms of pricing, etc.
Kent W. Christensen: If you took the last three to five years we would probably call it more aggressive but last year we took a pretty aggressive stand on rates starting in March and April and we lowered rates, as far as street rates, in a lot of markets and this year we really are about at that same level, actually in some markets a little bit less. Were being very aggressive in markets where we see resistance in the marketplace to rentals. Id say were as aggressive as last year.
Paul E. Adornato - BMO Capital Markets: To clarify on development financing, Kent, you mentioned that development financing is available to you but do you actually separately finance your developments or do you use your line or other resources rather than tap traditional construction markets?
Kent W. Christensen: To date Extra Space has always financed its construction projects with construction loans in many cases through local banks or regional banks and we continue to employ that process with the construction projects we have going on now. We can obtain 80% to 85% loan to cost on these construction projects which is a very good use of our money while the project is being built and then those loans allow us to get the property opened and then the loan stays on the properties firm anywhere from 18 to 36 months while we are allowed to get the properties leased up.  At that point the properties would roll into some longer-term financing. That financing is still very available to us today. You have to remember self-storage is a small product type compared to other real estate products. Were going to the banks asking for $5 to $8 million loans and thats a really good size for banks that want to still use their balance sheet to do lending.
Paul E. Adornato - BMO Capital Markets: Whats your sense about how those banks that youre using are financing other storage developers out there?
Kent W. Christensen: Again, thats a mixed bag. Were getting reports that the banks are not lending to the new Mom and Pop operator who is deciding to build their first self storage property but if its an established self storage operator and they have a good track record then there still is money available for individuals and Mom and Pops and organizations who are wanting to do construction.  But as Karl spoke about were not seeing a lot of development taking place in any of our markets other than a couple and theres not a lot of construction thats going on right now. Thats a dual factor I think and thats financing is one piece but its becoming more and more and more difficult for cities and counties and places to allow us to build our self storage properties. Its just becoming more difficult.
Kenneth M. Woolley: I had lunch last week with the owner of one of the larger door manufacturers who indicated to me that their business was down. Every self-storage has to have doors and theres only four our five major door manufacturers in the US and theyre not sure why, but I think thats more to do with financing and permits than anything else. It really bodes well for the existing properties, thats what it does.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia.
Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia Securities: Kent, the first question, really a point of clarification, did your original same store and line guidance for 2008 include the tenant insurance income or did it exclude it.
Kent W. Christensen: It excluded it, this is the first time we reported it with the tenant insurance income.
Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia Securities: A question for the team as well and maybe Ken youll take this one, Im trying to find a point where youre seeing capitalization rates in the market today for the sorts of product you would be interested in. Whats that spread between how youre now underwriting property and where you think sellers would sell? What returns are you or do you think your competitor is looking for?
Kenneth M. Woolley: First of all, last year we bought all of our stabilized properties at around the 7% cap rate. That cap rate is defined as normalized updated property taxes included, a management fee of 6% included or applied, and that is the actual run rate of cash flows as opposed to a pro forma in the future cap rate or any backward looking cap rate. Thats how we define cap rate. We bought $385 million worth at that rate or in that rate. The problem is we only bought one on-market deal of the 32 properties weve purchased. We were basically overbid on everything we bought except on this one deal which meant that the transactions taking place in the market were taking place in the mid-sixes not or even lower. We had one large buyer last year and the year before that was really buying in the fives with the hope of somehow improving operations and getting the cap rates up. Today the sellers are still asking in the low to mid-sixes and were up there in the 7.25 range and were not buying much. Theres a slight slackening according to what Jim Stevens, our head of acquisitions is saying. Hes seeing a slight decrease in prices, increase in cap rate going on in the marketplace today but its not very dramatic. Its hard to define that cap rate because there are transactions and there have been a lot of transactions taking place in the low to mid-sixes that we havent participated in because it would be dilutive to our company. Our company stock is not trading at a cap rate of six, its trading at a higher cap rate. If we start buying at six were just diluting our shareholders.
Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia Securities: What about some of the larger portfolios out there, anecdotally weve heard OB companies is looking to sell assets, some or all. Any sense how significant a portfolio such as that or others could be out there in the market and where pricing might be on a trade such as that?
Kent W. Christensen: I really dont have a comment on that.
Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia Securities: One follow up, Kent, back to my original question, if your guidance excluded the tenant insurance income does that mean its necessarily short thin this quarter versus your original guidance or am I not interpreting that right?
Kent W. Christensen: Maybe I misspoke when you asked the question a minute ago. What I thought you asked was did our same store guidance as far as what we thought the NOI increase going to be on our same store included tenant insurance and it did not but tenant insurance was included in our FFO guidance for the year.  All weve done is taken it out of a specific line item as far as tenant insurance and tenant income and expense and included the appropriate amount of tenant insurance thats being sold at our same store properties in the same store numbers. Its not changing any of our numbers, its only changing how it is were reporting where the insurance is showing up. Did that make sense?
Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia Securities: It does. I thought before that your same store in a wide range which is 2.5% to I cant remember off the top of my head, 2.5% to 4% I think.
Kent W. Christensen: 2.5% to 4% and with tenant insurance included it would be higher than that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Derek Bower  Merrill Lynch.
Chris Pike  Merrill Lynch: Kent, I wanted to circle back with respect to your comments on the debt maturities and your ability to term those out, is the short answer that while lets say rates are going to be a bit higher of whats turning youre going to be able to get more proceeds so your overall interest payment will be in line?
Kent W. Christensen: As we roll the loans next year if we want to try to get a higher loan to value that could result in more proceeds. My comment a minute ago was along the lines of if we didnt get any additional proceeds all we did was roll the loan then we should have a substantial appetite from banks and other financing organizations to do the loans that we would need to be able to roll our debt but I think that there could be some opportunity as these loans roll that we would be able to get a higher loan to value than where theyre currently at and potentially have some additional proceeds which would then take the total interest expense up a little because we would have a larger loan with a slightly higher interest rate but then we would have cash available for us to be able to do acquisitions.
Chris Pike  Merrill Lynch: If we just roll whatever is in place is there a base assumption in terms of what the overall marginal increase in borrowing cost is going to be?
Kent W. Christensen: Right now were seeing between 5.75% and 6% would be what we would be able to roll those loans at a fixed rate at. If you look at the difference between where the loans are at today and thats the pricing today and that would be the difference.
Chris Pike  Merrill Lynch: Back to Karls question with respect to the $1.4 million of TV ad spend and I think Kent indicated that its going to be spent pro rata or will be split up across both the wholly owned, the joint venture then the managed properties, assuming that the managed properties pay their own pro rata share of that your joint venture partners, youre only going to take for your ownership interest in that. Is the $1.4 million the total spend of the program or is the $1.4 million going to be the cost to EXR?
Kent W. Christensen: The total spend of the program. So about one-third of that would be hitting our properties.
Kenneth M. Woolley: The one-third that hits our properties is already in our NOI budgeted numbers. Its not an extra thing.
Chris Pike  Merrill Lynch: Call center, were still waiting for thoughts on that. I was wondering if theres any update on that front and if theres any incremental costs associated with moving, establishing, setting one up later on in the year and baked into the 08 numbers?
Kent W. Christensen: Chris, were still heavily in the process of evaluating the status of our call center whether doing it internal or external, other factors about the call center and all the costs associated with that. The best we can tell right now is the impact on this calendar year is probably not going to be any material number.  The evaluation for next year is still in process to try and determine where we think we are. The reason I can say that is the contract that we have for our call center right now runs through the end of the year. Thats why we dont think theres any impact this year and going into next year were still evaluating that. We dont know yet.
Chris Pike  Merrill Lynch: An interesting comment Karl had with respect, or maybe it was Ken, with respect to the retention and the new customers versus the old customer. I dont know if Spencer wants to chime in here, but is it too early to draw any distinction between buyer tastes with respect to some of the new breed of folks who are renting storage for the first time versus the more traditional or the tenured users of storage? Are you seeing retention higher with the new folks versus the old folks or is it still too early to pull any quantifiable data out of that stuff?
Kenneth M. Woolley: Chris, the new folks are no different than the new folks a year ago or two or three years ago. In other words what were tracking is that 50% of the customers coming in never used self-storage before just like a year ago and two years ago and five years ago. The nature of the tenants dont seem to be any different. We are seeing just a slight slow down in our vacates on a year-on-year basis but its just 1% or 2%. Its not enough to cause a trend.  In all of our analysis of vacates after rent increases we have seen no change in the rate of vacating as a result of various pricing increases and you have to get prices going up over 10% before you see any demonstrable change in the behavior of tenants in terms of their move-out rate. As long as we keep our rental increases reasonably modest it doesnt seem to impact our move-out rates. You can raise someone 8% versus 0% and the move-out rate doesnt change. At least thats statistically what occurs.
Chris Pike  Merrill Lynch: So theres no real difference, just one sample is the newer breed and the older sample is the newer breed from last year.
Kenneth M. Woolley: Theres no way to know that theres any difference in the new people than there was the new people a few years ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Knott- Green Street Advisors.
Michael Knott- Green Street Advisors: Can you provide a little color on the potential JV transaction that youre talking about bringing to market? I know you probably cant say too much but can you help us rough size it and do you view this more as an alternative source of capital or do you see yourselves as incrementally moving even more towards the joint venture business model?
Kenneth M. Woolley: Its more a source of capital for us and its also a way to upgrade our portfolio. I really dont want to comment yet on the exact size of it but it would be enough so that we would be able to have more capital to acquire and keep our leverage ratios not too far out of line. Its a dual purpose. One is to increase the average portfolio quality of our wholly owned stores and the other would be to give us capital for acquisitions. One of the things weve been doing is our acquisitions on average have been higher quality than our portfolio as a whole.
Michael Knott- Green Street Advisors: Karl, can you give a little more color on, I thought you made the comment earlier that you were expecting street rates and existing customer rates to merge later in the summer. Did I hear that right? Can you provide a little more color on that thought?
Karl T. Haas: What I think what I said was we are hoping that we will get a little bit more traction on street rates later in the year. Weve been very aggressive on street rates and part of it is were succeeding. We wanted to see an improvement in our square foot occupancy delta and we have achieved some of that. Like in Detroit where we lowered rates a couple years ago, weve now got the occupancy up and now have been able to bring rates back up. Our overall goal is to be able to get a little bit more push on the street rates as the year goes on. No real change in our strategy on existing customer rate increases.
Michael Knott- Green Street Advisors: I appreciate the disclosure on the rental and vacating activity. Can you provide maybe one more data point? The 21,000 rentals, what percentage of total units in the same store pool would that represent and then whats the magnitude of the increase as you get into the busy leasing season?
Kenneth M. Woolley: Im not sure we understand your question. If you look at the table thats in the supplementaries I think its the same store pool thats in the table, isnt it? Its 573 same store properties that are mature.
Kent W. Christensen: For the 211 stores its more in the range of about 7,000.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Salinsky  RBC.
Mike Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Real quickly going back to the joint venture you were talking about possibly forming. Im assuming that would be only stabilized property that youre putting in there. There wouldnt be any development properties offloaded into there, correct?
Kenneth M. Woolley: Thats correct.
Mike Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: In terms of timing on that is that a second quarter event or is that a second half of the year event?
Kenneth M. Woolley: Its probably a second half of the year event.
Mike Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Ken, in your comments you touched on about 40 properties you had in the total pipeline right now, what is the total size of that in terms of dollar volume?
Kent W. Christensen: The total is around $200 million. But the 40 would be over a three to four year period of time.
Mike Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Thats $200 million in addition to what youve shown for 2008 and 2009?
Kent W. Christensen: No, that would be the total. Because weve reported the $146 million for next year and the amount for this year of $80 million, its probably $300 million.
Mike Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: In the guidance you added a disclosure to talk about $1 to $1.2 million of tax expense related to the management company. Is that something new or is that already included from the previous guidance that you were just clarifying?
Kent W. Christensen: The line item is not new, the amount is new, not new its higher than what we had previously forecasted. Our tenant insurance business runs through our TRS and that business is, Karl and his team have done such an outstanding job that we now have to pay taxes and were monitoring that as we ended up last year further ahead than what we anticipated we used up any net operating loss carry forwards that we had and as we did our tax returns for this calendar year we realized that will, the potential for having the tax expense for this year has increased higher than what we had originally anticipated, a small amount.
Mike Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Looking in general at the tenant rate now, the tenant base, is the tenant becoming a little more price conscientious or are you pushing along very good increases? What are you hearing from the tenants right now, essentially?
Kent W. Christensen: We dont necessarily depend on the ad hoc comments. Its a revenue management group is constantly monitoring the data from all of our existing customers, watching the rate increases and every quarter weve been getting reports from them and we really havent seen any change. People move out when theyre ready to move out and our rate increases dont seem to be accelerating their decision.
Operator: Your next question comes from Buck Horn  Raymond James.
Buck Horn  Raymond James: Could you just mention what was your insurance penetration rate on tenants at the end of the quarter and whats a reasonable goal you think you can get to by year-end?
Karl T. Haas: Were currently at about 38%. We ended last year at about 34% and were over 90% of new customer penetration and our goal for year right now is about 40%. Ken thinks that goal may be a little bit low and we very well may exceed it but our goal for the year is 40%.
Buck Horn  Raymond James: Maybe as a bigger picture question, when youre measuring the performance of certain regional markets and youre looking at how theyre performing, it seems to me that there seem to be some markets like Detroit, like Columbus, a few others out there that where foreclosures are happing but those are more likely to be sub prime or primary residences where people are actually living.  Then of course you have markets like West Palm and Phoenix and Vegas or other places where you had a lot of investor speculation in housing and the foreclosures are happening to vacant units, what are your thoughts on that trend and on balance do you still think foreclosures is a non-issue for you?
Kenneth M. Woolley: I cant say its a non-issue. First of all I dont have a thought of that distinction of those different kinds of foreclosures. I think that the fact that were doing well in Columbus and were doing well in Detroit and were not doing as well in Stockton, California and the San Bernardino areas isnt an indication of anything except that the economies are weaker in Stockton and San Bernardino. I dont think we really have an answer for you with respect to the correlations like that. I really dont have. I think one of the interesting things is its probably less correlated than everybody wants to think it is.
Operator: Your last question comes from Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Todd Thomas  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Can you give a little more color on the Florida market, what youre seeing in terms of demand and what the overall environment is like? And then also how long you think it will take to bottom out and start to rebound.
Karl T. Haas: Ill take a crack and then Ill let Ken follow up. West Palm Beach and West Florida continue to be the worst. We feel like were hitting the bottom but its hard to say. West Palm Beach especially seems to have a lot of bad things happening there. Surprisingly, Miami and Fort Lauderdale where theres a lot of news about all the empty condos and things like that, we havent been hurt anywhere near as badly there as we have been in West Palm Beach and on the West Coast and as far as recovery I think we all believe that Florida will be a good market for us in the long term. Were continuing to develop there and the dynamics are there that in the long run it should settle down and the good news is theres not a lot of new product coming on board.
Kenneth M. Woolley: It appears to me that its bottoming out because if you look at the year-on-year numbers theyre not as bad now as they were just one quarter ago. Revenues are for the 53 Florida properties down 2.7%, occupancy is down 1.6%. It seems to have stabilized in Tampa where revenues are up 0.6% and occupancy is up 0.2%. Miami is down 2.1% in revenues and occupancy is down 1.6% but I think thats an improvement over where it was just one quarter ago. I would say were probably have bottomed out and that were probably going to see a gradual upturn right now.
Operator: At this time we dont have any further questions in the queue. 
Kenneth M. Woolley: Thank you very much for listening to the conference call and being interested in our company. We welcome all of you as shareholders and analysts and wed be happy to talk to you individually when youd like to and we look forward to talking to you again in the next quarter.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-19 08:00:00) =====
Executives: James Overturf  IR Kenneth Woolley  CEO, Chairman  Karl Hass  COO Kent Christensen  CFO Spencer Kirk  President
Analysts: Christine Mcelroy  Banc of America Christeen Kim  Deutsche Bank Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors Chris Pike  Merrill Lynch Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the fourth quarter 2007 Extra Space Storage Incorporated earnings conference call. My name is Lauren and Ill be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. We will conduct a question and answer session towards the end of this conference at which time you may press star one for questions. If at any time during the call you require assistance, please key star zero and a coordinator will be happy to assist you. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. Id now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Mr. James Overturf with Extra Space Storage.
James Overturf:  Thank you Lauren, welcome to Extra Space Storages fourth quarter and year end 2007 conference call. With us today are CEO and Chairman of the Board, Kenneth Woolley, President Spencer Kirk, CFO Kent Christensen and COO Karl Hass. In addition to our press release, we have also furnished unaudited supplemental financial information on our website. Please remember that managements prepared remarks and answers to your questions contain forward looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Forward looking statements address matters which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those discussed today. Examples of forward looking statements include statements related to Extra Space Storages development and acquisition programs, revenues, NOI, SFO and guidance. We encourage all of our listeners to review a more detailed discussion related to these forward looking statements contained in the companys filings with the SEC. These forward looking statements represent managements estimates as of today. Extra Space Storage assumes no obligation to update these forward looking statements in the future because of changing market conditions or other circumstances. I would now like to turn the call over to Extra Space Storages Chairman and CEO, Kenneth Woolley.
Kenneth Woolley:  Thank you James. Hello everyone, thank you for your interest in Extra Space and joining us with our call today well have on the call today are Spencer Kirk, Kent Christensen and Karl Hass. Id like to point out a couple of highlights for the quarter and then turn the call over to Karl and Kent to give you more details. Before an impairment charge on auction rate securities and development dilution, we earned $0.32 in FFO for the quarter and $1.13 for the year.  After the impairment charge and development dilution we actually earned $0.29 for the quarter and $1.09 for the year. Our FFO increase of 14.7% puts us solidly in the top 25% of all REITs, public REITs. And even with the impairment charge, our FFO was solidly within the guidance range that we gave at the beginning of 2007 and that weve given throughout the year of 2007. We also are confident in the accuracy of our future forecast and budgets that well be talking about on this call. Our same store revenue and NOI growth for the quarter was again quite solid.  We finished the year with revenue growth of 3.9% and NOI growth of 5.3%. We also have a tenant insurance program which we last year decided to take out of our same store NOI and revenue growth. Many of our competitors leave it in, it is part of our operating activities. If we had included our tenant insurance program, our revenue growth for the year would have been 4.4% and our NOI growth would have been 5.8%. We in fact achieved those revenues in NOI but it was shown elsewhere in the financial statements. Our expense control at the site level was excellent if you look at the financial statements in detail. In 2007 we benefitted from a number of initiatives.  We had an intense capital improvement program at the property level which helped improve the quality of our properties. We continued to invest in technology systems and automate our processes so that our overhead activities became less expensive because of technology. We continued to refine our revenue management systems and we believe that thats helping us and also weve improved the skills and performance of our personnel through extensive training.  Were also continuing to benefit from our acquisition and development program. As you can see in 2006 and 2007 our acquisitions were above expectations. In 2007 we acquired interest in 50 self storage properties for approximately $385 million. 38 of those for $375 million were wholly owned properties, we acquired joint venture interests in 12 properties for about $10 million. The acquisition environment is changing with the change in the credit markets but seller expectations do remain high and we have to be careful to make sure that in our acquisition activities we are conservative in our budgeting and so in the future we do not expect acquisition to be quite as robust in the current year.  We also are continuing to develop properties in high barrier to entry markets. Our development program drives long term growth and ultimately earnings accretion. It also enhances our NAV and our overall portfolio quality. We completed the development of six projects in 2007 for $52 million and we have 12 more on tap for 2008, including, for about $103 million and 12 more in 2009 for another $126 million. Basically the company is in good shape, were performing well and well get into the details about our performance as I turn the call now over to Karl Hass, our Chief Operating Officer wholl give you more detail. Thank you, Ill be back later in the call.
Karl Hass:  Alright, thanks Ken [unintelligible], as Ken mentioned we had another good quarter. Our same store group of 181 properties had a 2.8% increase in revenue and a 3.6% increase in net operating income. For the year, same store revenue growth was up 3.9% and net operating income was up 5.3%. Occupancy as of the end of the year was at 84.1% and that compares to 85.1% the previous year. We once again had a very good expense control quarter as our same store expenses increased a modest 1.1%. For the year, expense finished up 1.3% which obviously is pretty good.  The lower expense growth certainly aided our bottom line net operating income growth. We did a good job on our controlled expense, however keep in mind that this quarters results are historically low increases and not necessarily the norm. We are forecasting same store growth for 2008 to be between 2.5-3.5% and we have seen some increase in snow removal costs and January 08, well above January 07 thanks to, cant control Mother Nature. Revpav for the revenue, or revenue per available square foot for our same store pool was $12.14 which represents a 2.5% increase year to year.  Quarterly increase in revenue came from increased rents from our existing customers and a reduction in discounts at our same stores which were down, the discounts were down approximately 6% for the year. Revpav was mitigated by lower square footage [foot] occupancy which as previously mentioned was down 100 basis points at year end. During 2007, our monthly same store year on year revenue gross decreased from January through August, however we seem to have stabilized since August at about 3%.  Our pool of 589 stabilized properties that we manage had somewhat better results in our same store pool during the fourth quarter with a 3.1% increase in revenue and a 5.5% increase in net operating income. For the year, these properties had a 3.4% increase in revenues and a 4.3% increase in net operating income. Square footage occupancy for this group of properties was at the end of year was flat when compared to last year at about 84.1% which coincidentally is the same as our same store pool.  Our street rates for new tenants were down as of the end of the year when compared to 2006, however we continue to find traction with our existing customers with rental increases being given to approximately 30,000 customers on a monthly basis. As we have said in previous calls, our growth in 2007 was hampered by Florida which accounts for 10% of our overall net operating income. This is really a return to normalcy from the tremendous demand after hurricanes in 2005 for Florida.  Taking Florida out of the equation, our revenue for the same store pool for the year would have been higher by 100 basis points and net operating income would have been higher by 150 basis points. It appears that Florida as a whole is reaching the bottom with slightly improving year on year comparisons. The markets of Miami, Ft. Lauderdale, Tampa and St. P are faring better this year, however West Palm Beach continues to really struggle.  On the positive side our best markets for the year for revenue growth during the fourth quarter were Chicago, Columbus, Dallas, Detroit and Houston. These markets experienced year on year increases in revenue of between 7-13% and also were among our best performers for the year. Detroit has had a bounce back year and has felt the benefit of aggressive price decreases that we put into place in late 2006 and early 2007. For our largest net operating income producing MSAs, Boston, Los Angeles, New York-New Jersey and Baltimore-Washington, we showed increases of 2.5-4% for the quarter and the year. Its interesting to note that there are ranges of performances within each of these MSAs.  For example, in Boston, the stores in the Boston central are outperforming those in the south shore and western suburbs considerably, with a revenue increase of nearly 8% for Boston central. In the New York MSA, Long Island is leading the way with growth over 9%. The south Jersey and Philadelphia markets continue to be one of our weakest. We attribute most of the weakness to new competition. [Better] new supply, according to our measurements, is low throughout the US, this particular market is seeing a significant increase in the supply with more scheduled to come online in the next year. As in other weaker markets in the country, were going into this years rental season in south Jersey-Philly with aggressive pricing to new customers in addition to being proactive with discounting.  The operations team is looking forward to 2008, which just happens to be my 20th year in the self storage business. Though many components of the business have evolved, operational success in self storage still comes down to preparation and a focus on good pricing and promotions, sales skills and keeping properties well maintained, we call clean and green here and controlling receivables. We are doing these things well. Goals for 2008 are well defined and we have the team and the tools to enable us to achieve them. Specifically we are training our people well and they are increasingly satisfied with their jobs and responding beyond our customers expectations.  Were maintaining low turnover at the site and 75% of our employees gave us high ratings in job satisfaction in 2007 and thats up from only 63% in the previous year for the same kind of survey. The executive team also conducted 40 town hall meetings during 2007 and met with over 1,400 of our employees. We are hearing good feedback from these meetings and overall we continue to further improve our processes in training. This year our online training program won major awards from the training industry.  We conducted over 150,000 training hours during the year, utilizing both our proprietary web based learning management system combined with face to face training. All of our site personnel is required to achieve a base level of certification before managing one of our properties and were continuing to raise the competency, ah its a tough word to say, competency bar throughout the organization. So, thank you and now Id like to turn the call over to Kent Christensen who hopefully will be able to pronounce his words a little bit better.
Kent Christensen:  Thanks Karl. As we disclosed in our press release this morning, our FFO per share for the fourth quarter came in at $0.32 per share before an impairment charge on our auction rate securities and dilution from our development program, compared to $0.26 in the same quarter last year. Taking into account the $0.018 from the impairment charge and the eight-tenths of a cent in drag from our development properties, our fully diluted FFO per share for the quarter came in at $0.29 compared to $0.26 a year ago.  Driving our growth was 25% increase in our property rental income and significant growth in our insurance program. We did an outstanding job with our G&A which rose just 2% over the same quarter last year and fell to 14.2% of our revenues from 17.3% a year ago. For the year our FFO came in at $1.13 per share before the non temporary impairment charge and the development drag compared to $0.95 last year. After consideration of the impairment charge and development program, our FFO for 2007 was $1.09 per share which was what Ken stated earlier, which was the budget we had set for the beginning of the year.  Regarding the impairment charge that effected the fourth quarter and the year, we decided it would be prudent at this time to write down our investment in our auction rate securities. We are working with the broker dealer managing this investment for us and we feel we will come to a mutually beneficial outcome in this matter. The permanent impairment charges recorded as a non operating loss in other income which impacted our FFO by $0.018 for the quarter. We also recorded a temporary impairment charge of $1.4 million which is recognized as an unrealized loss in shareholders equity.  Moving on to our acquisitions and development, we had another good quarter of acquisitions and finished the year on a high note, adding several properties during the fourth quarter. We acquired interest in 19 self storage properties for an aggregate cost of approximately $79 million. Seven of the properties acquired are wholly owned and 12 are owned in various joint ventures. The properties acquired during the quarter are high quality, well located assets in the states of California, Connecticut, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, Rhode Island and Texas.  For the year, we acquired interests in 50 self storage properties for an aggregate cost of almost $385 million. As we started in the 2008, not much has changed on the acquisition front. We remained conservative as we see little to not decrease in seller expectations. We still have the capacity to grow but we are being very careful with our capital allocation. To this point in our guidance we have no included any acquisitions at this time for 2008 but we are still looking for good accretive acquisition opportunities. During the fourth quarter our development team completed a joint venture project in Sacramento for $7.1 million and a wholly owned project in Laurel, Maryland for $8.7 million.  For the year, the team completed six projects for $52.1 million, three of these projects were wholly owned and three of them are in joint ventures. Ken already spoke a little bit about our development program for this year and what we anticipate completing in 2009. The properties that we have that are in our development program right now are located in high barrier to entry markets in California, Florida, Chicago and the Baltimore-Washington DC area. The total outlay for both years is between $25-$35 million. The debt markets are still very favorable and are still open for us for our development program.  In order to illuminate the effect of our development program, we have several tables in our supplemental package posted on our website. You can see by looking at the analysis that although it is extremely valuable in the long term, the development does have a short term impact on our earnings. For modeling our FFO and our NAV, we estimate that our drag from our development program will be approximately $0.06 in 2008 and if all of the properties that we have developed in 2006, 7 and 8 were open and fully stabilized today and using the rents today, their contribution to our FFO would increase from the negative $0.06 to a positive $0.09 or a $0.15 swing.  Our balance sheet is in good shape. Our debt is manageable at a total debt to market capitalization including OP unites of 57% at year end. The total debt outstanding as of yearend was approximately $1.3 billion and our fixed rate debt which comprises 90.5% of our debt has an average interest rate of 5% and the maturity of our debt is well staged. Our variable debt at the end of the year had an average rate of 5.9, however, because of the trough in the LIBOR rates is now currently at a 4.48% and our fixed charge coverage for the fourth quarter was 2.4 and averaged 2.3 for the whole year.  For the three months ended December 31, 2007, the CCS CCU calculation outlined in our IPO prospectus allowed for the conversion of an additional approximately 455,000 additional shares in units. Total CCS CCU shares converted to date is approximately 1.9 million. G&A net of our development fees was $9.2 million for the quarter and $36.7 million for the year. Management fee income for the year from our joint ventures and our third party managed properties came in at $20.6 million. When you take our management fees and net them against our G&A, the cost to manage our wholly owned properties is $16.1 million.  In terms of our outlook, we estimate at this time that our fully diluted FFO for the first quarter to be between $0.27-$0.29 per share before the development dilution and $0.26-$0.28 after consideration of the development program. Im sorry the numbers I just stated were incorrect, theres $0.27-$0.28 before the development dilution and $0.26-$0.27 after the development program. For the year we estimate our fully diluted FFO to be $1.23 to $1.27 per share before the development dilution and $1.17 to $1.21 after consideration of the dilution. The assumptions behind that guidance are listed in our earnings release but I will highlight that it assumes as I said no additional acquisitions and also no further impairment on our option rate securities. With that, Id like to turn the call back to Ken.
Kenneth Woolley:  Thanks Kent, our outlook for the coming year for same store growth is similar to what we achieved in the current year. I think thats prudent given what were seeing in the economy. Given our estimated range of guidance, well see FFO per share before development growth dilution grow between 9-13% which will be an excellent performance given that it assumes no new acquisitions. We do however expect we will be doing acquisitions and that could cause a better result. As we continue to grow, we believe that we will continue to harness economies of scale which have been very helpful to us in achieving our cost control and excellent revenue growth.  It also reflects the continued contribution of earnings of our acquisition and development properties. In all I feel Extra Space is in a very good position in our industry and is one of the premier operators. Id like to kind of speak to Self Storage for a minute. Weve had a lot of investors and analysts talk to us about the relationship between Self Storage and the housing difficulties in our economy. We are not seeing much relationship between the two. Storage demand arises because of life changes. It can be a wedding or a graduation or a death or a birth or some other or a divorce.  But those types of life changing events occur whether or not the economy is going up or the economy is going down and in fact in some cases if the economy is in some stress and people lose their jobs or theres a foreclosure, it can actually give rise to demand for self storage. Also theres a significant part of storage demand that relates to small business and business activity that has nothing to do with housing, it is all about business activity in general. Of course if business activity slows, theres an anticipation that that market would slow slightly. Also theres a stickiness about the storage business.  When people store, once it gets there, theres a tendency for people to forget it and not want to remove it from storage and so its one of the reasons that were able to get reasonable rental increase to our existing customers because its a big, big job to undo the storage, get rid of their stuff. Storage, there is an addictive nature to storage, people like to hold onto their material goods and there is something about, there is an emotional aspect to keeping them. All these things are unrelated to housing. Certainly in some of the markets where weve seen very active new housing formation and that new housing formation has slowed, weve seen a slowing of self storage activity, but those markets are not very big in terms of the overall of Extra Space.  Those markets would include parts of Phoenix and Las Vegas and the Inland Empire and parts of Florida, but much of the rest of the country, we believe, has been unaffected by changes in housing value. And its one of the reasons that we continued to see excellent demand. A year ago, or approximately a year ago on our call, I mentioned that we were seeing slowing rental activity and that did occur in October, November, December, January, February of last year.  But currently, our rental activity is actually up over the previous year and it is doing fine. So were not seeing anything negative with respect to rental activity. Karl did mention, however, that our achieved, that our asking rents are down slightly and that is true. We are being more competitive on an asking rent price basis and in order to maintain our rental activity. However, he also mentioned that our discounting was down versus the previous year which is also true so weve been a little less aggressive on discounting but we are a little bit less aggressive on our asking rents.  Our occupancy is actually, we believe, going to be moving slightly to the positive relative to the same time at the same year. I think most of you know that our year end occupancy for our large same store portfolio and our stabilized portfolio was 84.1%, that of course will achieve a peak of 3-400 basis points higher in the summertime and then will fall back again next year. But our own internal goals is to actually increase occupancy during the year slightly. But to continue to operate our business based upon maximum growth in income. I can say without hesitation that the self storage business is just an excellent place to be.  Extra Space is a unique company in that business because we are active developers of self storage, number one, which are competitors are not and number two we have a substantial joint venture business that gives us experience in operating with institutional partners and will give us as time goes on, excellent return on investment through promoted interest with our joint venture partners. We believe that sets us apart as a company. We also have achieved as a company the highest rent per square foot of any of the self storage companies and that really is a result of the quality of our properties and the markets that were in. And we expect to continue to be the leaders.  Our acquisition activity continues to be careful and prudent. We bid on more than $1.8 billion worth of properties during 2007 as you know, we bought $385 million. The reason we didnt buy the rest was because we, in many cases, underbid our competitor by 15-20% because we werent willing to pay what the market was serving up. We think thats going to lead to higher shareholder returns over time. Anyway, with that, Im going to turn the call over to questioning and well answer any questions that you have.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to ask a question, please press star one on your touchtone telephone. If your question has been answered or you wish to withdraw you question, please press star two. Questions will be taken in the order received so please press star one to begin. And your first question comes from the line of Christine Mcelroy with Banc of America.
Christine Mcelroy  Banc of America:  Hi, good morning, regarding your same store revenue growth forecast of 2.5-4%, you mentioned occupancy but can you quantify the expected upside there and what do you expect rent growth could look like? So essentially how much of the revenue growth are you expecting to come from rent growth and how much from occupancy upside? And are you forecasting any change in concession activity in 08?
Karl Hass:  We are, our goal for 2008 is to improve our delta on square footage by about 1.3% from October 07 through December 08. So, about a percent we hope to get from occupancy gains. We do not see any dramatic change in our discounting. I will say though the reason that our discounting has kind of flattened out here in the latter part of 2007, really two things. One, we had experimented and were doing some three months half off promotions in late 2006 and part of 2007 and we stopped doing that. We determined that it just didnt get us a better answer, but it did result in higher discounts.  And the other thing that weve done is we really have tightened up the discounts, kind of the discretionary discounting that our managers can do. We have found that you know that wasnt always used in a way that really got us to the best answer. So while we actually have done some, changed some parameters that could increase discounting, weve been able to offset that by reducing the discretionary discounting and reducing the three months out half off.
Christine Mcelroy  Banc of America:  Okay and Ken, can you expand on your thoughts on the tighter credit environment and as it plays out, what impact do you expect to see both on kind of the demand and supply of self storage? Do you see the potential for larger well capitalized storage companies to take advantage of an environment like this and if so, how?
Kenneth Woolley:  Well lets talk about the supply side first. The credit crunch, we believe and have been talking with people in the local communities and people in the self storage association, it appears that less capitalize developers are having a more difficult time getting loans from banks just because of the more conservative nature of the banking environment and the lending environment. That works well for us because its going to I believe decrease the new supply of properties. Now theres always a lag time in this business because the supply thats coming on this year is mostly properties which were all the way under way last year. So its really going to affect supply probably in late 2008 and 2009, well see a decrease in new supply. That will help us.  On the demand side, theres no question that self storage, if we have a recession in our economy as a whole, self storage is, you know its a business, it is related to the business world. Weve seen less, it is a business that seems to have less ups and downs with the cycle of the economy than other businesses and so I dont see a lot of decrease, you know you might see a slight dampening of sort of revenue growth on the demand side but I think if you look at our numbers, you look at the excellent results weve had in places like Detroit, where we have I dont know 12 or 13 properties and yet we would all agree I think that Detroit is sort of in a recession as a place or you know Michigan if anyplace.  And yet weve had increases in self storage activity and so its, we dont see a lot of correlation there. So I think were going to benefit because, where we have the most trouble in self storage is when theres too much supply. As we mentioned, in south Jersey and Philadelphia areas and other areas of the country where theres just too much being built, we really, that hurts us. So we think on the whole the credit crunch isnt going to hurt the operating statistics much and may in fact help it.  Now on the other side of the credit crunch is the supply of funds to companies like Extra Space Storage. Clearly Extra Space, we are trading, we at a value currently that we believe is under our NAV and I think most of the analysts who rate us would also say that and that means it would be unwise for us to tape the equity markets to get new equity. Also our debt ratios are high enough that that it is unwise for us to increase our debt by very much because we dont want to get over leveraged or get into any kind of financial condition.  Thats leading Extra Space to be very conservative on its acquisition activities and also is leading us toward looking at more joint venture possibilities for further acquisition activities. We do as you know have good relationships with our joint venture partners and I suspect that in the future we will be doing more activities with joint ventures because of the state of the capital markets. If the capital markets open up, well go back to growth using the conventional capital markets.
Christine Mcelroy  Banc of America:  Great, thank you and just really quickly my last question, with regard to your new development pipeline, are you buying the land ahead of time and holding it on your balance sheet or is all of your land under option until youre getting ready to start the project?
Kent Christensen:  This is Kent, we try to balance that activity you just described and have in our agreements with the sellers as much time as we possibly can to get the project ready to as close as we can to starting construction. There are, however, instances when the land and the property that were acquiring is so valuable and the seller knows that, that weve had to buy the land before were ready to start construction. But as a general rule, we will not acquire the land if we know, unless we can confirm that the entitlements and what we would like to build on the land is, the city will allow us to do. So we try to push that to get as close as we can but in some instance we are acquiring the land before were ready to start construction.
Kenneth Woolley:  [Overlay] I think at year end we had raw land on our books of about $50 something million dollars in our assets.
Kent Christensen:  Right, Im sorry, Christy what?
Christine Mcelroy  Banc of America :  That was what I was going to ask, thank you.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Christeen Kim with Deutsche Bank.
Christeen Kim  Deutsche Bank: Hey, Ken, you mentioned seeking out joint ventures or using your current partners to acquire assets, given where the stock price is and where your debt levels are, what are you guys seeing in terms of the institutional appetite for self storage at this point, has there been any changes?
Kenneth Woolley:  The appetite appears to remain robust, but to be very honest we have not yet gone out actively to pursue a joint venture partner in this activity so we dont have first hand experience with the current marketplace.
Christeen Kim  Deutsche Bank: Okay, great and then in terms of your guidance, your core guidance assumptions for this year, what have you assumed for Florida? Have you assumed going back to positive growth there or flat or negative?
Karl Hass:  Uh, flat.
Christeen Kim  Deutsche Bank: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Good afternoon guys, real quickly Ken, can you touch on your investment capacity you have on balance sheet right now under the unencumbered asset pool.
Kent Christensen:  This is Kent, we have about $250 million of properties that are unencumbered that if we were to tap the debt markets on those properties that we could get financing that would allow us to be able to do acquisitions.
Kenneth Woolley:  Let me clear that up, we have $100 million line of credit which is untapped and we have properties worth more than $250 million to which we think we can borrow $250 million. So thats $350 million total if we were wanting to leverage up.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, secondly in terms of the debt markets right now, I mean where is pricing for debt product essentially in the self storage market relative to maybe this time a year ago, where, how much is it up on a year over year basis basically?
Kent Christensen:  Well the spreads that you get as far as a CMBS quote, over the last two months have ranged anywhere from 200 to 400 basis points, just depends on the week that youre calling and the information that were getting from our lenders. But obviously with treasuries dropping and the pricing that we were getting before the credit crunch that occurred in the middle of last year was about 100-125 basis points over the applicable treasury.  So, you know, youre somewhere between 75 basis points higher to 275 basis points higher on the spread, but then the treasuries are lower and so thats where youd, adding those numbers up would give you what the rates would be. There are, appears to be some interest in the non CMBS markets on book deals that could be done for us to be able to obtain financing, smaller amounts of financing, not large amounts, but smaller amounts of financing that companies are wanting to do on book loans and those would be more variable rate loans and would be somewhere between 200-300 over the variable rate [unintelligible] 200 standard over LIBOR.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: So the insurance companies and some of the other financial institutions are still out there lending?
Kent Christensen:  Yes.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Okay and then finally in terms of recurring cap ex for 2008, I know youve got some work youre doing on some of the 5A rent a space properties, you know could you describe what your outlook is for recurring cap ex and how much you plan to spend just on portfolio improvement stuff?
Kent Christensen:  Were doing the budget for this year is about $0.35 per square foot and which that does include, that does not include the 5A, the 5A stuff, were able to, we had budgeted about $10 million and about $2 million of that was completed by the end of the year and we still need another $8 million or so to be done this year. So in addition to the $8 million on the 5A were planning on about $0.35 for the rest of the portfolio.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Great, thanks guys and congratulations on the good quarter.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Michael Knott with Green Street Advisors.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors:  Hey guys, wondering if you can just give us a little color on what buyers are underwriting today in the market for self storage, what types of unlevered returns or cap rates?
Kent Christensen:  We havent seen a lot of transactions close so were not, we know that were still getting outbid on the transactions that were bidding and were bidding between 7.25-7.50 and were still getting outbid and that produces you know a 9-10% IRR depending on what kind of inflation factors and other assumptions you make on your equity. So those are the kind of the underwriting numbers that were using and as I stated were getting outbid. So that implies that people are coming up with numbers that are lower than those.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors:  Okay and then could you guys give us a little assessment of your 07 acquisition activity given that it was pretty sizable and given the negative comments about the state of values in the for sale market today?
Kenneth Woolley:  Let me characterize it a little bit, there were 38 wholly owned properties that we purchased. I dont know, ten or 12 of them were the [nuppy] 5A rent a space properties that was one transaction that was sort of, didnt really have competition on that, it was a privately negotiated transaction off the market. The rest of the transactions, all but one were transactions where we purchased the properties either through existing private relationships or from our existing partners, where we either managed or had a joint venture interest before in the property.  Only one property of the 38 we bought that was widely marketed. This means that the average cap rate that we achieved for properties that we purchased in 2007 was in the range of 7% in actual numbers. The properties that we bid on that I told you about $1.8 billion worth that we didnt get, we were typically outbid by as much as, you know 10-15% and sometimes even more which implied that the cap rates were really happening in the market were in the low sixes, not really in the 7% range. The only reason we were able to achieve that higher cap rate and something that was accretive to us was because of kind of the way we went about it. We continue to hope that well go about it, we will go about it in the same way this year.  As you noticed in our guidance, were not showing any guidance for acquisitions. We will be doing acquisitions, we are active, but where we sort of moved up our cap rate number, just based upon our, the financial markets, but we havent seen the properties come up yet in cap rate or down in value.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors:  Okay and then earlier you said youre not forecasting any acquisitions but you are continuing to look for accretive deals, can you help us understand whether they were primarily focused on earnings accretion or value accretion?
Kenneth Woolley:  Both. Were focused on value accretion without earnings dilution, which means that were not going to be buying very mean lease up properties that could be value accretive but earnings dilutive. So unless we find a joint venture partner to do that with, so we want to have both value accretion and earnings accretion.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors:  Okay and then my last question, Kent, can you just help us understand whether you still have capital invested in the auction rate securities or whether youre out of that now? Can you just help us understand that?
Kent Christensen:  Right theres $24 million of cash that we had used to buy auction rate securities that those all started to [fail] in August of last year and so we still have, this $24 million thats tied up in our auction rate securities. To date, all of those auction rate securities are, our auctions rate securities are held or are investments from insurance companies, none of them are backed up by any kind of CMBS loans or subprime loans. Theres only one, two of the 13 securities are backed up by the companies that insure these products, companies called MBIA and Ambac, but otherwise the other 13 are all securities that are held by insurance companies. Currently all of our loans are currently paying their interest payments.  We get an interest payment every 28 days. Theyre all current and for the most part theyre double A or triple A rated. But because of the illiquidity of the product, obviously none of them are, theres no transactions occurring today, thats why there is a suspect as to what the value of these is. Theres not any question that the principal is in, that we have a problem with the principal is whether or not because of the liquidity aspect what the value is.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors:  Okay, thanks.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of John [Clowny] with Merrill Lynch.
Chris Pike  Merrill Lynch: Its actually Chris, good morning everybody. Can you hear me? Okay good, Ken you talked earlier about the performance of storage through a recession. You know some will contend that were actually there already in many ways. Can you talk about what type of timing lag, if youve historically seen one given your experience in the sector, between when lets say when the NBER officially calls a recession and any downside inflection in operating fundamentals.
Kenneth Woolley:  I dont know that I could give you that information and this is really anecdotal not analytical.
Chris Pike  Merrill Lynch: Exactly, thats all Im looking for [overlay].
Kenneth Woolley:  My anecdotal experience would be there isnt a timing lag, that its concurrent, its not a lagging indicator, its a concurrent indicator if there is any. Recognizing that were running, if you take Florida out, same store revenue growth in the range of 4%, during this, if we are in a recession, thats pretty good. Thats just where it is right now for us.
Chris Pike  Merrill Lynch: Okay and I guess the question for Spencer, I dont know if hes there, you know last time we did meet at [nary] you talked about revisiting some of EXRs best practices and some of the innovations that the company has brought forth over the last few years and trying to actually identify to what extent there is value there relative to the cost. So I guess here we are, 90 days plus after having that meeting, just wondering how that project is proceeding and are there any preliminary observations you guys could share with us on that.
Spencer Kirk:  I appreciate the chance to respond Chris. I have been vigorously working internally on something that you will be hearing more about called enterprise content management. Theres a lot of information about our customers, their behavior, their purchasing decisions and as you look at taking the data that is proprietary to what weve learned about how customers go about using self storage, we think that there is tremendous opportunity in revenue management, in cost containment, in web marketing and design to pull together a competitive advantage that gives us integration of the information that will allow us, we believe, to in an agile way, more quickly respond to real time pricing demands in the marketplace and further enhance our ability to serve up to the customer exactly what he or she desires at the point of purchase.  If I could further expand that, many people look at the concept of a customer from cradle to grave and were thinking outside of the box that at Extra Space, there is a lot that goes on even before the customer acquisition where its really from first glance or first inquiry to grave. And my efforts with what I would consider a significant and capable technical prowess within Extra Space, I think it will allow us to take the enterprise content management and drive our results to a level that has not been seen within storage. Because weve put technology and automation to our advantage. We will invest aggressively. My desire is to support, complement and enhance what Karl and the operational team is doing so well already and give them further energy and information to outmaneuver the competition. 
Chris Pike  Merrill Lynch: So is this using data that EXR has accumulated on existing preferences with respect to current customers and extrapolating that over a larger opportunity set or you know or is it just looking proactively at potential trends and you know customer tastes and expectations coming in as a new user?
Spencer Kirk:  The answer is yes to both of those.
Chris Pike  Merrill Lynch: Okay and I guess just a last question, I dont know if theres any and if you can remind me, the update on the external call center, I know quite a few were in beta and just wondering how you guys are thinking about that and maybe how that call center would work its way into some of these initiatives that Spencer is working on.
Karl Hass:  Well its one of our key initiatives this year to upgrade our call center and we are working with an outside consultant and also an outside call center. We really havent made a decision on which direction were going to go although we are confident we will end up with a call center either operated by us or operated by a third party in Salt Lake City, near the end of the year.
Chris Pike  Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks a lot folks.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Paul Adornato with BMO Capital Markets.
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets:  Hi, could you talk about the performance of the development properties, specifically the lease up, the discounts, promotions and street rents that youre asking and if that provides any insight as to the state of the economy or the industry?
Karl Hass:  What were seeing in the rent ups is pretty much consistent with what weve seen in the past. California properties rent up a lot faster than properties in the east and it really depends, weve had some that are performing great even in the east and weve had some that have had you know slower rent up. The rates are pretty much where we had projected them when we did our original projections and you know all in all there, if you take the whole package and wrap it together, its pretty much performing where we would have thought they would be performing.
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets:  And whats your appetite for new developments, looking out perhaps 2009, 2010.
Kent Christensen:  This is Kent, weve, our development team has constantly and continuing to work on new opportunities in the development area. Ken mentioned the 24 that are possibly opening this year and next year. In addition to those 24, we have another between 25 and 30 properties that are in our pipeline of openings in either 2009 or 2010 or 11. So thats a program thats still going full speed ahead.
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets:  And does switching to insurance, you mentioned that the tenant insurance program had some nice growth, is that just because of the larger pool of properties under management or is that greater penetration, greater sales on the part of [overlay].
Karl Hass:  This is Karl, it really has been as a result of greater focus and which has resulted in much higher penetration.
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets:  And do you feel that youve plateaud there or do you have more to go in terms of penetration?
Karl Hass:  We feel we have more growth, it wont be at the same rate that we grew in 2007. 
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets:  And what percentage of new customers get the insurance?
Karl Hass:  Its in the 60-70% range.
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets:  Okay, thanks very much.
Operator:  As a reminder to ask a question please press star one. And your next question comes from the line of Paula Poskon with Robert W. Baird.
Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird:  Thank you, most of my questions have been answered, just a couple of follow ups. As you consider acquisition opportunities, do you see any difference in the sellers expectations between those selling stabilized assets versus those selling lease up opportunities?
Kent Christensen:  This is Kent, still to date were still, that would be an area where we would think that the expectations would change but starting about two years ago, a lot of properties came to market with the expectation of even though they were in lease up, sellers were expecting full value. And for the things that we are bidding on, once again these transactions havent closed, but weve been outbid on them. Were putting a discount on properties where theyre in lease up but were being outbid and so thats were, we still have not seen sellers expectations change there. You would think that that would happen but we havent seen it yet.
Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird:  Thanks and then lastly, just to follow up on your commentary about the demand drivers and the stickiness of storage et cetera, to the extent that you are tracking this, are you seeing any bumps in demand from households combining in the swelling housing markets or from owners downsizing that are moving from homeownership back to rental.
Kenneth Woolley:  I would say theres so much noise in the data that its very difficult to separate that out. So you know it may be there but the noise is too great so I cant answer that.
Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird:  Okay, thanks very much.
Kenneth Woolley:  The one thing I can say is that were not seeing extraordinarily high move outs, were not seeing any change in move out rates than a year ago or two years ago.
Paula Poskon  Robert W. Baird:  Thats helpful, thank you.
Operator:  And your next question is a follow up from the line of Michael Knott with Green Street Advisors.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Hey guys, can you just touch again on the capital strategy. Lets say in a poor case scenario the public market doesnt reflect any change in values 12 months from now and debt markets are still challenging, how do you fund the development pipeline for 09 and 10, how would you strategize in that type of circumstance where equity is not appealing and debt is still challenging.
Kent Christensen:  Well the, to answer your question, this is Kent again Mike, the capital needs for our development program for the next two years is as I said in my script, between $25-$35 million. So with the availability we have on the line of credit plus the properties that are unleveraged, it would cause our debt to total market cap to go up slightly but we could easily fund all of the development programs that we have in place right now.  The debt, and that assumes that we can get 80% leverage on those properties and as I also stated the appetite for the banks to do our development programs is substantial. We have numerous banks that would love to do our development program. Were not having any push back. In fact we just closed on some loans in the last two weeks on our development program at the kind of rates that Im talking about, very aggressive and very good terms on our development program. So thats why the cash that we need to do this is very limited to the $25-$35 million which we have today.
Kenneth Woolley:  But you know to further talk about that, thats one of the reasons that were being very modest in our expectations for acquisitions this year. We view the development program as being much more important to our long term viability and growth as a company than the acquisitions and we can turn acquisitions on and off but once you get development going its harder to turn it off and if you turn it off, its harder to start it again. And its much more accretive in the long run for us than acquisitions.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Okay.
Operator:  And your next question is a follow up from the line of John [Clowny] with Merrill Lynch.
Chris Pike  Merrill Lynch: Hey its Chris again, Kent sorry if I missed this earlier but with respect to the ARS position, so I guess from reading and understanding things right, the combined 1, 2 and 1,4 that is really with respect to Q4, correct?
Kent Christensen:  What occurred is that the auction rates fell in August, by the end of December the brokerage house that were using to trade in these sent us a statement where they had determined that the securities had gone down in value as of December 31. We then subsequently received another statement from the brokerage house as of January 31 further showing a further reduction in the value of these securities.  Of those securities, we reviewed them with our auditors and with the brokerage house and determined that some of them might have an impairment that should run through the income statement while others of them should have only a temporary impairment and thats why the total amount of the statement that we received from our brokerage house as of January 31 has been written down, part of it through earnings, part of it as a temporary impairment. This is a very fluid issue, the accountants and Extra Space and I think everybody is trying to deal with what it is, is actually happening here. This is our best assessment right now as to where the market is today.
Chris Pike  Merrill Lynch: Okay because I guess, just in thinking about it, its really come to the forefront of economic news headlines within the last few weeks or so and I just want to make sure that were thinking about all future expectation with respect to any further write downs. And I guess did this impact the P&L, is it an other income, through the other income line item? Where exactly does it hit the P&L?
Kent Christensen:  Its in other income.
Chris Pike  Merrill Lynch: Okay, so once again, so this 1, 4 of temporary charges or temporary impairments, that could get reversed or what [overlay].
Kent Christensen:  If were ultimately able to liquidate this security at face value, then everything that weve just recorded would be unwound, the $1.4 million would be re-reversed off the balance sheet and the $1.2 million would be reversed back through the income statement, if were able to come to a resolution and were able to somehow unwind these securities. Not knowing how the ultimate outcome of thats going to be cause us to make the entries that we did.
Kenneth Woolley:  Let me emphasize that we wrote them down on December 31 to the January 31 value, not the December 31 value.
Chris Pike  Merrill Lynch: Thats what I was trying to get to Ken, so to the extent theres any other write downs between Jan 31 and now, thats just a wait and see [overlay].
Kenneth Woolley:  Well yeah I mean we dont have a new number from January 31 so we wrote down everything we knew as of the end of the year.
Chris Pike  Merrill Lynch: Okay, okay sir, thank you very much.
Operator:  And this concludes our question and answer session, Ill now turn the call back over to Mr. Ken Woolley for closing remarks.
Kenneth Woolley:  Thank you everybody for joining our call, we appreciate your interest in our company and we look forward to talking to many of the analysts and our investors in the coming months. And were also kind of looking forward to the new year. Its staring out well for us and were happy about that and we do appreciate the support of all of our shareholders to our company. And well end with that comment, thank you.
Operator:  And thank you for your participation in todays conference, this concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Good day.
