===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-16 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Prologis First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce to you, Justin Meng, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Thank you, Justin. You may begin.
Unknown Executive: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statement or federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or other SEC filings. Additionally, our first quarter earnings press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP. And in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. I'd like to welcome Tim Arndt, our CFO, who will cover results, real-time market conditions and guidance. Hamid Moghadam, our CEO, and Dan Letter, President; and Chris Caton, Managing Director, are also with us today. With that, I'll hand the call over to Tim.
Timothy Arndt: Thanks, Justin. Good morning to everybody, and thank you for joining the call. Prologis delivered a very strong quarter. We leased 58 million square feet, a near-record broke ground on several build-to-suit developments with key customers and expanded our power capacity by 400 megawatts to support growing demand for data centers, a 13% increase. We outperformed our expectations on earnings, occupancy and -- prior to April 2, industrial fundamentals were improving and had it not been for the recent uncertainty from global tariffs and their downstream impacts, we would have raised our expectations for 2025. Instead, we are electing to maintain earnings guidance as there are no policy conclusions right now to plan differently and our severe stress test to core FFO supports the existing range. While the instability created in the last 2 weeks may disrupt logistics and supply chains, it will certainly slow decision-making. Many companies now question where to source are or even sell their goods. In speaking with customers, they echo the sentiment, while at the same time revealing a need for flexible inventory positioning in the evolving landscape. Let's be clear, the range of outcomes is wide. We see potential for a recession -- or possibly both. And let's also not dismiss the potential for a quick resolution. It's important to remember that Prologis was designed to weather any environment. We have a global footprint with a highly diversified rent roll. Our revenues are contractual with fixed or inflation-linked escalations. Fortress balance sheet has unrivaled access to global capital and we are trusted partner to many of the largest institutional investors in our strategic capital business. All of this positioning Prologis to be a partner of choice for our customers, especially in turbulent times. Before I review the quarter, let me share 3 high-level thoughts. First, a disconnected world will require more warehouse space, not less. Second, the current environment is an endorsement of our long-standing strategy to invest in markets where goods are consumed, not where they're produced. And third, we built our company with intention to not only withstand market disruptions, but to take advantage of opportunities as they arise. Turning to the quarter. Core FFO, including net promotes was $1.42 per share, and excluding net promotes was $1.43 per share, each ahead of our forecast. Occupancy ended the quarter at 95.2%, down 70 basis points from year-end, which was better than expected due principally to strong retention. Net effective rent change during the quarter was 54% and on a cash basis was 32%. As a result, net effective and cash same-store growth during the quarter were 5.9% and 6.2%, respectively. Our net effective lease mark-to-market ended the quarter at 25% and with most of the sequential decline driven by the increase of in-place rents. This 25% represents a further $1.1 billion of incremental NOI after capturing another $105 million during the quarter. On capital deployment, we started approximately $650 million in new developments, outperforming our forecast with nearly 80% of the activity and build-to-suits with lease terms that average 16 years. We have been describing the build-to-suit pipeline is robust for some time and in the last several months, decision-making finally thought which we believe highlights the need for space is real, but what has kept volumes low is confidence. We have over a dozen deals still in active dialogue today and in fact, have signed an additional 2 transactions for 1.1 million square feet post April 2. The pace so far this year has been well ahead of normal. In our data center business, 400 megawatts of power has moved to our advanced stage category upon agreement with utilities for projects in a Tier 1 market. We now total 2 gigawatts in this category alongside our 1.4 gigawatts of power, which is already fully secured. Our conversations with utilities and hyperscalers alike have been very productive, and we will have start activity to report for the second quarter. And finally, at quarter end, we have over 900 megawatts of solar and storage capacity either in operation or under development advancing us closer to our 1 gigawatt goal for the year with the U.S. and global -- both and great need for additional energy production and solar as the least expensive format, we feel great about the long-term prospects of this growing business. On the balance sheet, we raised approximately $400 million in new capital for our flagship open-ended funds yet had similar amount of redemptions, leaving the capital raise near neutral in total. Relatively light quarter debt issuance with $550 million raised at a weighted average rate of 4.1% and including the Canadian bond transaction further insulating that currency exposure. Our balance sheet remains in great shape as evidenced by the upgrade we received from Moody's this quarter to an A2 rating. Prologis now being one of only 2 public REITs with an A-flat rating from both agencies. Turning to the operating environment, which I'll cover by describing conditions before and after April 2. The postelection uptick in leasing held steady throughout the quarter with improving proposal volumes and conversions. We saw increased touch points with our global customers and higher activity levels specifically within transport, food and beverage, consumer products and electronics. Week by week, we were on the lookout for any slowdown in the level of interest or pace of leasing following the strong fourth quarter. And while it did not invest in our pipeline numbers, as early tariff threats came on and off and uncertainty grew mid-quarter, we did speculate that we see a slowdown in decision-making. With all of that being old, let's turn to an update on the last 2 weeks. While it's ultimately announced on April 2, clearly went beyond our early predictions, making the environment less certain. Even with the pause in some tariffs or a resolution of others, Customers simply lack a steady backdrop upon which to plan their businesses. We've now dialogued with more than 300 customers, including 2 -- prompt customer advisory boards representing over 20% of our rent roll. This is what we've heard. Our customer moving quickly to manage tariff volatility with many accelerating shipments where possible. They're also rerouting volumes and have urgent demand for overflow space. Accordingly, they are looking for short-term flexibility and 3PLs are typically where they turn. Indeed, 3PL's flex space is getting more utilized with 1 prominent name describing that they've increased their utilization from 83% to over 90%. We Additionally, alternatives such as free trade zones and bonded warehouses are being evaluated. Our customers who are focused on food and beverage, industrial manufacturing and essential consumer products like health and household goods are more insulated and are operating with confidence but of course, customer selling goods with China-based production faced the most uncertainty. Price increases to consumers will be passed through where they can, but margins will still come under pressure Therefore, planning horizons are shortening and flexibility remains key. And customers like everybody are concerned about a recession where consumption and demand will be negatively affected further shaping their response. The diversity of feedback was a good reminder that many of our customers source domestically and are relatively unaffected while others have the capability to adapt or even stand to benefit. Whatever the scenario, our team is moving decisively to partner with our customers and meet their needs. In the last 2 weeks alone, we've signed approximately 80 leases for more than 6 million square feet. That's a roughly 20% dip from our usual pace, and we expect things may slow further, but it does reflect a market that's still active. Looking ahead, here are some things we expect. Inventory levels will increase as businesses stockpile and build resiliency. E-commerce is likely to take more share in an environment where product availability becomes an important factor to consumers in choosing how to shop. Global markets will become more important with Canada, India and Brazil, among those in our portfolio that we expect to benefit. Mexico will be another, and it has stood out in terms of a growing level of interest pre and post April 2. Port markets may benefit from an immediate buildup of inventories. From there, we will need time to know how or if trade flows ultimately adjust. Nevertheless, we still believe in the long-term outlook for such markets with large population centers and significant supply constraints, a topic we'll be sharing further research on in the coming days. Finally, we believe that the inflationary effects of tariffs will only serve to increase the value of hard assets, replacement costs and rents. Turning to our guidance. As mentioned, our first quarter results and outlook would have called for a tightening and increase of guidance, including earnings. Given the circumstances, however, we've opted to hold most areas unchanged with the main exception in capital deployment. We are reducing our development start guidance at our share to $1.5 billion to $2 billion, which reflects a reduction in our expectations for spec development until visibility improves. Our combined contribution and disposition guidance is also decreasing to a range of $400 million to $1 billion, again, reflecting uncertainty in both the capital markets and the fundraising environment. In turn, we are reducing our development gain guidance to a range of $100 million to $250 million. We're also increasing our G&A guidance to a new range of $450 million to $470 million, in part due to the impact on capitalization from the lower development activity. Outside of this, all other areas of our prior guidance are unchanged, with core FFO, including Net Promoter to still range between $5.65 and $5.81 per share and core FFO, excluding the promote expense to range between $5.70 and $5.86 per share. As I mentioned, we look carefully at our guidance and a severe stress test by examining the fallout from past crises including the [ bamera ], the GFC [ Brexit ] and the early days of COVID. GFC had the most extreme outcomes in terms of occupancy loss, rent declines and defaults, which we mirrored and made worse by layering on additional levels of bad debt. In this scenario, we see an earnings outcome that lands at the bottom of but within our range. Anything can happen, and we will reassess in the second quarter, but we feel good about the residency it reflects. In closing, we run the company in a disciplined way with the simple tenant to stay close to customers and invest capital accretively. So times like this do not call for dramatic shifts to our strategy. We will be attentive to our customers, and we will use our balance sheet wisely. We will leverage our strengths in securing build-to-suits in both logistics and data centers. We will continue to harvest all that the platform provides in the way of profitable, adjacent businesses that support our customers and above all, will empower and rely on our people whose expertise and dedication are the foundation of our success. With that, I will turn the call over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And the first question comes from the line of Tom Catherwood with BTIG.
William Catherwood: Good afternoon, everybody. Tim, I appreciated your commentary on interactions with customers over the past 2 weeks, and appreciate how much is changing on a day-to-day basis. But the other sub to the industrial equation isn't just customers and their supply chains, it's demand, which is ultimately driven by consumption. Are there lessons from prior just from -- you obviously mentioned the dot-com GFC but also from kind of the first round of tariffs during the first Trump administration that can serve as a guide for the current environment, maybe in form a, what you're looking for to kind of judge consumption and demand? And also, what are the risks to consumers going forward?
Hamid Moghadam: Well, let me take a stab with that. Hamid here. Clearly, if we get into a recession environment, consumption will take a hit. But I don't think you're looking to our call for predictions about whether we're going to have a recession or not, they're better sources you can go for that. But certainly, our business and any other business in a recessionary environment will suffer. You handicap that probability. We're not really qualified to do that. But with respect to the relationship between consumption and GDP growth, that relationship has remained constant for decades now. It's about 70% in the U.S., and it's lower than that in other emerging countries and coming up, increasing. So I'm pretty confident that the consumption in the long term will trend up. And during a recession, it will take a hit. Now as to the 2017 tariffs, I think we've shared this with you before. Can't tell you what happened to consumption. Basically, nothing happened to consumption. That I can tell you. I don't remember the exact numbers. But what I can tell you is that since that date, U.S. production of things that are consumed in the U.S. went up 2% in real terms. What was made in China went up by 2%. Overall, consumption went up in the 20s in the mid-20s. So where did that increase come from? It came from China plus 1 and Mexico and to a lesser extent, Europe. So certainly, we've seen some of these trends change the picture and the origins of manufactured goods. But again, as we've said many, many times, where they're consumed is what we care about, and they didn't really do anything where they're consumed or how much they're consumed.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: I guess, Tim, just wanted to maybe focus a little bit on the leasing, the commencements and then I know that you had talked about occupancy dropping kind of in the early part of the year and then rebuilding in the back half of the year. But the occupancy drop at least versus our estimates, was a bit wider than what we were looking for. I know you don't provide a quarterly lease expiration schedule you kind of just provide the annual. But maybe just help us bridge the gap on the kind of spot occupancy decline in the quarter? And then maybe how do you think about occupancy cadence over the course of the rest of this year versus maybe where you were a couple of months ago?
Timothy Arndt: Thanks, Steve. Yes. So look, the other side of the equation that you need to consider in looking at an occupancy drop in any time period as what are the -- what's the role that's coming up. So we had a disproportionate amount of leases rolling in the first quarter. So while I would describe our retention is pretty good at 73%. Just a lot rolling there, and that caused the drop. I'd characterize the drop is not dissimilar from history and very much in line with our expectations. As for the second part of your question, in the stress test that we looked at or let me go back a quarter, our prior guidance, imagine that we were going to lose some occupancy over the course of the year and build back up by the end of the year. One of the main changes in the stress test is that we are going to lose that occupancy as planned and even more, and it's going to basically stay at that level until the end of the year, and that's reflected when we looked at the stressed scenario.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: Just going back to sort of the stress test and thinking about sort of the specific tenant groups, particularly 3PLs and sort of their impact in the Inland Empire West. Just sort of curious, just real time, how you guys are thinking about that group and what sort of the assumptions that are being baked in.
Christopher Caton: It's Chris. I'll jump in. So what I think you're talking about and is worth covering here is simply this category of Asian 3PLs. This is a category that faces new risks. But to keep it in perspective, the U.S. business of these Asian 3PLs are just a little over 1.5% of our rent. Now policy is still evolving, and let's not speculate here. But as you come to your own views, a few things keep in mind. One, these customers are growing in response to just general e-commerce growth as well as state side inventory fulfillment models. These companies have found a product market fit and product will need to flow. These companies have also taken steps to mitigate risk. They're pulling forward inventories. They are diversifying their sources, their production sources and they're also growing their domestic customer footprint. Ultimately, their performance is going to be subject to how policies evolve from here, and we will keep you informed as the situation changes.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. The other thing I would add to that is that if you just try this on your own go on some of the big e-commerce sites and try to buy some phone charges for your iPhone or iPad or pretty much anything of that ilk. And you'll see that it's sold out and don't know when we're going to get some more. So the demand is clearly there. But the challenge is getting the inventory in to fulfill that demand. So I think the underlying band is pretty good.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith with UBS.
Michael Goldsmith: I guess, there's been recent news about Amazon being back in the market. Can you talk a little bit about what that means for overall demand, how that can impact the overall industry? And if how that has influenced pricing power in the past and that can have an impact this time?
Dan Letter: Thanks, Michael. This is Dan. We have definitely seen Amazon in the market. As a matter of fact, we've signed some pretty good deals with them this year. And we're seeing the overall e-commerce segment of our customer base. very strong right now back to high teens, 20% of our overall leasing. So really pleased with what we're seeing from them.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman of Citi.
Unknown Analyst: It's Jason here with Craig. In the opening remarks, you talked about the company looking to take advantage of opportunities. I was hoping you could discuss that in more detail will be the opportunities you're starting to see emerge or kind of trying to keep eye on where you would look to lean into, if possible?
Hamid Moghadam: Too soon to -- for anybody thinking about putting something in the market or selling something, certainly the last 2 weeks have not been the time to execute that strategy. So I think these things will take a while to play out. And depends on how bad things get. There are 2 things going on. One, there's pressure on rents, obviously. And second, I don't know where the 10 year is going to go, and cap rates are kind of correlated with that. So I think most people in this environment are going to wait and see for some clarity. But depending on how bad this thing gets, it could be 6 months, maybe 9 months before you start seeing some opportunities. And let's not speculate about how bad it's going to get or whether this is going to be a blip. I don't know. I mean it changes every day.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows: Maybe just on lease gestation. I know it was above average in 4Q and then it was up again in 1Q, which makes sense. But can you go through some more of what you're hearing from customers and potential customers with respect to kind of who is making decisions today? What's driving them versus who's dragging out that decision-making time line? And what could make them ultimately make a decision and then the group that might just say for now, we're standing on the sidelines?
Christopher Caton: It's Chris. I'll take a stab at that. So first, you're reading the statistics correctly, gestation was elevated in the quarter. So that's really happened stance and mix in the first quarter. So there's going to be some seasonality as it relates to December and November deals that just take a bit longer with the holidays. And also the trend we discussed as it relates to preelection opportunities landing that continued into January, lifting the number. We think it will continue to remain elevated. There is a range of customers that are talking to us that have growth requirements. They have it need for space and they just need a clear economic backdrop, tariff backdrop to make decisions. But there are a handful of customers making decisions. Some are responding to supply chain volatility and bringing in goods urgently for their own tactics.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. I think you see that in the 3PL utilization rates because that's the first place you're going to go. And remember, a lot of these people have been in delaying decision mode for a number of years. And if their underlying businesses are solid, they can't do that anymore. Perhaps the most surprising thing that I've seen is that even in the last 2 weeks, we signed a lot of leases and we've signed build-to-suits. And these customers could have just said, okay, let's punt on those until we have clarity. So I'm actually very encouraged. And you can't take 2 weeks and extrapolate too much, but actually in those 2 weeks, the number of build-to-suits that we have signed are significantly larger in terms of square footage and rent than what we normally signed for a 2-week period going back a couple of years comparing. But it's 2 weeks, so who knows. But there are definitely people out there making decisions. And I wouldn't be surprised if the vast majority are going to try to delay it as much as possible. But water is building behind the dam. It's going to break at some point.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho.
Vikram Malhotra: I just wanted to clarify kind of the stress test scenarios. Maybe if you can give us a little more color. You talked about where you thought the occupancy was in the down case. Do you mind just giving us a sense of like where did rent -- market rent shake out for the quarter, where there's sort of net absorption in your market to take out for the quarter? And then if you take those other components, where are they in the stress test in terms of low end and high end?
Timothy Arndt: Okay. I'll take on the stress test description, and Chris can hit some of what happened during the quarter. Basically, in the GFC, what we had seen in the first 12-month period at least, was market occupancy decline of 170 basis points. We took that in added it to our -- the decline that we had already. And as I mentioned earlier, just had it sustained through the end of the year. We had seen market rents drop 18%. We brought that into the forecast had it affected immediately instead of playing out over some months, just took it upfront. And then the last piece is bad debt. Our experience in the GFC was bad debt of 56 basis points. We actually have integrated a higher level there by picking up parts of our portfolio have something that's closer to 75 basis points on an annualized run rate. So we think we hit it pretty hard.
Christopher Caton: So on conditions in the quarter, we saw an absorption 21 million square feet. We saw global decline 1.5%. Almost all of that, by the way, was Southern California globally, excluding Southern California rents only dipped about 50 basis points with many markets flat or rising.
William Catherwood: Yes. And the thing I want to make sure everybody understands here. We are not setting up a new range. This is not a prediction. We just wanted to know what's the worst thing that can happen. Of course, the worst thing that can happen is nuclear war and this is all academic. But going back and looking at the last 4 or 5 major downturns and taking the worst on every parameter on every independent variable, combining it together and then adding some basically still gets us to the bottom of the range. But please, this is not a prediction. We are incapable of making a prediction in this environment. And there is no data and we have more of it than anybody can power us to confidently predict anything for you. So we just wanted to know how bad it could get.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Truist Securities.
Ki Bin Kim: Do you have a lens of what the level of import tariffs, your average customer could possibly bear? I know there's a wide range of customers, but this high-level question. And I'm not sure if the 10% tariff is a win for your customers? Or does it have to be at 5%, just any kind of thoughts you can share?
William Catherwood: Yes. Again, this is pure speculation because we haven't had any discussions or these kinds of tariffs. I think since the turn century. But my sense is that given the way this policy was rolled out, I think people were prepared for something around 10%. But on April 2, basically, I would say if you pull our average customer, they would have said, "Hey, we don't know, MB, it's going to be a lot higher." And then with the pause, I think they feel somewhat a sense of relief. I think that the economy can absorb a 10% tariff. But it will change how these inventories are routed. To some extent and where they come from. I think net-net, if you go beyond sort of what happens next month or next quarter, I think if I were going to predict anything, I would say Mexico would be a big beneficiary of all this, so with Brazil, and we would probably have a coming from China for sure. And the country is surrounding around China in Asia would have a higher here. And Europe, I think is going to probably tread water or maybe decline a bit because there's still -- in Germany, the big exporter is very focused on internal combustion cars. And I think those are going to come under pressure. So that's what I think is going to happen. But who knows?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street.
Vince Tibone: I wanted to follow up on the comment that disconnected world requires more warehouse space. Could you just elaborate on that remark and how you arrived at that conclusion?
William Catherwood: Yes, Vince, let me tell you a story. I was in Brazil when Brexit was announced. By the time I got on the plane and landed in San Francisco, the market had discounted the value of our U.K. portfolio by more than its entire value, okay? And I was bombarded by questions of what's going to happen and what do you think is going to happen to your U.K. business. So the RD -- written off more than 100% of the value of our U.K. business and the stock during that 10-hour flight. What did happen? For the ensuing 3 or 4 years, the need for inventory increased both in the U.K. and in the continent because those supply chains that were optimized across Europe had to be rebuilt for the continent and for the U.K. separately. And that required net more space. So that's what happens when you go through these transitions, and by the way, throughout that period, occupancy remained at 99% in the U.K. So these things don't play out the way some of the newspaper articles talk about. And we believe that duplication of what is a highly engineered supply chain during times of uncertainty will lead to more inventory, and therefore, more space to put it.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo.
Blaine Heck: Can you talk a little bit more about any change you might be seeing in demand from your fund investors, how they're thinking about their allocation to the industrial sector overall and current pricing and I guess, whether you'd expect to see increasing redemption requests in the funds in the coming quarters?
William Catherwood: The answer is, we were seeing a really strong, positive and leading up to April 2 and lesser discussions and lots of interest and inquiries and reversing rates and all that, more than any time, I would say, since 2022. After April 2, I think people are waiting to see what the denominator effect is going to be. I mean it's not a real estate question. Real estate as a percentage of allocation of the overall portfolio. And the stock market is down, I don't know, teens. So by definition, even with increasing real estate allocations, it could be that the absolute dollars available for real estate are going to go down. Also, a lot of institutions have committed maybe over admitted to some private asset classes, venture, private equity, et cetera, et cetera. And the liquidity coming out of those coming back from those is certainly going to be curtailed. I mean there are fewer IPOs that are going to happen this uncertain environment and liquidity events are pure and further between. So I think it's the denominator effect that will affect -- that will determine how much money will come out. Not so much interest in industrial real estate, which was really good and getting better.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller: How do you see UPS downsizing the Amazon exposures impacting your next couple of years?
Timothy Arndt: Mike, could you repeat that, please?
Michael Mueller: Yes. So sorry about this. How do you see UPS downsizing of its Amazon exposure impacting you over the next couple of years?
William Catherwood: Our business with UPS has continued, and we've done actually some pretty significant leases with them lately. So I don't know. That's not something that's come up in our discussions.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Samir Khanal with Bank of America.
Samir Khanal: Just looking at the smaller spaces below 100,000 square feet, that 92% occupancy seems a bit lower versus the other sizes. I guess that was a bit surprising. Can you maybe provide color on that and maybe markets that are seeing that space seeing more challenges than others? Just trying to understand usually that type of space, I thought it is a bit less supply and would have been faring a little bit better. Just want a bit more color.
Dan Letter: Thanks, Samir. That 100,000 square foot and less customer base is typically actually the lowest occupancy you see if you look quarter-over-quarter in our supplemental. There's nothing unusual this quarter or last quarter that would suggest there's any issue there. as it relates to markets where there may be issues.
Christopher Caton: Yes, I'll jump in. So the strongest markets, first off, are global. Being international is great in this environment, whether it's Europe, whether it's Latin America, whether it's Japan. As it relates to the American markets, we've seen a broadening of strength across categories. So the Southeast has been and the Sunbelt has been resilient, whether it's Seattle, Nashville, Houston and increasingly, Dallas. And we're also seeing an inflection and improvement in the Midwest. So pick a market like Indianapolis. That's one that's really moved a lot in the last year.
Dan Letter: Yes. One more thing, Samir, is the smaller spaces actually have shorter lease terms. So that's where you see a lot more churn. And certainly, if you look at that customer base, it's going to be the smaller businesses that may have more of an impact. So we're paying very close attention to it, but we're just not seeing anything today.
William Catherwood: Yes. And they have lower credit by and large. They're small customers with lower credit. So in if you believe in a recession scenario, that sector is going to get hit more. But you said something that's really important. I do agree that replacement costs for that product is significantly higher than values today. So there is some protection on the supply of smaller spaces. They're very expensive to build. And while I'm on that topic, let me answer a question that hasn't come up, which is that in this environment, and its inflationary effect, we are seeing replacement costs go up significantly. And with the 10-year backing up, the yield requirements on development has gone up significantly. So the combination of those 2 means that the replacement cost rents that will justify new construction are now much higher than they were a month ago. And I think that bodes well for the long-term supply picture here, less supply. Thank you, Samir.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brendan Lynch with Barclays.
Ki Bin Kim: The 6.2% cash same-store NOI in the first quarter was quite strong compared to your annual guidance for 4.5%. Can you just walk us through what your expectations are for the cadence throughout the rest of the year?
Timothy Arndt: Well, it's going to be influenced mostly by occupancy from here. That's a stat that's pretty volatile to the quarter. year-over-year, I'll say, differences in free rent for leases that are commencing within the quarter. So it can be volatile for that -- net effect of both are going to be largely a function from here of the year-over-year occupancy changes, which we've already made clear, we think, in our base case, that was going to march down and in our stress case, still the case and a little more so.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. The main driver of that is the mark-to-market. Basically it's not, at this point, a change in near-term increases in -- rent and occupancies are tough to predict, but a program of bet are probably going to come down a little bit if this thing continues.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC.
Michael Carroll: I had a more basic leasing question. So how long does it typically take from an industrial lease to be signed versus when it actually commences. So if activity was pretty healthy in the first quarter and slowed down 20% in April, and I understand it's only 2 weeks so far. When could that actually start to impact lease amendments in your overall occupancy? I mean, are we talking about this being a 2Q type issue? Or is it more like a 3Q type issue?
Christopher Caton: I'll give you a couple of facts here and others may jump in. This is Chris. So renewals can be signed well in advance anywhere from 3 months to 12 months, depending on the size of the lease. And then new lease commencements can be really rapid. We've had a handful of customers want to move in, in a couple of weeks. Up to order of magnitude maybe 45 days. So it really depends on the mix in terms of new versus renewal and also the size.
William Catherwood: Yes, new buildings, it takes longer because they've got to build it out.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets.
John Kim: Going back about a month ago, Hamid, you discussed in the Bloomberg interview that the change in tone has slowed in the past couple of weeks prior to the interview, not really reflected in the data, but that has happened. So I guess my question is, if the tariff uncertainty is resolved, will demand completely recover to where it was earlier this year? Or were there other reasons tenants were acting more cautious pre-April 2?
William Catherwood: No other reason that I can think of. And by the way, if I knew the answer to your second question, I would ask you, where do you think the market is going to end up at the end of the year? I don't know. I mean short term, it's very hard to predict these things. That's why I don't even try. But long term is what we're folks focused in the ramp here and the path to that long term can take many different directions.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Nicholas Yulico with Scotiabank.
Nicholas Yulico: I wanted to go back to the -- some of the net absorption data you talked about. I think, Chris, you said in the first quarter, it was $21 million. A year ago, it was in the -- was $27 million, and you guys were saying that wasn't a great number, and you ended up reducing a net absorption forecast for the year. So just trying to understand is, is it right to look at that number year-over-year because based on that, it feels like this first quarter for the overall market wasn't as good as it was a year ago, and I'm not sure what we should be reading into that versus PLD having what you thought was sort of a better leasing quarter overall, but maybe the market is not also reflecting that?
Christopher Caton: I think you answered the question for me. I completely agree with the way you position that, which is, yes, the first quarter is seasonal. It's a seasonally light quarter. So the $21 million annualizes to around $105 million, $110 million there can absolutely be variability in the numbers, as I think you postulated in your question. I think more important to us is the conversation we're having with our customers and their growth requirements and their growth outlook. So that's how we made our assessment.
William Catherwood: Yes. Last year, we didn't have an election. So a lot of the decisions on leasing that would have turned into actual leasing and occupancy in the first quarter would have been made in the fourth quarter, which was still and unknown from an election point of view. So there was a big uncertainty that didn't exist in the prior year. We used to have a role in here that absorption in -- throughout the year was 1, 2, 3, 4. Now I don't -- it's leveled out a little bit from that. It's not quite that extreme. But actually, the normal seasonal pattern is that absorption and occupancy and leasing of space increases throughout the year.
Dan Letter: Let me add one more point here. Actually, something Prologis can control. We had about 12% of our rent roll rolling this year. We actually have put 7% of that in the bank already. So we're about 60 our way through that with only 5% of that left to go. So we're in pretty good shape at this point here.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. This is the final question.
Steve Sakwa: Tim, just to go back, I just want to make sure I understand that there's kind of the base case and there's your kind of work case scenario. But in your base case, and you mentioned that in the last couple of weeks, leasing volumes were down 20%. I guess I'm just trying to figure out what -- I guess, what level of leasing activity are you assuming in sort of your base case or guidance in terms of either reduction or increases in leasing kind of from here through the end of the year?
Timothy Arndt: Look, I described It's hard to a number on that because ultimately, we reflected in the occupancy drop that we think is going to be more severe and stay low, as I mentioned. That's a mix of both lower retention as well as a slower pace of new leasing. And the way we tested all that was put it through some ranges. So it's just one of those things that is unknowable, but I think the end result, which ultimately drives occupancy, same-store earnings, we've got covered in the stress test.
Dan Letter: So that was the last question. So to close out, I just want to make a couple of remarks around the fact that no doubt we're in a very fluid environment right now. The good news is we are built for this. And I really want to thank our teams out there for their execution and focus. Thanks for joining the call, and we'll speak to you next quarter.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. \

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-21 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Prologis Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Justin Meng, Senior Vice President, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Justin Meng: Thanks, Jamali, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2024 earnings conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. I'd like to state that this call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K and other SEC filings. Additionally, our fourth quarter earnings release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP. And in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. I'd like to welcome Tim Arndt, our CFO, who will cover results, real-time market conditions, and guidance; Hamid Moghadam, our CEO; Dan Letter, President; and Chris Caton, Managing Director are also with us today. With that, I'll hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Arndt: Thanks, Justin. Good morning, everybody and thank you for joining our call. I'd like to begin by recognizing the devastating wildfires still affecting Los Angeles. We operate a large portfolio there, but more importantly, we have colleagues, customers, and their communities struggling with the aftermath. It's too early to predict the full ramifications, but we'll continue to support the response and stay connected with local and state leaders as well as service organizations as the region works to recover. We have no doubt that a vibrant and dynamic Los Angeles will emerge from this crisis even stronger. In our business, the bottoming process across our markets continues to progress. Leasing in our portfolio accelerated following the U.S. election, and the pipeline has started the year at healthy levels. During the quarter, we signed more than 60 million square feet of leases, a company record, and saw interest diversify across customer profile, size requirements and markets. Looking ahead, we believe market vacancy is topping out and rents will inflect later this year. Turning to our results. Core FFO, excluding net promote income was $1.42 per share and including net promotes was $1.50 per share. Our full-year results ended at the top end of our guidance range, and in the end represent 8.4% growth over 2023, putting us in the 86th percentile of all REITs. Average occupancy was 95.8% for the quarter, 96.3% for the year. Net effective rent change during the quarter was 66% and on a full-year basis was 69%, activity which added over $340 million in annualized NOI. Our net effective lease mark-to-market finished the year at 30% and represents a further $1.4 billion of incremental NOI. And finally, net effective and cash same-store growth during the quarter were 6.6% and 6.7% respectively. In terms of capital recycling, we had another active quarter. Importantly, we contributed $2 billion of assets to our strategic capital ventures, bringing the full-year total to over $3.3 billion. While capital flows in 2024 remain challenging, we did raise over $1.7 billion across the platform, driving the growth in third-party AUM by over 7%. We disposed of over $900 million of assets in the quarter and acquired approximately $450 million. And stepping back, over the full-year, we disposed of over $2.1 billion and reinvested into a similar $2.3 billion of acquisitions at a positive IRR spread of 170 basis points, demonstrating our ability to self-fund and earn a return regardless of the yield environment. Included in our disposition activity for the quarter was the sale of our Elk Grove data center in Chicago. Elk Grove was a logistics asset that we converted to a powered shell before securing a build-to-suit turnkey transaction with a hyperscaler last Fall. We simultaneously identified a buyer and closed in the fourth quarter at very attractive economics. Because the property was owned by USLF for our structuring, procurement, leasing and monetization efforts, Prologis earned a value creation fee of $112 million, which was not included in our prior guidance due to the uncertainty and the timing of the transaction. Elk Grove is a great showcase of our data center development capabilities, which are more comprehensive than most. Today, we have 1.4 gigawatts of secured power and 1.6 gigawatts in advanced stages of procurement. Over the next 10 years, we see 10 gigawatts of development potential across our portfolio. As a platform, we have the team, customer relationships, development and energy expertise, advanced procurement capabilities and the capital required to create significant value for our shareholders. Turning to market conditions. As mentioned, quantitative measures of the market such as vacancy and changes in market rent met our expectations. More importantly, indicators in our pipeline and dialogue with customers have us encouraged that conditions are set for a recovery in net absorption, leading to a bottoming of global rents. It's worth highlighting that our non-U.S. portfolio fared better in rent growth over 2024, particularly in places like Japan, the U.K., Southern Europe, and Latin America, which all grew over the year. Customer engagement is improving and we saw a notable increase in activity amongst our larger global customers who often lead in the recovery of demand as we've seen in past cycles. The improvement in decision-making is reflected in our proprietary metrics where proposals increased earlier in the year, lingered for a period of time and then began converting more meaningfully after the election. That leasing pattern translated to elevated gestation also seen in our metrics. Our '25 forecast for net absorption calls for approximately 20% improvement over 2024, gradually building over the year. We also know that completions will decline significantly, contributing to a supply forecast that is approximately 35% below '24. As such, we expect a decline in vacancy over the year, which will pave the way for rent growth. Longer term, we continue to see the path for uplift from market rents to replacement cost rents, a dynamic that will build upon our already significant lease mark-to-market. Today, we see replacement costs as 50% higher than in-place rents. The capital markets were active with fourth quarter transaction volumes that put the year in total back to pre-COVID levels. Unlevered IRRs have compressed to the mid-7% range, and valuations as reported in our third-party appraisals had the globe marginally up this quarter. Capital raising in our open-end vehicles was more muted in the fourth quarter as investors paused to take in changes in the yield environment, but we remain confident in our expectation for growing capital raises in 2025 as the pipeline is solid and conversations are active. In terms of guidance, which I'll review at our share, we are forecasting average occupancy to range between 94.5% and 95.5%, which contemplates a dip in occupancy over the next one to two quarters, some of which is seasonal before rebuilding closer to 96% by the end of the year. Net effective same-store growth is forecasted to be in a range of 3.5% to 4.5% and cash in the range of 4% to 5%, each driven by still significant rent change. Our G&A forecast is for $440 million to $460 million and our strategic capital revenue forecast calls for $560 million to $580 million. As for deployment, we are forecasting development starts to range between $2.25 billion and $2.75 billion. We will continue to be selective in our starts and clearly have a lot of capacity to grow this number as conditions, rents and returns warrant. As a reminder, data center starts are excluded from this guidance, given their lumpiness. That said, we do expect new projects to begin in 2025, likely in a range of 200 to 400 megawatts. Acquisitions will range between $750 million and $1.25 billion and our combined contribution and disposition activity will range between $2.5 billion and $3.5 billion. Our development portfolio now stands at $4.7 billion with estimated value creation of $1.1 billion, $450 million to $600 million of which we expect to realize this year. Finally, 2025 will be an important year for our energy business where our forecast is to hit our 1-gigawatt goal for solar generation and storage by year-end. In total, we are establishing our initial GAAP earnings guidance in a range of $3.45 to $3.70 per share. Core FFO, including net promote expense will range between $5.65 and $5.81 per share, while core FFO, excluding net promote expense will range between $5.70 and $5.86 per share. In closing, we navigated a challenging year in terms of an operating environment, clearly unwinding from the overbuilding of the COVID era. Our ability to generate over 8% growth in such an environment is a testament to the resiliency and breadth of our company. We're pleased with the increase in activity and improvement in sentiment that we've seen so far in the last two months. And working through great space amid the favorable supply backdrop will further establish the foundation to build occupancy, grow rents, and increase values, unlocking the full earnings potential in our core business. And finally, we're very excited with what the future holds for our data center and energy initiatives. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thankyou. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Can we flesh out the 2025 guidance a little further, please? And maybe you can touch on items like lease spreads, bad debt that you're assuming. And on the occupancy front, the 95%, which is a little bit lower, I'm curious how much of that is same-store versus, let's say development leasing or development projects coming into the pipeline that might not be leased up for some time of period. Thank you.
Tim Arndt: Hey Ki Bin, it's Tim. So on rent spreads, we're going to see them in the 50% range this year, the five handle over the course of this year, still quite elevated from that lease mark-to-market, even with market rent growth a bit slower in the last several quarters. Bad debt, we normally are expecting something on the order of 20 basis points. Our history has been a little bit better than that. Our forecast is allowing for between 20 and 30 in this coming year as we enter the year with a few known tenants that we're watching. But we'll see that normalize hopefully by the end of next year. And then in terms of occupancy, it's -- the two pools are so large, the average occupancy and ending occupancy, that we're expecting broadly for the company are not very different than what we'll see in the same-store pool.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Ki Bin. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Samir Khanal: Good afternoon everyone. Hey Tim, you guys made some positive comments around leasing. But when I look at the space utilization chart, it was a bit surprising that slipped from the last quarter. Maybe reconcile the trends you're seeing there with the term of some of the comments, you're talking positivity around leasing inflection, et cetera. Thanks.
ChrisCaton: Hey Samir, it's Chris Caton. I'm going to take it. Thanks for the question. Good to hear from you. So at the end of the day, we think there's some good news in this data and let me unpack that for you. As you look at the course of that material data over the year, utilization was largely ranged down in the low 84% range and we do think a more typical level is 85% or higher. Now recall, over the course of 2024 and in particular in December, look, consumption growth and holiday sales were unexpectedly healthy, and that pulled goods out of the supply chain. And it led to this dip in utilization that is not really representative of the true trend. Customers instead are telling us that their utilization is rising, and we're starting to hear reports of inventory building taking shape in 2025.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Samir. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Vikram Malhotra: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So just on market rent growth, do you mind, A, just giving us what the actual realized market rent growth was across sort of the U.S. versus other regions, maybe even just coastal, non-coastal? And in the same view, if you can give your updated forecast for '25 or just the 12-month rolling number you gave. Thanks.
Chris Caton: Hey Vikram, Chris Caton. Thank you for the question. So we had rents decline roughly 2% in the quarter. And yes, there was a differential between coastal and non-coastal although it had narrowed in the fourth quarter. As it relates to 2025, Tim described an outlook. Look, most markets are stable but we expect modest further decline from here in a handful of soft submarkets. Later this year, we expect an inflection in positive growth to emerge, excuse me. Now how that comes together for a view on 2025, there are scenarios where rents are flat, down, or up. And look, calling an inflection point within a single 12-month window is difficult and we do not want to offer that sort of sense of false precision.
Dan Letter: This is Dan, let me pile in on that. One thing to keep in mind is it's a point I made on the call last quarter is 90% of our leases actually roll beyond the next 12 months. So to his point on whether rents fluctuate up or down two points throughout the year, it's not going to impact the long-term earnings for this company or the value of the business. And as Tim mentioned in the script, replacement cost rents are actually 15% higher than market rents, and that's 50% higher than in-place rents. And it's the gap between the market rents and replacement cost rents that are really going to be the ultimate driver of rent growth into the future.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Vikram. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey, just going back to the dev starts, obviously picked up this year versus last year. I guess I'm curious if you're thinking about commentary of leasing accelerating, positive absorption. What do you need to see for us to see that number start to ramp back up to the $4 million to $5 million zip code? And do you think you could see it this year?
Dan Letter: Yes. Thanks, Ron. What I would say is our starts last year, we deliberately slowed those starts. We continue a very disciplined approach to our spec program. We also saw a number of very large build-to-suits push into 2025. So what are we looking at right now? We're looking at the market conditions improving so we do expect completions to come way down. They're actually down 70% from the peak -- excuse me, starts are down 70% from the peak as well. So the market itself is heading in the right direction, and we're waiting for that rent to improve, for the returns to improve. One thing to keep in mind is we do have $5 billion under development right now and 30 million square feet. We do have this very large land portfolio with $41.5 billion worth of opportunities, and that's in literally hundreds of sites around the globe. And we've been making infrastructure investments, site work investments so we can really narrow the vertical build time and flip the switch when the time is right.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Ron. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my question. You stated in your prepared remarks, leasing in your portfolio accelerated following the U.S. election, and the pipeline has started the year at healthy levels. Are you able to frame the magnitude of improvement? And from your conversations with tenants, what is driving that improvement? Is it more certainty? Is it more willingness to spend? Is it the deals that were dying on the CFO's desk are now getting put through? Any helpful commentary -- any commentary there would be helpful. Thanks.
Dan Letter: Yes, Michael, I'll start on this and maybe Tim or Chris will pile in. What we saw last quarter was really kind of a tale of two different markets. The first part of the quarter, first five, six weeks, it was very quiet. And we did hear from customers, they're waiting to see what was going to happen with the election. That was coming off five, six quarters of delay in decision-making due to cost of capital or geopolitical concerns. And then post-election, it really was this boom, that we've had really 10 weeks of very solid decision-making and it's unlocking previously stalled deals. So we're seeing resiliency from e-commerce, general goods, electronics, food and beverage. Really, it's pretty broad-based where we're seeing this activity and what we're hearing from these customers. We're also hearing from these customers -- we still have a group of customers saying that they're working through gray space. They're focused on cost containment. But then I'll tell you, 3PLs last quarter broke the record that they had in the third quarter of 25 million square feet of leasing. So 3PLs in the back half of the year leased nearly 50 million feet. So kind of a tale of two markets and some really robust leasing from several customer segments. Chris, go ahead.
ChrisCaton: Yes. Just in terms of the specific quantification, Tim already discussed record lease signings. And in terms of pipeline, the pipeline is up 17% January-to-January, specific response to your question.
TimArndt: Yes. The only thing I would add is that actually the end of the fourth quarter and the beginning of the first quarter are usually slow times. So I think the bump was even more important or different than history.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Michael. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Mailman: Hey, good afternoon guys. Just on the occupancy piece, just a few follow-ups. Tim, maybe you mentioned a couple of tenants that you're monitoring for bad debt and then you also mentioned seasonality. Could you frame up, within that range of 100 basis points at 94.5% to 95.5%, how much of that's sort of seasonality driven versus how much of it is potential bad debt that may not materialize? And then that was helpful on the pipeline update. But I'm just kind of curious here also how you guys are managing the portfolio with an expected market rent inflection potentially by the end of the year. Are you guys prioritizing occupancy over rate at this point to kind of run the portfolio? Or are you holding back at all kind of holding on price? So just kind of curious how much toggle there is in that occupancy guide on kind of what you know versus how you're managing the portfolio.
Tim Arndt: Hey Craig, let me start by unpacking it this way. As we look at our outperformance to market on occupancy historically, and I'm talking maybe 10, 15 years now, we have a history of outperforming the market maybe 100, 150 basis points. And I would just put a side note on that, that over that period of time, that portfolio has been improving greatly and we expect that outperformance will grow. And in fact, in the recent quarters, it has or even years now, we've seen that outperformance level nearly double. If you put the elements of our forecast together with not only for our own portfolio but also what we see in the market, we think we're actually going to see this level of outperformance that we have today, which sits in the high 200 basis points, probably where we end the year. What we do see is that in our own portfolio, just again circumstances to particular leases, that our average will be a little bit lower. So my point here is you can almost ascribe that difference that you observe in average occupancy to those rolling leases that are going to take a little bit of time to backfill, but we do think we'll rebuild that overall outperformance level by the end of the year. And then in terms of managing for rent growth or occupancy, as you can imagine, it's not just a market or submarket conversations even down to the lease level, given our revenue management capabilities. And we have a lot of markets and submarkets at different stages of recovery. So those are really one-off decisions.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. The only thing I would add to that is that credit loss averaging under 20 basis points across the cycle. The highest it got was in the global financial crisis, which was crazy. It was almost 100 basis points. But even in the beginning of COVID when the world was in a panic, it got to 50, 60 basis points and then went right back down. So the credit loss issue is never going to be the big -- I shouldn't say never but it hasn't been a big explanation for that change. And one other thing. We actually track a statistic which is the value pickup on credit loss. And because there's such a big mark-to-market, on anything that we lose to credit loss, we need to lease it within the next 15 months before we are worse off. In other words, if the space remains empty for less than 15 months, given the mark-to-market, we actually make money on that space. Sure, it's a short-term earnings impact but it's actually a long-term value driver.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Craig. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, everyone. Maybe for a while now, it has seemed like the new leasing was a tougher part of the business but that renewals were doing well, so high retention, maybe slightly less price sensitivity. How would you describe that renewal business now? Is there anything changing in the trends that you've noticed and when leases come up for renewal or tenants staying, and if not, why not?
ChrisCaton: Hey Caitlin, it is Chris Caton. Thanks for the question. When we look at our pipeline, we still have many of our customers interested in renewing and that trend continues. But there are more new requirements coming to the market, customers looking to grow. And so we also have seen an expansion in our new leasing pipeline. So both things can happen at once. They are not mutually exclusive.
Hamid Moghadam: Hey Caitlin, customers move because they may need more space or they may need less space, or they may need space in a different location. And oftentimes, that actually occurs within our portfolio. But when you're sort of 95% leased, the options are limited in the portfolio. So sometimes we lose them for that reason. But the preference of most customers in a stable environment is to renew. It's just less costly to do that.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Caitlin. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nicholas Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Nicholas Yulico: Thanks. Just turning back to the guidance. I guess, Tim, I was wondering if there's any way you could quantify a little bit more some of the impact on what feels like is going to be lower development NOI from stabilization this year versus last year. I mean, you do have the stabilizations and guidance at $2.5 billion. Last year was over $4 billion. So I imagine there's some NOI drag there. And then also if there's also a capitalized interest issue to think about? And I guess with the starts also having now picked up and planning for this year, is 2025 sort of at a worse point in terms of that year-over-year delta on how like development might be weighing on FFO growth this year? Thanks.
Tim Arndt: Yes. Thanks, Nick. Look, you've got the right elements, of course. And the way I might even examine this question, if we look at same-store in '24 compared to bottom line earnings and then do the same embedded in our guidance for '25, pardon me, that delta between the top line and the bottom line is apparent. It's due to the factors you described. I would throw in that interest rates as well, even though nominally, when we move from 3.0% to 3.2% interest, doesn't sound like much, but on a percentage basis, that's a driver. The development start volumes being a little bit low to our capacity is starting to be seen as well. What I feel good about is that all the things we're describing here are normalizing, in some cases, below trend in others but are going to reset themselves to a new foundation for growth from here, which we're very confident is going to be back up in the levels that we've seen this company historically provide.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Nick. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
Vince Tibone: Hi, good morning. Can you discuss rent trends at the market level in a little more detail? Specifically, could you provide how much rents increased during 2024 in your better markets and how much they fell in 2024 in your weaker markets?
Chris Caton: Hey, Vince, Chris Caton here. So I think I'd start by saying let's not go market-by-market, detail-by-detail that we're a large global international business, but a couple of touchstones that we've had that I think are worth coming back to. So number one, if it's not clear, it should be that international markets outperformed in the domestic markets. Tim enumerated them on the -- in his script, but whether it's Japan, whether it's Europe broadly, and in particular, some of the geographies there as well as Latin America, that was a clear outperform. And then within the U.S., really talked about this dynamic of Southern California and the rest of the business. In Southern California, we had rents down 25% on a net basis so a meaningful reset in rates there. And so then by contrast, when you look at sort of U.S. ex SoCal, it was only down modestly in the year.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. And the best performing markets would be in single-digits up, and the worst performing markets other than SoCal would be in single-digits down. And just while we're on the subject of SoCal, just there are two issues that I think the market is not focused on. One is this whole discussion about immigration and its impact on labor supply and the impact of that on construction costs; and secondly, the pressure that the rebuilding efforts are going to put on material supplies and labor. I think all of those things are going to drive replacement costs significantly higher. And so that spread that you've heard us talk about, the 50%, I would bet that, that spread is going to widen significantly.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Vince. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Blaine Heck: Great. Thanks. Can you give an update on your overall mark-to-market throughout the portfolio? And secondly, I guess, how should we think about the cadence of same-store NOI throughout 2025? You're coming off a fourth quarter at 6.7% cash same-store NOI. So should we expect it to gradually come down throughout '25 and end the year somewhere below that 4.5% cash midpoint? Or is there more nuance and seasonality in the forecast, given that you mentioned, I think that occupancy would build back up towards the end of the year? Any commentary there would be helpful.
Tim Arndt: Hey, Blaine, it's Tim. For the first part on the lease mark-to-market, I described that it's about 30% at the end of '24. We really don't break that out for you in a very significant geographic detail. You can certainly take it away that it broadly is representing the United States and you know the state of rents in places like SoCal. So I'll leave it to you to unpack from there. In terms of the cadence of same-store growth, I would -- I think rent change is going to be relatively level over the quarters for that part of it, so it's really going to be a function of what's going on in occupancy. And I described that we think in the next coming quarters, we'll see a little bit of give back on occupancy is our expectation. I hope to outperform that, but that's followed by a rebuild. So you would see some lower same-store potentially in the front half and then it would grow in the second half.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Blaine. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tom Catherwood with BTIG. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Catherwood: Thanks and good afternoon, everybody. Tim, if memory serves me, you previously talked about, I think, $7 billion to $8 billion of data center spend over the next five years. I think you mentioned 10 gigawatts of data center opportunities in your prepared remarks, which is likely above the top end of that previous range. Are we thinking of that correctly? And if so, what are your thoughts on data center spend as we look out over the next three to five years for Prologis?
Dan Letter: Hey, Tom, this is Dan. I'll take that one. So yes, that's -- you're thinking about this correctly. You should think about 10 gigawatts over the next 10 years. We've built internal capabilities over the last one year, 1.5 years, and we've been just getting deeper on our pipeline and have a lot more confidence in the numbers that you've heard. Like we said, we've got 1.4 gigawatts secured power. We've got 1.6 gigawatts in the advanced stages of procurement. We've got another 1.5 gigawatts of applications that are right behind that. But all in, it's 10 gigawatts over the next 10 years. And that doesn't even touch upon the universe of opportunities. This is coming from a portfolio of 6,000 buildings and 15,000 acres of land that we own or control. So the universe of opportunities is much greater than that. Tim?
Tim Arndt: Yes, I'll just come back to maybe what was also underneath your question there on the sheer amount of spend. And you see this quarter, Elk Grove, as I mentioned, a great example of the playbook that we have at the moment is to recycle and monetize back out of these assets. That may take a different form over time, but the point is we will free up capital. We have an internal risk budget set up for this business that is sufficient for the team to execute.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. One other thing, it's always not easy to translate megawatts into dollars. For example, Elk Grove started out being a powered shell and ended up being a turnkey. So that will maybe increase the capital spend by a factor or two. So we're more comfortable projecting megawatts than dollars, but regardless, we can handle it.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Tom. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nick Thillman with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Thillman: Hey, good afternoon. Maybe digging in a little bit more into the development starts and kind of maybe geographic mix and build-to-suit sort of mix of the two. I know you guys have tilted a little bit more ex U.S. on the development starts here in '24, but as '25, are you expecting to start more in the U.S. or what's the mix shake-out there? And then you noticed the pickup in the build-to-suit side. So is that still going to be a strong proponent of that start this year?
Dan Letter: Yes. Nick, this is Dan. Last year was a slow year for development starts in the U.S. I do see that picking up. Hard for us to give you a mix at this point, because as I said in some remarks earlier, we have so many opportunities, literally hundreds of opportunities. And most of this land is ready to go. So we're going to pay attention on a deal-by-deal basis, market-by-market and make decisions that way. We do see build-to-suits improving year-over-year as well. Our long-term average on build-to-suits is about 40% of the overall development starts. Hoping to hit that number. We definitely had some big build-to-suits that moved from '24 to '25 so we're hopeful that those make it.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Nick. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi. What was the solar FFO contribution in '24? And what are you assuming for '25, given the growth that you're seeing in that business?
Tim Arndt: Hey, Mike, in '25, across the Essentials businesses, I'll provide that in a little detail. We see probably $0.10 to $0.14 of overall FFO contribution from the three businesses, solar. It's pretty limited in mobility right now, to be honest. It's predominantly coming from solar and the operating essentials business. Across 2024, that number was $0.07 to $0.08.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Mike. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Spector: Great. Thank you. I know Hamid touched a bit on some of the executive orders or discussions from yesterday's transition. I wanted to just follow-up on the latest discussion around tariffs, and if there's anything else to add to some of the executive orders that were executed yesterday? Thank you.
Chris Caton: Hey, Jeff, Chris Caton here. So look, on tariffs, we follow the news just like you do, and it's really too early to speculate to how these policies will land and be implemented and the customer response. Couple of considerations. Number one is, look, our business revolves around consumption. 90% or more of the customer base is really serving consumers so that's really the critical area to track. Now as it relates to trade, we do think the historical precedent is instructive, and we stand by the views that we shared on our last call as well as the white paper we published in November. A couple of highlights there. Over the last eight years, trade has grown 30% on an inflation-adjusted basis, and supply chains adapted to changes in trade policy. So trade with China is effectively flat over those eight years, whereas Asia ex China is up nearly 75%. Mexico is up 40%. At the same time, over the same time period, U.S. domestic production rose only 3%. And really, the U.S. just doesn't have the labor to produce more goods here and so tariffs are inflationary. So trade policy earlier was crafted to accomplish industrial goals, while minimizing the risk to consumers, and the administration will be guided by having a strong economy and tariffs are counter to that.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. I would add just one comment. I think that Mexico and let's drag Canada into that because it's usually used in the same sentence, it's primarily an immigration discussion. Because at the end of the day, the combination of deporting people and wanting to put tariffs on, I don't know where the labor is going to come from, it's either going to come from China Plus One or it's going to come from Mexico. And my bet is that it's going to come from Mexico but under new immigration controls and policies. I think with respect to China, container doesn't care whether it's coming from Vietnam or China. It's going to be pretty much the same dynamic. And it's driven by geopolitics. It's not really driven by economics. At the end of the day, I think the new administration and the old administration were smart enough to understand that tariffs are highly inflationary. Forget about the narrative. But at the end of the day, given the limitations on labor, tariffs are going to be extremely inflationary. We're going to have them, for sure, we're going to have more of them. But I think they're going to be more moderated once the other political objectives are achieved.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Jeff. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brendan Lynch with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Brendan Lynch: Great. Thank you for taking my question. That was very helpful color on the tariffs and how we should think about them. Maybe you could just relay what the discussions you're having with tenants are about how they're viewing tenants or -- excuse me, how they're viewing tariffs. Are they pulling inventory into the U.S. faster than they would otherwise or taking more of a wait-and-see approach?
Hamid Moghadam: I think some of the de minimis people have pulled more trade into the U.S. in anticipation of some of this. But that is only shifting volumes maybe a quarter or two. It's not going to be able to affect the long term. So there's going to be some noise in the numbers that you'll see in the fourth quarter and the first quarter of next year. But I think that the fundamentals are going to take over starting in the second quarter.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Brendan. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Carroll: Yes, thanks. I wanted to touch on the promote income recognized during this quarter. Is there something different with the data center sale that allowed PLD to earn this promote? And correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought the USLF didn't have a promote opportunity until the second quarter of 2026. So I guess, did this pull this forward?
Tim Arndt: Hey, Mike, well, all of our funds beyond the three year recurring promote events or sometimes incentive fees can be earned at the end of the life of a closed-end funds. Our vehicles typically provide for promote opportunity upon completion of some kind of successful development. Now in funds like USLF or PELP, which are typically operating vehicles, you don't see very much of that. But here, we had a large development, redevelopment opportunity in Elk Grove that we frankly, I have to think of it this way, Prologis is building a business here. We're bearing all of the G&A and cost of this data center business that our funds are going to enjoy the benefits of. So we are structuring and have structured ways to get compensated for those activities, and that's what's reflected in this quarter.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. It's not just development. Remember, one of the big advantages that we have in this business over other people is that we can actually procure stuff ahead of time. And that oftentimes puts us in a position to be able to convert on leasing opportunities, because the time line for delivery becomes compressed. And obviously, to the extent we do that with our balance sheet, there's some value creation that comes out of that as well. So and we can do that because we have multiple data center opportunities. And as long as you're smart about procuring the right stuff that's fairly fungible, you can move it around. And all of that is done very transparently and working with the independent advisory councils of these funds. So yes, we have other opportunities to earn fees based on value we contribute.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Mike. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John Kim: Thank you. On data centers, given the amount of capital and capacity that you've highlighted today, any updated thoughts on establishing a data center fund or some kind of structure with recurring income? And then specific to this year, it looks like you have $100 million of data center developments that are your partners' share in your current pipeline. Should we assume some margin on this will be recognized this year as a promote income?
Hamid Moghadam: Let me take the first part of that question and I'll let Tim take the second part. We have not yet made the decision as to what we're going to do with the capitalization of our data center business long term. Let me tell you what the current thinking is. The current thinking is that we are a developer, and that we'll monetize and sell these assets upon completion. And we use the capital that they generate as a way of expanding our core logistics business. That's the strategy today. We may expand that strategy to include a fund management approach, either a dedicated fund or possibly expanding the investment mandate of some of the existing open-end funds, obviously after talking to our investors about that, as a way of including some data centers within limits within those funds. That decision hasn't been made because right now, we're thinking about it as a funding mechanism for our core logistics development business. But we may change course that. One thing we will not do is hold 100% interest in data centers on our balance sheet because the capital requirements of that are going to be -- even for us, are going to be pretty significant.
Tim Arndt: And John, it's Tim. Maybe I'll grab you off-line to see what you're looking at to believe some of the current activity is within funds. But it is not, it's on our balance sheet.
Justin Meng: Thank you, John. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Todd Thomas: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to, first, follow-up on the comments about the post-election leasing that you've experienced. And thinking about the 2025 guidance, does the guidance and occupancy assumption assume that leasing interest or demand in '25 remains consistent with what you've seen in the last 10 weeks or so? And then also, not sure if I missed this, but can you provide what '24 net absorption was and what your expectation is for '25 and how that -- you expect that to trend throughout the year? Thanks.
Hamid Moghadam: We actually prepare the business plan for this following year usually in the October, November time frame. So I would say the period was right bridging around the election. It was too early to see some of the activity that we've seen. I would say compared to where our head was at the time, we are more encouraged. But let's leave it at that and let's see whether this recovery has significant legs or not. But yes, we've put our plan together right before the election and have left it there.
Tim Arndt: And as it relates to net absorption, we saw net absorption of 39 million square feet in the fourth quarter. That amounted to just shy of 150 million square feet in the year, and we are looking for 185 million, 190 million square feet of net absorption in 2025. And that is expected to build over the course of the year.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Todd. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks for taking the follow-up. Just two quick ones. So you gave the GAAP NOI components. I'm just wondering if the cash NOI growth, I think you have like 3.5%, 4% bumps. Assuming the cash spread is probably in the 30s, but do you mind just bridging GAAP and cash NOI, number one? And then just number two on the net absorption view. I think Chris mentioned it will build through the year. But in the past, you sort of highlighted the rate environment is sort of crucial to that view. I'm wondering now what the offset is, given the view of rates might be stable. Maybe there's even a rate hike? Thanks.
Tim Arndt: Hey, Vikram, that's for the cash same-store. As is always the case, the most kind of volatile difference that we can see between GAAP and cash ending the year is going to be what's going on in free rent. And we are seeing free rent levels grow back to, I'll say, normal amounts of the lease value. So that's our expectation for the year and reflected in our guidance.
Chris Caton: Yes. And as it relates to net absorption, Vikram, Dan touched on the transition in customer engagement and thinking earlier in the call. And so as we look at 2025, that work, in our view, is really customers have been deferring decision-making. Now they see that the new administration is they have -- there's a decline in uncertainty, and that has translated to better decision-making and is part of the lift in net absorption that we expect over the course of 2025.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Vikram. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
Vince Tibone: Thanks for taking my second question. How does the higher treasury rate impact your view of where unlevered IRRs and stabilized cap rates could head in the future? And ultimately, like how do you determine what is the appropriate yield for a new U.S. speculative development start?
Dan Letter: Yes, Vince, I'll take that one. So first of all, there has been volatility in the 10-year for some time. And if you look at last year, the 10-year was bouncing 100 basis points up and down throughout the year, and we saw volumes actually grow back to pre-COVID levels. So deals are happening. I think there's this notion out there that there's this 1:1 correlation between 10-year and value, which is just -- it's not the case when you look at the total return. There's many more considerations to take into investment decisions, replacement cost, the lease mark-to-market and what have you. So what does that mean for values for the year? I mean, we saw three of the last four quarters values uptick in our open-ended funds. We've not seen deals die, whether -- we had a big disposition year last year. We did not see any deals re-trade because of it. And we're seeing deeper buyer pools right now. Logistics is still a very attractive investable category for investors out there. And so we feel strongly that we'll see a pretty strong year on the transaction market, maybe a slow start to the year. As it relates to appropriate yield for spec, like I've said so many times in this call, we have just such a large universe of opportunities. We're always going to be looking for that spread, that 125 to 150 basis point spread from a market cap rate to our yield.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, let me add a little color to that. Look, and you can go back to calls a couple of years back when money used to be free. We always talked about the market not having price real estate with 0% or 1% treasury costs. Historically, the treasuries have been trading at about 200 basis points over the implied inflation rate. That's been kind of -- other than when the Fed has been doing weird stuff, that's been the norm. So given that inflation expectations were then 2% and now they're more like 3%, heading back down to 2%, let's call it 2% to 3%, that means treasuries are going to be 4% to 5%. I mean, that is where they should be and that's where they will be, okay? 4% or 5% treasuries. That means 7% to 8% IRRs unlevered gives you anywhere between 300 and 500 basis points of real inflation-adjusted return. That's appropriate for real estate, which is somewhere between stocks and bonds. So those are the relationships. I think the market just got used to free money for too long. And -- but the real estate market never priced assets as if that money was going to be free forever. Some of the leverage buyers may have had a different math on this. But in terms of institutional capital and what return it takes to attractive to real estate, those are the numbers. On the issue of margins, what's interesting is that Dan is correct. We look for about 125, 150 basis point premium over exit cap rates. We used to want that also when cap rates were 8% or 9%. It's just that with cap rates at 5% or 6%, 125 basis points is a lot bigger margin. So ironically, margins actually have increased even in this area in this period where there's been some weakness in the past year. Still our margins are way above our expectations and the way we underwrite properties. So I can't really explain that one, but the margins have been very healthy. And I think it's because it's so difficult to bring on land in some of these supply-constrained markets.
Justin Meng: Operator, final question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Blaine Heck: Great. Thanks for taking the follow-up. Hamid, just taking a step back, I wanted to see if you could talk about your relative level of visibility into the operating environment, as you all were kind of formulating your outlook and commentary for this call. It just seems like there are a lot more moving pieces, with Trump taking office, the wildfires in L.A., tenants who have been taking longer to make decisions, the prospect of tariffs, deportation, amongst other things. So I guess how did you take all of those variables into account? And do you think there's maybe a higher level of conservatism built in because of all that?
Hamid Moghadam: Look, let's be very frank about this. This company has never reduced guidance in the last 12 years. Last year, we reduced guidance as we saw the softness going in. Can I look you in the eyes and tell you there is not a degree of confidence -- conservatism built into our projections when you work through everybody in the system that's involved, all the way from the person who is leasing the space in the market all the way up to Tim? I can't look you in the eyes and tell you that. So there is a bit an ask even internally within the company, to be quite frank with you. My view is that the market is going to surprise people in the back half of the year. That's my view. I've been wrong before, but that's my view. I would say the rest of the team -- I shouldn't say the rest of the team. I would say the real estate people are generally there and some of our financial people are a bit more conservative. And there is no point to answer. There is a wide range of views on this. So you're smart. You figure it out.
Dan Letter: Thanks. So that was the last question, and thank you all for joining the call today. As we wrap up, we have a few thoughts we'd like to leave you with. First, we're very optimistic about the recent activity and the improving customer sentiment, and we have expectations of stronger momentum throughout the course of the year. Second, we're making great progress in our data center business. We have a growing pipeline, a very skilled team. All of this is highlighted by this Elk Grove Village transaction. And then lastly, we're very confident in the long-term earnings power of this company. Looking forward to connecting at the upcoming conferences here or during the next quarter's call. Thanks for joining.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-16 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Prologis Q3 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce you to your host, Justin Meng, SVP, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you. Justin, you may begin.
Justin Meng: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or other SEC filings. Additionally, our third quarter earnings press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP, and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. I'd like to welcome Tim Arndt, our CFO, who will cover results, real-time market conditions and guidance. Hamid Moghadam, our CEO; Dan Letter, President; and Chris Caton, Managing Director, are also with us today. With that, I'll hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Arndt: Thank you, Justin, and welcome to everybody joining our call. Before diving in, I'd like to share our concern for those affected by the recent hurricanes in the U.S. and Europe that impacted our employees, customers and communities. Thankfully, our teams are safe and their proactive customer outreach and assistance has been outstanding. Our property sustained limited damage for such strong storms. Overall, we are pleased with our operating and financial results as the third quarter played out to our expectations. While occupancy and rent softened against the backdrop of positive yet subdued demand, we continue to deliver impressive net effective rent change due to the still powerful lease mark-to-market embedded in our portfolio, which bridges us through this soft patch to the next cycle of rent growth. Turning to the quarter, core FFO, excluding net promote expense, was $1.45 per share and included in net promotes was $1.43 per share. These results were slightly ahead of our forecast and the quarter included approximately $0.03 of income from the Prologis Ventures' exit. Period-ending occupancy was 96.2% [at our share] (ph), nearly 300 basis points above the market as the flight to quality continues. Net effective rent change was 68% and cash rent change was 44%. We captured over $90 million of NOI by rolling leases up to market. The portfolio produced net effective and cash same store growth of 6.2% and 7.2%, respectively. Revenues were impacted by approximately 35 basis points of bad debt, which is elevated from our normal 15 to 20 basis points. While bankruptcy filings are on the rise broadly, the good news is that the space we've taken back as a result has had embedded rental upside of over 60%. Our overall portfolio lease mark-to-market finished the quarter at 34%, representing $1.6 billion of potential NOI. Finally, on the balance sheet, we raised $4.6 billion of new debt across Prologis and our funds at a weighted average rate of 4.6% and the maturity of approximately nine years. In terms of deployment, we had a very active quarter. We started over $0.5 billion in development projects, including incremental capital to an existing data center development now pre-leased to a hyperscale customer with a turnkey buildout. We expanded our land bank, driving our potential development opportunity over $40 billion, which now includes our first two projects in India that support over 5 million square feet of new development. We deployed over $1.4 billion in third-party acquisitions. Year-to-date, we have acquired over 14 million square feet of strategic assets at an estimated 20% discount to replacement cost. We started development on 54 megawatts of new energy systems. Our momentum here is building, and we continue to have and we expect to have generation capacity well over 600 megawatts at the end of this year, with good line of sight to our 1 gigawatt goal by the end of 2025. As mentioned, Prologis Ventures had a successful exit of an early round investment in the Japanese workforce solution, [indiscernible]. This produced a 9-times multiple on our investment, realizing a 65% IRR. Beyond the economics, our strategy and supply chain venture investing has delivered valuable insights for Prologis and our customers. Finally, FIBRA Prologis, our strategic capital vehicle in Mexico, successfully closed a tender for the shares of Terrafina, of which it now owns nearly 80%, enhancing its leadership position in one of our best-performing and highest-growth global markets. Turning to the operating environment, conditions remain soft in many of our markets, and as we've described over the last few quarters, this is despite healthy GDP and consumption growth. We ascribe the weaker relationship between economic output and industrial absorption to the availability built into the supply chain through COVID, originally earmarked for resiliency, but now available to operators as a source for cost containment. But ultimately, the ability to rely on this [excess] (ph) is diminishing as utilization reaches a level that will force decision making and expansion, the pace of which will vary by market. Many customers are making progress in reducing this capacity through growth, while others are gaining efficiencies through consolidation. In the end, it's all serving to hold net absorption below pre-COVID levels, impacting rents. Globally, we estimate that market rents decreased approximately 3% this quarter and roughly half this amount when excluding Southern California. As we noted before, Southern California will take the longest to reach equilibrium. While activity has improved, the remaining amounts of excess capacity will simply take time to work through. That said, it's important to keep this context, our SoCal portfolio generated 84% rent change on commencements this quarter even as it led the globe in market rent decline, a great example of the interplay between the spot reduction in rents against our lease mark-to-market. This has us well positioned to navigate the cyclical downturn and taking it a step further, we see the structural investment case for SoCal as strengthening with new supply barriers that come into effect from recently enacted legislation and continued focus on carbon emissions. As always, the rent picture is mixed and there remain many markets that are either flat on rents or positive, such as Houston, Atlanta, Nashville, Northern Europe, and of course, LatAm remains very strong. Overall, bottoming process is underway, and we expect demand to remain soft in the near term. Looking ahead, market vacancy is at or near its peak and will hover there as utilization improves, and global rents will bottom sometime mid next year. It stands to reason then that the near-term growth will be affected by the path market rents and occupancy have already taken. We remain very positive on the outlook for our business, as vacancies are still low in the context of history, starts are down significantly, and supply deliveries are falling below their pre-COVID levels. Additionally, with replacement cost rents approximately 15% above today's market, even with land values marked down by a third from their peak, the long-term growth trajectory remains highly favorable. Moving on to capital markets, we've seen improved pricing and activity in the transaction market and values continue to grow. U.S. and European values, again, increased approximately 1% in the quarter, and Mexico saw an impressive 2.2%. With the bottom seemingly in, our strategic capital business had its most productive quarter in the last two years, raising a net $460 million. Overall, it appears private market sentiment is stronger than the public markets. During the quarter, transaction volumes increased and unlevered IRRs compressed another 25 basis points. In terms of guidance, which I'll review [at our share] (ph), we are tightening our forecast for average occupancy to a range of 96% to 96.5%, and also tightening our forecast for cash same store growth to a range of 6.5% to 7%. Our net effective same store growth is for a range of 5.5% to 6%, which has been tightened and reduced modestly at the midpoint for the increased non-cash write-offs we expect from higher bankruptcies in the balance of the year. We are tightening and slightly reducing our G&A guidance to a range of $415 million to $425 million, and tightening our range for strategic capital revenue to $525 million to $535 million. We are reducing our overall development starts guidance to a range of $1.75 billion to $2.25 billion, which reflects both slow decision-making in build-to-suits and discipline on our part in deferring new spec development amid stubborn demand. Of course, we are in the best position to react quickly as conditions warrant with approximately $8 billion of pad-ready development opportunities. We see attractive acquisition opportunities in the market and are increasing our guidance here, taking our range up to $1.75 billion to $2.25 billion. And finally, the forecast for our contribution and disposition activity is increasing to a new range of $3 billion to $4 billion, reflecting the improving transaction market and stronger fundraising and strategic capital. The positive spread between our buying and selling IRRs year-to-date has been approximately 100 basis points. Putting it all together, we are increasing our GAAP earnings to a range of $3.35 to $3.45 per share, core FFO, including net promote expense, will range between $5.42 and $5.46 per share, while core FFO, excluding net promote expense, will range between $5.49 and $5.53 per share, a $0.01 increase from our prior guidance. Core FFO, obviously, excludes our development gain guidance, but it's noteworthy to highlight our increase to a new range of $375 million to $425 million. In closing, we had a very productive quarter in which we delivered strong operating results, high occupancy, high rent change and meaningful same store growth in a challenging market environment. Alongside that performance, it's clear that we are focused on the future as evidenced in our very active deployment, spanning our global reach and product offerings. The company is well-positioned to capitalize on the structural demand for logistics real estate and our focus on operational excellence, customer centricity and value creation will continue to drive strong performance across all market cycles. Consistent with this drive for excellence, I'd be remiss to not highlight our annual GROUNDBREAKERS forum, which we just held in London. It featured some of the most innovative companies of our day, and we heard from the likes of the legendary Fred Smith of FedEx and Sir Tony Blair amongst many others. GROUNDBREAKERS deepens our customer relationships and builds upon our thought leadership across the supply chain and its emerging foundation for clean energy and digital infrastructure. It's great to see so many of you there, and a replay of the event is available on our website. With that, I'll hand the call back to the operator for your questions. Unfortunately, Hamid is feeling under the weather today, and while he's on the call, he may be limited in his responses. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, sir. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Tom Catherwood with BTIG. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Catherwood: Thank you, and good morning, everybody. So, Tim, you noted mixed signals in the industrial markets, vacancies are up, obviously, customers are taking longer to make decisions. And on the macro side, obviously, we see if the consumer continues to be stretched. But you also noted there was strong leasing activity in Q3. You've raised acquisition guidance now for the second straight quarter. So, kind of how do we square these two kind of seemingly divergent topics together? And what do you think it takes for customers -- what kind of catalyst you think it takes for customers to move from hesitant when it comes taking space to more active as we move into '25?
Tim Arndt: Thanks, Tom. Thanks for the question. Look, if I just start with the acquisitions guidance, I would probably read that as our confidence in the long term for starters. We're very engaged in the business. We are very much looking at markets that we see to build additional scale and deepen our presence and our teams are scouring the market in that regard looking for opportunities. One thing implicit in my remarks that I'd like you to really hear is, we're not really a buyer at market IRRs. We are typically looking for unusual constructs, upmarket deals, deals that we source where we're looking for a premium to prevailing IRRs such as those we see in our appraisals. So, take that as you're looking at our activity in the acquisitions market. In the near term, we just recognized that utilization has really been the culprit of keeping a lid on demand. And the message we're trying to send here is that, that has an end to it. Ultimately, customers will work through what's available to them, and it's going to be sort of a spillover out of utilization into growth in occupancy.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Tom. Operator, next question?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Vikram Malhotra: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. I guess just, Tim, maybe another one to perhaps square. You talked about the bottoming process on the call and the press release. I guess, bottoming, not bottom. But do you mind sort of scurrying that with two things? One, just your updated view on market rent growth over the next 12 months? And two, just reducing development starts, I thought the plan originally was to keep starts high, so that when the market inflects in '25, you'd sort of have the product ready. Can you just square the bottoming in those two things? Thanks so much.
Dan Letter: Yeah. Thanks, Vikram. Let me start with your first question, which was squaring the rent growth in the near term here. And let me highlight that we are near or in an inflection period right now. This is a time when forecast have very high variability. So, the quick answer to the near-term view on rents is pretty much in line with where we were 90 days ago. Customers are very engaged, but they are just not making decisions. So, we expect this softness in rents to continue throughout this period. But the way we actually think about this is for the long term. 90% of our leases roll after the next 12 months. So, even if rents fluctuate minus 3%, plus 3%, it doesn't really matter. It won't have significant impact on our long-term earnings nor the value of the business. And the real driver for rent growth is replacement cost rents, which Tim said in his script, replacement cost rents are 15% higher than today's market rents. So, the gap between the market rents and the replacement cost rents will ultimately lead to this rent growth. And so, if you think about us being at a peak vacancy or close to peak vacancy, which we expect to endure for a certain segment -- portion maybe throughout 2025 with a recovery in that vacancy emerging late next year and then accelerating thereafter. So, we know the trend and we'll capture that rent growth in the longer term. We just don't necessarily know the slope of that recovery and it's really hard to peg that. And honestly, when it comes down to it, guessing on the short term has never been one of our strong suits. We're running Prologis for the long term. And the second part of your question had to do with our development starts. Development starts, so we push those off. Tim talked about discipline in the script here. Build-to-suits, while the pipeline remains pretty strong, it's just flat. Feel like for the last four quarters, we've been talking about customers kicking the can down the road. That's continuing and those build-to-suits are just moving into next year. And then, from a spec perspective, we are going to maintain that discipline that we've always maintained. We don't want to be building into the market fundamentals in many of these markets today, but that's not categorical. So, for example, this quarter, we actually started two buildings in Atlanta. Atlanta's headline vacancy is 9%. But then, we look at the infill site that we have with no competition, we're only 150 basis points vacant. We don't have any spec risk. So, we decided to move forward to that. So, we move forward with that building or those two buildings, so we could be building into those [dirt] (ph) of completions a year out, like we've been talking about doing. So, it is happening here and there. We just see that accelerating more in the coming quarters. And then, let me finish with the fact that we have a very large development book right now, $5.5 billion underway on Prologis share, and that's 33 million square feet of development underway. And then, we also have $40 billion worth of opportunities right now in our land bank. And so -- and actually 30% of that land is entitled ready-to-go and then two-thirds of that is actually pad-ready, which means we really truncated the timeframes to go vertical with those sites. So, we're going to be able to execute the strategy just like we talked about over the last several quarters, we're just -- you're going to see that happen a little bit later.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Vikram. Operator, next question?
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John Kim: Thank you, and good morning. So, it looks like you had a $0.06 beat on a core FFO this quarter. I think, Tim, you mentioned part of that was the Prologis Ventures exit that you had. And also, on our numbers, you had better-than-expected currency gains and income taxes. I wanted to make sure that was the case. But also, why only raise full-year guidance by $0.01, given the beat you had during this quarter?
Tim Arndt: Hey, John, thanks for the question. I would say, you see it as a beat, we don't see it as a beat. These were events that we were forecasting for the year and for the quarter. And I would also highlight that the FX gains I think you're seeing in the P&L might be better offline, but there's complication between unrealized and [on realized] (ph). You're probably seeing a lot of unrealized there and you have to flow through to the FFO statement to understand what's actually realized. Suffice it to say, very probably say you're never going to hear FX as variance item in our FFO as we hedge all of our FFO earnings as I think you know. There was an item in tax where we had some sale of investment tax credits in the quarter. We'll have fewer of those in the following quarter. But, once again, that together with the ventures gain were all previously contemplated in our guidance.
Justin Meng: Thank you, John. Operator, next question?
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Yeah, thanks. Good morning. I guess, on Page 12, you guys break out your ending occupancy by unit size. And I noticed, sequentially, there was a much bigger drop on the spaces that were kind of below [250] (ph). So, I'm just wondering if you can sort of speak to the strength of the bigger boxes, maybe the softness in the weaker. And then, just on the Southern California, I noticed that your lease percentage in SoCal went up about 120 basis points sequentially. So, any comments just around Southern California demand either by product type or LA versus Inland Empire would be helpful. Thanks.
Chris Caton: Hey, Steve, it's Chris Caton. Thank you for the question. I'll start with Southern California and then I think a couple of us will jump in on different trends by size category. So -- and I think I'll answer your short-term question, but it's worthwhile to step back and look at the broader trends in Southern California and take a medium-term view. We think Southern California has a really bright outlook. Couple of legs to that stool. The first is, look, Southern California is a major consumption center. It's a $2 trillion economy, it's got 23 million people, and the region is growing. Employment is up in the last year, and jobs are up 3% since 2019. Second leg of the stool, Southern California is growing as a gateway for international goods. Container imports into the ports of LA and Long Beach are up 12% since 2019. Now, global manufacturing patterns are shifting, as I think you're aware, but they remain positive for Southern California. Asian imports in the United States are up 21% since 2019 on an inflation adjusted basis. Now, yes, I think you're aware China should be down and it is, but only 6% since 2019. And so, this is a testament to the China Plus One strategy that we and others have been talking about. There is significant growth in all other Asia. It's up 40% since 2019. Third leg of the stool on the outlook for Southern California, barriers to supply, they are high and rising. Southern California has had scarce land availability, onerous municipal requirements, and now there are state restrictions with the adoption of State Bill AB 98. These together restrict future new development. Now, Steve, as you're asking, I think it's important to recognize headwinds remain for Southern California, as Tim alluded to in his script. Customers are still working through spare capacity, having taken more than they needed when vacancies were zero, but these long-term trends will be more important over time. As it relates to the very short-term cyclical contours, as you're asking about, a couple of things have emerged in the last 90 days. One is demand remains soft in LA and there is a clear sort of upgrade cycle emerging there, where Class A is outperforming Class B. Generally demand is better in the Inland Empire, given the growth of the ports that I described earlier. And Orange County has a low market vacancy with -- and that position is better to recover earlier. Now, you asked after the first size -- the first question as it relates to size, I'm going to turn that over to Dan.
Dan Letter: Yeah, just quickly on the sizes, certainly, we've had some impacts on the smaller size spaces in China that you see there, but when I look at this number quarter-over-quarter, the smaller size space is typically underperforming on an occupancy basis to the other three buckets. As a matter of fact, quarter-over-quarter, three of the four buckets were down slightly. So, nothing really specific as it relates to historical trends.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Steve. Operator, next question?
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. You talked a little bit about how the customer has remained engaged, but then, also, there remains a lot of sources of uncertainty and presumably that's related to the macro and interest rates and the election. So, I guess, the question is, within the context of maybe past cycles or other periods of uncertainty, how quickly, given that demand get pick up as that uncertainty has been released? So, said another way, like, when some of these factors stop weighing on the customer, does that translate to an almost immediate translation to demand or does it take a couple of quarters to ramp up from there? Thanks.
Chris Caton: Hi, Michael. Yeah, I heard your question as how quickly can demand recover as uncertainty ebbs. So, a couple of thoughts on that. First, I think we should have a measured outlook on demand. Customers are engaged, but taking their time in terms of making decisions. And we really are focused on spare capacity in the supply chain getting used up, as Tim described earlier, and we're seeing that happening. So, utilization, early this year, at the beginning of this year, was below 84%, and it's mid-80%s -- 84%s now. So, it is indeed building, which will be a catalyst for our customers to take space. And indeed, there are these tailwinds of economic growth, of trade growth, of consumption growth, and the acceleration of e-commerce continues. So, I think it we should, just over the near term, have a measured level of optimism here. We just need to watch the market advance.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Michael. Operator, next question?
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Mailman: Hey, good afternoon. Maybe just circling back to capital deployment here on the development and acquisition front. I guess, on the development side, very helpful where you think replacement cost rents are relative to new starts. But from a land basis perspective, could you give us a sense of kind of what's in that ready-to-go bucket that actually kind of works from a basis perspective given where rents are today? I guess, that's one part of the question. And then the other part, just on acquisitions, you guys are talking seems like more bullish. You raised guidance here. Just curious kind of globally where you think the best uses of that or best targets are today? And how do you fund that, given, on a stabilized basis, your equity is probably up around 6% at least on my numbers? Are these more debt financed? Are these through the fund business? Can you just give us a sense of where and how you kind of want to put that capital out and whether you're interested in more bigger private portfolios or the historic bigger platform deals you guys have done in the past?
Tim Arndt: Hey, Craig, it's Tim. Let me congratulate you on getting three questions in there at once. Let me just start on the funding and the balance sheet and pass it back to Dan on the capital deployment pieces. I would still view us as having a lot of capacity in our own balance sheet, which has been incredible, I'll say. We've raised a lot of debt proceeds over the last few years, while our normal capital recycling has been a little bit slow. But if you look at our supplemental, look at our credit ratios over the last few years, including this morning, they're very healthy and consistent and even quite strong for our rating. So, we've been able to tap into that. And the reason that's been occurring is that, EBITDA growth, as what really guides that capacity, remains very strong alongside the earnings growth. Alongside that, I would also say that, as mentioned in my remarks, strategic capital fundraising is improving, not just what we raised in the quarter, but I feel like the body language and call notes that we're getting suggest that it will continue to be strong. So, I think a resumption of more normalized levels of capital recycling via contributions is very close and that has been, as you know, our principal source of funding in any event.
Dan Letter: Yeah. Then, Craig, on the deployment front, we own land in about 50 -- over 50 markets globally. The average vintage year is about 4.5 years old, 5 years old. And the mark on that book is about 120% of book. So, we have plenty of opportunities that pencil today. And then, keep in mind, a lot of that land, the other 60% or so is in its way through entitlement where we create a lot of lift ourselves as well over time. So, we don't have a shortage of opportunities. And keep in mind, as we underwrite these deals, we put them in at market value. So, we just have such a wide dispersion of where this land bank exists. And then, we also have a land bank that consists of covered land plays and options that you actually don't see in that land bank. So, again, not a shortage of opportunities. And it's tough to point to any place globally where we want to allocate more than others. It's not the way we've ever operated. We're at scale in virtually every market in which we operate. So, it really comes down to looking at every deal on a deal-by-deal basis and doing the highest quality deals.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Craig. Operator, next question?
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning, everyone. The earnings release commentary mentioned how Prologis is a partner of choice to meet supply chain, digital and energy infrastructure needs. So, could you give an update on the digital and energy side? I know it's a pretty open-ended question, but with those business lines newer, what has been the focus year-to-date for them? Kind of what are the next near-term steps? And also, can you clarify what portion of the starts -- development starts in the quarter might have been data centers? Thanks.
Tim Arndt: Hey, Caitlin, I'll just pick up the energy piece and maybe pass it to Dan for data centers. As we mentioned, we have a good run rate of new energy starts in the quarter, we're talking about the solar business, both generation and storage, over 50 megawatts in the quarter, which puts us at a really good pace run rate that has been accelerating in our solar program, which two years ago was broadly focused really just in the United States, has now expanded around the globe and is active in Europe, LatAm and Asia. So, we feel, as I mentioned, really good about the escalating pace of that activity and where it's ultimately going to get us over 2025 marching towards that 1 gigawatt goal.
Dan Letter: Yeah, then, on the data center front, overall 2024 has been, call it, a bit of a plan -- exceeding the plan. We have focused on two things, building our pipeline and building the internal capabilities. Both are going extremely well. We have 1.6 gigawatts of secured power of which 490 megawatts is currently under construction. We have an additional 1.4 gigawatts in advanced stages where we have high visibility to that procurement. And then, another over 1.5 gigawatts of applications submitted in dozens of different locations around the world. So, very pleased with the pipeline we're building and the team we're establishing there. You asked about the third quarter start that you see there, that is a powered shell building that we started a couple of years ago with a few different customers we're working with that ended up turning into a turnkey deal. So, what you see there is a conversion from a powered shell to a turnkey.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Caitlin. Operator, next question?
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
Vince Tibone: Hi, good morning. Could you share net absorption and supply completions in the quarter for U.S. portfolio? And then, also provide any update to your full-year outlook for supply and demand? It sounds like nothing big change or surprised too much during the quarter, but just want to confirm your outlook and get the recent actuals there.
Chris Caton: Hi, Vince, it's Chris Caton. Thank you for the question, and your read on the quarter is correct. So, we saw 40 million square feet of net absorption in the quarter, 63 million square feet of completions. So, let's just zoom out and talk about the year and talk about how it's -- the direction it's heading, because we are progressing through this bottoming phase. So, net absorption, this year, will amount to 160 million square feet, and that's against deliveries that are 300 million square feet. So, naturally, market vacancies are rising. They're rising up to 6.8%. And it sounds like you're very familiar with historical data, so you'll know that 6.8% is a low number in the totality of history. But there's something that's happening in the background that's really -- that doesn't always get attention we're talking about, which is the emptying of supply chains. So, deliveries peaked a year ago at 135 million square feet per quarter, and they fall into that number I gave you 63 million here this quarter, so less than half in terms of the decline, and they'll continue to decline into next year. At work here, in the backdrop, also is starts are very low. We have them at 40 million, 42 million square feet in the quarter. So, when you put all this together, what you find is the under-construction pipeline, which is about 215 million square feet today, is at its lowest point since 2017. So, we're going to be going into 2025 with a relatively low level of supply and an opportunity for demand to improve as we progress through this uncertainty in the spare capacity.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Vince. Operator, next question?
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Hey, just two quick ones, sort of following that last question in terms of asking in a different way. When are you thinking availability sort of peaks to the portfolio? I remember it was 4Q '24. Has that sort of changed at all, once that pushed out to? And then, the second part of the question, when you think about the same store cash NOI guidance for this year, are there any sort of one-timers, puts and takes or comps that we should be aware of as we start to think about 2025? Thanks.
Chris Caton: Hey, Ron, it's Chris Caton. So, I think you said portfolio, but I think you might have meant market. So, I'm going to answer for the market in terms of vacancies. So, we still have vacancies peaking in the later part of this year, but just taking a cautious stance on the direction of demand and that uncertainty and that spare capacity that we've described, we think you should anticipate a measured pace of basically elongation of the peak over the course of the first part of next year. You'll see recovery emerge later next year and accelerate into 2026. I think that's something Dan described earlier.
Tim Arndt: Hey, Ron, it's Tim. And then, just picking up the second part of your question, with regard to cash same store, the answer would be no. I can't think of anything that would be one-time in nature. As we report that metric, we exclude things like lease termination fees that might fall in that category. So, that's not there anyway. The only thing I could maybe think of is free rent is normalizing back to market norms. There could be a little more free rent next year than we want to see in the first half of this year, but that would be relatively small. If I widen out a little bit though and take the question further on same store out in the future anyway, it's probably a good opportunity to just level set people on. We've seen market rent declines thus far this year. We've been clear about them continuing a bit into next year. We've highlighted that occupancy is bottoming here and going to sit here for a handful of quarters. So, looking ahead to next year, it's probably best to think about just the things that we know. And what I would -- the way I would assemble a same store view going into next year would be to look at, for starters, the rent change either on a cash or net effective basis that we've had thus far this year. We know that that's got a half year effect going into 2025. And then, also make some assumptions about what rent change might be in 2025 similarly following the half year convention. I think if you put that math together today and think about a [roll level] (ph) at 10% or 11%, on a net effective basis, you probably find yourselves as -- at something like 5.5% to 6% component of -- for that component of same store. Now, net effective basis, of course, we would have the impact of the [indiscernible] from the Duke portfolio that takes something like 100 off of that. So, you're squarely somewhere around 5. And then, the last thing to think about is just occupancy trends. And again, things really murky to forecast occupancy from here, but you could at least take into account the fact that occupancies have been declining over the course of this year. So, with standard reason on at least an average basis this year to next, that would probably be an additional headwind on same store.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Ron. Operator, next question?
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Blaine Heck: Great, thanks. Good morning out there. We've heard a lot recently about strong demand from Asian e-commerce and 3PL companies. So, I was hoping you could talk about whether you signed any deals with those tenants, and just your view on whether this is just a massive pull forward of demand ahead of potential tariff increases or whether you think those groups will continue to lease space into 2025 and beyond?
Chris Caton: Hi, Blaine, it's Chris Caton. Thanks for the question. I'll give you a concise answer and then I'll provide you some context, because this is a growing category. And so, yes, we are leasing with these customers, and yes, we think they will continue to lease space into next year and beyond. And no, we don't really think it's much related to any sort of pull-forward as you asked. But let's just zoom out and understand kind of the broader context here. So, to understand really all these 3PL companies, it is productive to first start with the Chinese e-commerce platforms. They're enjoying rapid growth this year, last year. We're talking about 25%, 50% annual growth and more depending on the concept. And so, the Chinese 3PLs, obviously, are performing the logistics here and they're growing rapidly. I'd say they represent roughly 20% of net absorption this year. And what it also offers their businesses are diversifying as now they compete for all contracts, not just Chinese e-commerce. And so, many of these customers are positioned for growth. They're signing long-term leases and they're investing in their space. You ask after this concept of a pull-forward, and so it is natural to think about how might tariffs and changes in tariffs affect these customers. And a couple of ways to think about it. First, the growth of this ecosystem. This is one that connects Asian manufacturers with American consumers. And what they're doing is they're bypassing the traditional import distributors, and they're doing this in response to the past tariffs, the margin pressure brought about by those tariffs. So, in summary, of that point, some of the growth this year is simply a shift in business model in response to past tariffs. The second point, which I described earlier, is, look, Asian imports are up 21% versus 2019 on an inflation-adjusted basis, and this is really fueled by that China Plus One manufacturing model, and the growth of Asia ex China -- imports from Asia ex China, which are up 40%, as I said. And then the third, in the details of tariffs is something called de minimis provision. You may be aware, this is a provision that allows goods to come in and avoid tariffs under a certain value. These are likely to be wound down under a wide range of scenarios, but it's worth knowing that these are only 3% goods coming in under the de minimis provision, only 3% of Asian imports. And so, look, as the category matures, this is a growth category for sure, there will be winners and losers. And please know that we employ the same rigorous credit evaluation process here as we do with any and all of our prospective customers.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Blaine. Operator, next question?
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Nick Thillman with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Thillman: Thanks. Good morning out there. We noticed, in the past few quarters, there's been an uptick in lease commencements with term less than a year in the core portfolio, roughly like 50% of commencement. I guess, wanted to get some more color on those tenants specifically. Are these tenants opting for shorter-term renewals? These new tenants kind of looking for swing space given an uncertain macro? Anything you could provide there would be pretty helpful. Thank you.
Tim Arndt: Hey, Nick, it's Tim. I think that's an element of it, some uncertainly on the part of the customer. I think more so it's recognition in certain cases we're being very strategic about the level of rents in some of our markets and what's being locked in now. And there's just bespoke certain situations where we see an opportunity to keep it on the shorter end, where we see some of the rent recovery happening sooner than the overall forecast. And so, there's a strategy in that part as well.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Nick. Operator, next question.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Josh Dennerlein with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Dennerlein: Hey, guys. Thanks for this. I'm filling in for Jeff today. Just looking at the occupancy across the regions, it looks like Asia and LatAm kind of sort of stepped back. Any kind of trends to flag in those two regions versus like maybe what you're seeing in the U.S., where it looks like it's more stabilizing at this point?
Dan Letter: Thanks for the question, Josh. Really this comes down to the impact from China. Japan certainly has some oversupply issues we're dealing with as well, but our portfolio is in good shape there, but it's really China is the impact.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Josh. Operator, next question?
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Mueller: Yeah, hi. Are there any specific pockets of the portfolio or regions that are driving higher development stabilization guidance?
Dan Letter: Thanks for the question there, Mike. No, this development book is spread all around the globe. So, there's no trend to point to.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Mike. Operator, next question?
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Nicholas Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Nicholas Yulico: Thanks. I just wanted to clarify a couple of numbers. I think you said that the market rents globally were down 3% this quarter. And then, last quarter, the forecast was for the next 12 months down 2% to 5%. So, are those the same periods on measurement? I just want to -- because it would seem then that forecast was already hit this quarter alone based on the sequential decline, unless I'm confusing something here. Thanks.
Chris Caton: Hi, Nicholas, it's Chris. Thanks for the question. So, the time periods are going to be different. You have the correct numbers. And as Dan described, we continue to see rents be soft in our view today is now a different rolling 12-month view, and we remain cautious on rents over that time period. And as Tim described in his script, rent softness should persist into the middle part of next year.
Tim Arndt: Look, I might just add that it's fair to interpret the way you're looking at those two numbers that, yeah, we may be at the -- depending how you count at the north or south end of that range, maybe that will be closer to 5% over that preceding 12-month period that we described last quarter than not, given what we saw so far in the third quarter.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Nick. Operator, next question?
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [Aditi] (ph) on for Mike. I was just wondering what drove the jump in CapEx this quarter? Thanks.
Tim Arndt: I'm sorry, I didn't hear the end of that question. What drove what?
Unidentified Analyst: The jump in CapEx for this quarter?
Tim Arndt: A lot of that is focused -- and you can see the components of CapEx in the supplemental between property improvements and leasing commissions, tenant improvements. There is a lot of leasing in SoCal, in particular. It's just a sort of a reminder that rents there are very high, the commissions wind up in turn being quite high. And then, as you -- it's quite clear from our supplemental as well where we have property improvements disclosure that can be pretty lumpy between quarters and it was a bit elevated here in Q3, but on a trailing 12-month basis, very normal.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Aditi. Operator, next question?
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Todd Thomas: Hi, thanks. First, can you just talk about leasing demand and absorption trends throughout the quarter a little bit, how the quarter played out a bit, July through September? And then, also in terms of the space utilization and comments that you've made around capacity in the portfolio, which seems to be an important input into your forecast, your portfolio skews toward consumption and I'm just curious if you have any thoughts around the utilization metrics from inventory levels or I guess inventory build, ahead of the election and potential tariffs and also the East Coast port strikes and whether you might expect to see some volatility on utilization in the near term.
Chris Caton: Hey, Todd, it's Chris Caton. Thank you for the questions. Answer on the first one is demand was steady through the quarter, so no meaningful acceleration or deceleration, which I think is what you're asking. As it relates to utilization, I think maybe we step back and cover some of the numbers that I alluded to earlier. So, there is an upward trend this year. The year started below 84%, like I think I mentioned, it's in the sup, I think you said 84.4%. And there is noise from quarter to quarter, which is a combination of goods coming in and coming out, as well as just the methodology, which is survey based. I think if you step back and consider some of the context, one thing I want to add to your consideration is, look, import activity really shows there's an effort to restock supply chains. But this is occurring amidst perhaps more resilient consumer than was expected. And so, those consumers are pulling goods out of supply chains and kind of keeping utilization a little bit below what we consider to be a normal level.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Todd. Operator, next question?
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Brendan Lynch with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Brendan Lynch: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I'm hoping you can help us reconcile the guidance from the December Investor Day. It sounds like rent growth is around 0% through 2026 and vacancy is going to peak out a little bit higher than what you had been expecting. So, how should we think about your core FFO CAGR over the next three years?
Tim Arndt: Hey, Brendan, it's Tim. I would probably just put that aside. I think there's been so much change right now in the markets that as I was doing earlier and describing the way to think about 2025 and just take a fresh look of where we are now with regard to the lease mark-to-market, a dip in rents over the next 12 months or whatever that period is before we start to see it accelerate again. It's really important to appreciate how much that 34% lease mark-to-market will sustain earnings. If you kind of map out that is where rents will start a bit of a decline for the next 12 months and then an increase thereafter, you'll see on rent change alone five, six, seven years of very strong mid-single-digit same store growth just out of the rent growth component by itself. So, that's the underpinning. Over the long term, you're going to think about the adders to that as you march down to the bottom-line between financial and operating leverage. Admittedly, there's some headwinds on the financial leverage piece in the near term as interest rates are rolling up, but over the long term, that will be productive to the bottom end again. And for Prologis, then you're really going to think about all the other things that we do, which is really growth in capital deployment, our higher and better use activity in data center, strategic capital, ventures, the energy business, these are all adders to our growth that are complementary on their own, but I would say synergistic back to the core business as well. And that's how you should think about long-term growth for us.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Brendan. Operator, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Yeah, thanks. Just wanted to clarify just two things. I think, Chris, you said something about 25% of, I think, the demand this year was from these Asian 3PL companies. I just -- was that your portfolio specifically or were you making a comment about the market or Southern California in particular? I just wanted to sort of clarify that.
Chris Caton: Steve, thanks for the opportunity to clarify. That's broadly across the marketplace.
Tim Arndt: Okay. Thank you. That was the last question here. I'd like to just wrap up by making a few points. First, the quarterly results met our expectations. Secondly, we think we're in a bottoming process that's underway, with completions very clearly in a downtrend. Lastly, capital values are increasing, fundraising has improved and we're actively investing in the future of our business and we're in this for the long run. With that, we look forward to speaking to you at the upcoming conferences and again next quarter.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a great rest of the day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-17 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Prologis Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Justin Meng, Senior Vice President, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Justin Meng: Thanks, Daryl. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com, under Investor Relations. I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and actual operating results maybe affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or other SEC filings. Additionally, our second quarter earnings press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP and in accordance with Reg-G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. I'd like to welcome Tim Arndt, our CFO, who will cover results, real-time market conditions, and guidance; Hamid Moghadam, our Founder and CEO; Dan Letter, our President; and Chris Caton, Managing Director, are also with us today. With that, I'll hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Arndt: Thank you, Justin, and thank you all for joining our call. We had solid execution against our second quarter plan, which showed improvement over the first quarter, underpinned by a pickup in overall market activity. In fact, we leased 52 million square feet in our portfolio, a 27% increase over the first quarter and one of our highest quarters in the past few years. This helped in delivering occupancy, which outperformed our forecast and more importantly at rent change well over 70%. This was achieved in an environment where decision making has remained slow as many customers optimize existing footprints before committing to new space. As a result, we expect many property owners to continue to prioritize occupancy in select markets with higher availability, keeping pressure on rents. That said, the bright spot continues to be the depletion of the supply pipeline and successive quarters of very low development starts. We believe we are near peak vacancy and this dearth of new supply is setting the stage for more favorable conditions in 2025. As evidenced by very strong rent change this quarter, our lease mark-to-market is serving to sustain meaningful growth through this transition. In terms of results for the quarter, core FFO, excluding promotes, was $1.36 per share and including net promote expense was $1.34 per share. We earned promote revenue within our FIBRA vehicle in Mexico, marking the seventh year of such achievements since its IPO and speaking to the high quality of our portfolio and team in that market. Global occupancy at our share ended the quarter at 96.5%. Our U.S. portfolio continues to outperform the market by over 320 basis points, a meaningful spread that has widened from our historic norm of roughly 175 basis points. As vacancy normalizes in our markets, we expect this flight to quality to continue. We crystallized $100 million of our lease mark to market during the quarter. As of June, we estimate that the net effective market rents are 42% above in-place rents, representing $2 billion of potential NOI. Over 40% of the decline in our lease mark to market ratio is due to this quarter's mark-to-market capture. Net effective rent change was nearly 74% based on commencement and is 64% based on new signings. This metric can be volatile between quarters due to mix, but we continue to expect full year net effective rent change to be above 70%, illustrating the outsized mark to market opportunity that will remain in the near and intermediate term. Our same-store growth was 7.2% on a cash basis, 5.5% on a net effective basis, each strong despite the impact of over 100 basis points of decline in average occupancy year over year, as well as the effect of fair value lease adjustments on net effective growth from the Duke acquisition. We deployed over $700 million into new development projects and acquisitions during the quarter and also closed on over $1 billion in dispositions and contributions at values exceeding our initial expectations. We continue to grow our solar energy business with the installed capacity of our operating portfolio now at 524 megawatts, with an additional 134 megawatts currently under construction, the total of which will generate approximately $55 million of NOI once stabilized in line with our forecast. Finally, we raised $1.2 billion of debt across our balance sheet and funds at a weighted average rate of 4.4% and a term of 11 years. Outside of this total, we also launched our $1 billion commercial paper program, which has thus far saved an average of 60 basis points on our short-term borrowing costs in the U.S. In terms of our markets, there are several encouraging signs for demand, including port volumes on both the East and West Coast, as well as increased volume of proposal activity we've seen across our portfolio. While overall leasing has increased since the first quarter, the tone of our conversations with customers warrants continued caution in the near term. Even though space utilization sits at near a normal range, approximately 85%, we find that many customers simply lack urgency, still prioritizing cost containment in light of an uncertain economic and political environment, both of which will be clearer soon. In the meantime, development starts remain muted and below pre-COVID levels. Quarterly completions peaked last year at 140 million square feet and are projected to approach 50 million square feet by the fourth quarter of this year. We estimate vacancies in our U.S. and European markets will peak over the next few quarters, likely creating a shift in tone as customers assess the requirements heading into 2025. Until then, rent growth will be anemic in most markets and down modestly in some. Southern California remains its own story, where demand remains sluggish and vacancy continues to drift higher. While we've observed some green shoots over the last 90 days, we expect soft conditions to persist over the next 12 months. Globally, we estimate that effective market rents declined 2% during the quarter, with 75% of the decline attributed to SoCal. Because there is so much conflicting data available to investors, it's worth mentioning that we measure market rent growth by evaluating effective rents achieved, not asking rents before concessions, a difference that can be as wide as 5% to 10%. We'd summarize by highlighting that most of the puts and takes across our global portfolio have provided conditions that are largely stable with reason for intermediate-term optimism due to several quarters of low starts and subdued but positive demand. Turning to capital markets. Value saw modest increases in the second quarter for our U.S. and European funds. There's greater depth amongst buyers of logistics properties and lenders are more active, together reducing yield requirements. In particular, buyer pools for well-located core product are growing now with multiple bidders back in the mix. We saw this very clearly in a large portfolio sale we closed this quarter, which was originally brought to the market last fall. Interest was reasonable at the time, but we felt pricing was off, elected to wait, and achieved 28% higher value in the end. I'd like to provide a brief update on our data center business, where we are having very good momentum across our pipeline. As you know, access to power is the key to unlocking value, and our dedicated energy and sustainability teams are leveraging our expertise in net-zero carbon solutions, solar generation, and battery storage to ensure that we're in the pole position with all of the major utilities. To date, we have secured 1.3 gigawatts of power. Of this, 450 megawatts is currently under construction in $1.2 billion of TEI. 300 megawatts is in active pre-development with an expected $700 million of TEI, leaving 550 megawatts as available and currently undergoing build-to-suit discussions. Beyond all of this, we are also in advanced stages of procurement for an additional 1.5 gigawatts, which is key to delivering on our five-year outlook for $7 billion to $8 billion of total data center investment. Overall, we've made significant progress growing this business and are optimistic about the targets we laid out at our Investor Day. Turning to guidance. We are making few changes as the year is playing out to our expectations. As such, we're maintaining our forecast for average occupancy, same-store, G&A, development starts, and stabilizations. There are only a few small changes otherwise. We are lowering our guidance for strategic capital revenue by $10 million only to account for the impact of FX rates, which are hedged elsewhere under P&L and will not affect overall earnings. Due to the increased activity we're seeing in the capital markets and deals completed year-to-date, we are increasing our acquisitions guidance to a new range of $1 billion to $1.5 billion and similarly increasing our guidance for overall dispositions and contributions to a range of $2.75 billion to $3.65 billion. Ultimately, we are increasing our GAAP earnings to a range of $3.25 to $3.45 per share. Core FFO excluding net promote expense will range between $5.46 and $5.54 per share, while core FFO including promotes will range from $5.39 to $5.47 per share, a slight increase at the midpoint from our prior guidance attributed to the FIBRA promote. Our core earnings guidance calls for nearly 8% growth at the midpoint, which ranks in the 87th percentile of S&P 500 REITs. We've been unique in our ability to generate leading growth over a long period of time, not only through a superior business model and portfolio, but also from our commitment to leveraging all that comes from our scale, including adjacent verticals strategic to our core business. Our focus is simply to continue to deliver on this industry-leading and durable growth. As we close, I'd also like to highlight an upcoming event, our annual GROUNDBREAKERS Thought Leadership Forum on October 2nd in London. The program is taking shape as our best yet, exploring the surprising intersection of logistics and health, energy, and even fashion. Additional information for the forum is available on our website, and we hope to see you there or online. With that, I'll hand the call back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Blaine Heck: Thanks. Good morning out there. It looks like your occupancy and rent spreads improved as the quarter progressed just looking at results versus the NAREIT update. Can you just talk about whether that momentum has continued into the third quarter, and if there are any specific markets that might have driven that improvement? And related to that, on occupancy guidance, the maintained guidance implies some downside during the second half of the year. Can you just talk about what's driving that trajectory, please?
Tim Arndt: Hi, Blaine, it's Tim. I'll start with the first part, and I may ask you to repeat the second. I'm not sure if I understood the question. But coming into the first few weeks of the third quarter, I think we are maintaining the momentum that I guess you're inferring was picked up between NAREIT and the end of the quarter, which is that proposal activity is strong, leasing activity is strong. We see it more in renewals, a little less so in new leasing. We're achieving our rents outside of the drag that we discussed in SoCal just continues to be the market that we watch most. But I think when I put that all together, what we think is we're pleased to see the way the second quarter executed. I think it executed pretty much precisely as we expected from our discussion 90 days ago and feel good about the year.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Blaine. Operator, next question.
Operator: Next question. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. It's Nick Joseph here with Craig. Maybe just on the demand side. Obviously, it sounds like you're seeing and feeling an improvement there, but I was hoping you could talk about some of the demand differences across different size ranges and geographies?
Chris Caton: All right. Thanks for the question. It's Chris. I'll start with the geographies. The healthiest part in the U.S. is the southeastern US. But I'd also really point out. Latin America as well as Europe as being areas that are a boost to the overall global picture as it relates to size categories the story remains the same relative to what we discussed on our last earnings call, which is to say sizes above 100, maybe even certainly over 250, and 500, that's where demand momentum is the best, but there's also more availability there. Demand is stable below 100, but that's where vacancies are especially low.
Justin Meng: Thank you. Operator, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ron Kamden with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Ronald Kamden: Great. Just a quick question on sort of the rent growth conversation I think you talked about down 2% in 2Q after being down 1% in 1Q '24. Maybe if you could just provide some commentary on what the expectations are for the back half of the year and the 4% to 6% sort of rent growth targets long term. How do you guys think about that going forward? Thanks.
Tim Arndt: Hi, Ron, thanks for the question. It's Tim. Yes, and let me start. I'll. Just reemphasize we're talking about effective rents here from all the distortion we see out there in quotation method. So this is ultimately taking rents incorporating in all concessions starting with the next 12 months. I'll do it that way, as we've described we would. We talked about at NAREIT, we basically would divide our portfolio into SoCal as its own special case and then everything else. And within everything else, there are strong, stable and weak markets, and I would put all of those other non-SoCal markets around flat. Maybe modestly negative on market rent growth over the next 12 months which is a long way of saying it's really going to be a function of what do we think SoCal does in the next 12 months when we put that all together, inclusive? Of SoCal, we would probably put that. In a range of something like 2% to possibly 5% down in the next 12 months before inflecting. And this is a good place to just remind everybody that even in light of that, I mean, we've had three quarters now of some negative market rent growth, 1% down in the fourth quarter of last year, 1% down in the first quarter, 2% down, this last second quarter. In the meantime, we're putting up very significant rent change. And growth within our NOI 74%, one of our highest quarters. Just this last quarter. So it's very fortuitous the position we're in where we have this large lease mark to market carry us through this transition period.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Ron. Operator, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Yes, thanks. Tim, I think you commented on the lease proposals, but I was just wondering if you could provide a little bit more detail. Obviously, that green line is up strongly and to the right. And I'm just curious how much of that is for new activity, for vacant space or development, and how much of that might be for renewal activity, just to frame it out, because that number is up quite a bit, even from the past couple of years.
Tim Arndt: It is. And thanks, Steve. The chart that you're looking at in the supplemental is new leasing, just to be clear. And you highlight something that I'm glad you did. We do see the very big uptick in nominal proposals, 112 million square feet, meaningfully above where we've been. That's a function of a few things. One is just more space to lease. We have some increased vacancy in the portfolio. And this is also a function of just how the next 12 months of overall looks. And there's a little bit more there as well. This is why we added, for those who've noticed, a new line just this quarter, which puts that proposal activity in the context of what is available to lease. You see that measured 42% this last quarter, which we would characterize, and you can see when you look at the chart, as normal.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Steve. Operator, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Camille Bonnel with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Camille Bonnel: Good morning. The pace of development stabilization seems to be tracking ahead at this halfway point of the year. So, was wondering, how does this compare to what was budgeted in your guidance? And out in the West Coast, it looks like you've made some good progress stabilizing some of these developments. So, can you talk to some general terms on rents versus underwriting and how much of that was new leases signed in the quarter? Thank you.
Dan Letter: Yes, thanks for the question, Camille. This is Dan. I'll handle the question here. So it was a big stabilization quarter for us. Certainly development leasing has slowed a bit. I think the best way to look at our development portfolio is look at the whole book of business. Don't look at it necessarily on a quarter-by-quarter basis. So if you look at that, the whole $6 billion development portfolio, all $35 million feet we're trending to our long-term margin of 24% to. 25%. So if you look at our 20 year average, it's in the high 20s. So feel really good about. Our development portfolio.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Camille. Operator, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Peterson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathon Petersen: Great. Thank you. So I was looking at your top tenant list. It looks like an increase in square feet lease to Amazon and Home Depot. We're hearing from other people that Amazon is more active this year. Whether you want to talk about them specifically or maybe we can frame it. In the context of what impact is some of these larger players in the market being more active in leasing have on the overall market. Like are people waiting for them to make decisions before we start to see an uptick in activity. Is that kind of what's happening right now?
Dan Letter: Yes Jon. This is Dan. Thanks for the question. So what you're pointing to is our top 25 list where. You saw some big completions come into the operating portfolio. Those were decisions that were made a year ago. And sure, we've had some success with Amazon this year. I would actually talk about the e-commerce segment overall. E-commerce has been very strong. We talked about this happening multiple quarters ago, before it was a story, and it's played out as exactly as we expected. E-commerce continues to be strong. Amazon was a little quiet for us this last quarter, but at any given time, they're are our top customer. We've got a lot going on with them, and it's a very strong segment for us.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Jon. Operator, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, everyone. Maybe just on the transaction market, I think Tim, earlier you mentioned how the depth of buyers is deeper and the disposition you did was at a materially higher valuation now versus. 2023. So I guess. What are you guys seeing from an acquisition potential on your side who is selling and kind of your opportunity there in the near term?
Dan Letter: Hi, Caitlin. Thanks for the question. Yes, we have seen the transaction market open up. I would say normalize. We're hearing from the brokerage community that they're doing. A lot of broker opinion of values, so we expect to see. The transaction market continue. We've had a lot of success in the disposition we've outperformed across the Board. In our disposition business which is why you saw us move our guidance up. We definitely want to take advantage of the market as it's opened up. And we have also been turning over all sorts of interesting opportunities. And many markets around the globe, and we're really excited about our acquisition volume for the year.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, the other thing I would add to that, Caitlin, is that you have closed end funds that are coming to the end of their lives, and those portfolios need to be liquidated. And the investors generally because of what's going on in their portfolio not just in real estate, but also in other private asset classes need liquidity because they have outstanding commitment. So there's pressure from those guys to realize these sales and industrial real estate has been one of the places that their performance has been really great and crystallization of those values is important. So it's a natural course of things. And you have some deferred sales volume. That was put on suspended animation for the last 24 months. That's now coming through. But generally, I would say the transaction market is very good right now, with multiple offers for good portfolios and the sweet spot is a couple of $200 million, I would say. Not mega deals and not timing deals, but sort of in the $100 million $200 million range.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Caitlin. Operator, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nick Thillman with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Thillman: Hi, good morning out there, Tim. You kind of mentioned the uptick in new lease proposals. Maybe just wanted to dig in on retention for the next 12 months. Are you expecting that to be historical averages and then also continue to see kind of free rent uptick as the elevated concessions. Does that spur demand a little bit. Just want a little more color on that. Thanks.
Tim Arndt: Sure. Nick. Thanks. On the retention front, we typically forecast between 70% and 80%. Think of it as 75, and that's a good number, and I would characterize that as our expectations over the coming several quarters and then free rent. I think we may have discussed this recently. I would view free rent as. Just reverting to mean levels. We had kind of is another area where we had some surge pricing, if you will. Some much lower free rent over the last few years. And now the market normalizes as at different pace in different places. It's coming back to a more normalized level as well.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Nick. Operator, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Vikram Malhotra: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. So I guess just two parts. One, Chris could you just update us, sort of, your view on the, I think, $175 million. Of net absorption, sort of what you anticipate for the second half, and then, I guess. You also mentioned sort of the rolling rent growth projection. Could you expand upon that in context of your three year view that you provided at the Investor Day on occupancy and term NOI growth?
Chris Caton: Hi, Vikram. Thanks for the question. It's Chris. So as it relates to demand, just for those following along, net absorption in the first quarter was $26 million square feet, 27 million square feet. We have it at $43 million square feet in the second. And so, we expect 40 to 50 million square feet in net absorption. I think that's the tone that Tim had in his script and that we have here on the call for you. That'll leave - us with a full year net absorption on 160 million to 170 million square feet. Tim's going to take the rest.
Tim Arndt: Yes, Vikram, in terms of the three years, the way we think about that, we clearly have an environment now where the window of time that, we think about the three years in has shifted. We've highlighted that we think rents are going to continue to fall modestly in the coming 12 months, grow thereafter. But the time that is then left, to measure up to the end of 2026 has, of course, been shortened. If we look at that same period, the end of 2023 to the end of 2026, our sense is that rents are going to be flat then, to modestly positive over that entire period. But we would couch that as rent that's really been deferred, that the window's moving and not ultimately lost.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, one other perspective I might provide to you is that the big change since our 4% to 6% three-year forecast, has actually been in concessions. So those concessions have, I mean, in other words, if you had two forecasts, one for asking rents and one for effective rents, the effective rent one has been affected more since our Investor Day when we laid out that assumption. Not all of it. The face rents have come down in Southern California, certainly, but most of it has been expansion in the concessions. And we see those burning off over the next 12 months as markets come into, even the weaker markets come into balance. Just to give you a sense of something that Chris mentioned before, Southern California accounts for about 23% of our rents over the next 12 months. What we categorize as sort of the weakest market, are another 21% of our rental profile for the next 12 months. And only 56% of the rents rolling over in the next 12 months are in stable or healthy markets. So, this is really a Southern California problem where it's both an expansion in concessions and a reduction in face rent. Fortunately, and this is really important. Southern California is the market with the largest mark-to-market in the next 12 months, even with the declines that we're projecting. So there is pretty good downside protection, in fact, upside protection, if there's such a word, on those expiring rents in Southern California. So, ironically, the weakest markets have the most mark-to-market, certainly in the near term.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Vikram. Operator, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John Kim: Thank you. I wanted to ask about the occupancy trajectory for the remainder of this year. At NAREIT, there was some discussion that this would dip below 96% in the near term and then recover. Is that still on the table, or are you now past that risk given the end of the quarter at 96.4%?
Hamid Moghadam: Thanks, John. And I realize this was also Blaine's question that I missed earlier, so thanks for coming back to it. The 96% comment was very specific about where we thought the second quarter was going to land. I would say that the year-to-date average that we have so far, we're around 96.6% year-to-date. The midpoint of our guidance is 96.25%. That just reflects some tougher roll and so a little bit longer lease-up time that we see in new leasing. I hope it's conservative. I suppose there's that possibility, but we feel good about the range that we've established.
Chris Caton: One other way of - and I think this was in Tim's prepared remarks. I think the quality of the portfolio manifests itself in two ways. It manifests itself in terms of a premium in occupancy, which if anything has expanded in this market environment, because when markets are really tight, people don't have a choice. They can't be picky about the quality of space. Pretty much everything leases. But as markets get more normalized, softer in some cases, business goes towards the higher quality businesses. So it's hard to predict the absolute level of occupancy, certainly quarter-by-quarter, because one or two leases, even as large as our portfolio is, can really move around the numbers. But I can tell you our premium, I'm very confident of our premium in occupancy, compared to the rest of the market. I think it's going to expand even further.
Justin Meng: Thank you, John. Operator, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
Vince Tibone: Hi, good morning. Cap allocation guidance implies an acceleration of starts in the back half of the year. Are these all mostly planned logistics starts, or are there some data centers in there as well? And related to all this, kind of what markets would you be comfortable starting a spec project today in the current environment?
Dan Letter: Vince, hi, it's Dan. Thanks for the question. So I think, well, first of all, your question around what's in our start volume. That is entirely logistics that you see there. And the better way to think about where we're going to build, is look at the sheer amount of opportunities we have. We have $40 billion worth of opportunities in dozens of markets around the world. We've raised the bar on spec. We take it through a rigorous process, pay attention to the market fundamentals, and look at every deal on a deal-by-deal basis. So, we have many markets around the world that we'll be building in this year. And I think decisions that we make, on a deal-by-deal basis may change between now and when we start. So it's hard to peg anything, certainly, right now.
Hamid Moghadam: But if you're asking for specific names of markets, I would say Mexico is super strong. Nashville, Houston, the Southeast, pretty strong and demand there. Northern Europe is very strong. So those are the places you're most likely to see spec development starts.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Vince. Operator, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks, good morning. I wanted to talk about your data center business. Given the updates you provided, at least from outside looking in, it seems like you're ahead of your five-year plan for three gigawatts of deployment. I'm not sure if that's correct, but maybe you can just comment on incremental changes in demand you're seeing in that business?
Hamid Moghadam: We are more optimistic about our data center business, since the time of our Investor Day. I think where some of those numbers come from, Ki Bin. Part of it is, we've done some excellent recruiting in terms of specialists in the sector that, have joined the team and are very excited. And secondly, the energy team that we have, the renewable energy team that we have, has excellent relationships with utilities. And that's something that oftentimes is missing, in a lot of data center companies that have just got the real estate component. And obviously we know the five hyperscalers really well. And in this environment, the ability to finance and deliver and execute becomes super important. These are mission critical deployments for these companies. And it is increasingly difficult for private players that don't have a balance sheet, to compete in that market. So, we think the competitive position for a lot just both, because of talent and balance sheet, are just going to get better and better going forward.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Ki Bin. Operator, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi. Where do you think we are in terms of 3PLs resetting their footprints?
Hamid Moghadam: Hi, Mike. Thanks for the question. So the 3PL market is really an interesting dynamic right now. What we're seeing is certainly slack in the system, more acute in Southern California, where there are simply just more 3PLs, almost double the average across the U.S. And that's where they took up a lot more space during COVID. Now, you can't deliver for a customer in a market that you don't have space. And a lot of the excess space that 3PLs have, is scattered throughout their networks. By way of example, one of our top 25 customers came to us recently and said, we have six to seven percent excess space in our network. Yet a 750,000 square foot need emerged in a major market, which led to a long-term, very large lease for us.
Chris Caton: Yes, one way to think about the 3PL market is this, that 3PLs basically serve two purposes. Some 3PL business and volume comes from players that just want to outsource that activity to somebody else, because they want to focus on their own business. And what I consider that to be base-load business, it doesn't act any differently than leases that are directly entered into by those companies, those principles. Then there is sort of the surge component of 3PLs. That is the component that is likely to be more volatile. On the way down, when markets are becoming softer, you expect that component, to actually suffer more. And when the markets are in the upswing, that's where you see the excess activity. The base part stays pretty consistent, with the rest of the portfolio. Southern California, to be specific, has in the low 30% range, in terms of 3PL share of the business. Now, a lot of that is base-load business, but some of it is search business. Versus the average of the U.S., which is about 18% of the total portfolio, is leased by 3PLs. So obviously those markets with bigger exposure to 3PLs have more of this problem on the search component.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Mike. Operator, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my question. You continue to remain confident on the intermediate term outlook, particularly on the demand side. So maybe just to sum everything up that we've heard already today, what evidence do you see today that gets you excited? And then can you kind of walk us through, how you see the timing of the recovery playing out? Thanks.
Hamid Moghadam: Look, predicting market cycles, particularly when you've got a couple of wars going on, you've got a Fed that's at an inflection point, with respect to interest rates. And you've got a Presidential election coming up, which is, obviously with the events of this weekend, and are that are highly volatile. You've got three major things going on. And to the extent that you're asking us for very specific forecasts. Let me tell you, we're not that good. And you should know that. But what gives us confidence? We can argue whether the full recovery of the market is six months or 12 months or 18 months. I frankly think this is just my sense, having done this for 40 years that, the Southern California markets that are the softest are going to stabilize the latest in about 12 months out. And the other soft markets are a matter of between now and 12 months. And more than half the markets are actually, they don't need to recover, because they've never unrecovered. They've been going straight up. So, I think you're talking about the next 12 months as various markets sort of turn the corner. If I were going to pick a number, and I think if you kind of get your head into January of next year. The Presidential uncertainty will be gone. I'm pretty sure that the Fed uncertainty will be gone. So, we'll be down to the political starts. And what we know for a fact, which is not a prediction, is that start volume is very low. And replacement costs have continued to go up. Construction costs have moderated, but exactions on land and approvals and entitlements, those continue to go up. So, I'm super confident about the long-term, strength of our business. And calling it over quarters or even couple of quarters is really difficult, but if you want an answer, you have it.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Michael. Operator, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Todd Thomas: Hi, thanks. Hamid, just following up on that a little bit, I'd be curious to get your thoughts on another maybe uncertain item, the potential impact tariffs might have on trade and industrial real estate in the U.S. And just, whether conversations you're having today with tenants, or prospective tenants might be impacted as a result. And really, does that change anything, potentially, how you think about allocating capital globally?
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, that's a really good question. So, first of all, I think there's a race between both parties on tariffs. So, I'm not sure which outcome is going to lead to more tariffs. Probably the Trump outcome, which is a higher probability at this point, is going to lead to more tariffs, specifically on China. But at the end of the day, I think what you need to remember is that we are in supporting the consumption side of the supply chain. We've never focused on the production end of the supply chain. So the same amount of goods, volume of goods, needs to get - consumed in these markets. With respect to specific tariffs on China, all that business as part of China Plus One strategy of a lot of suppliers has already moved to other markets. Most of them are in Asia. A lot of them are in Southeast Asia. Some of it has shifted over to Mexico, particularly on the Northern border. But at the end of the day, they're going to get consumed where the people are in the U.S. So, we don't see a radical demand shift between markets or in terms of overall need for our kind of product. So that's the main driver. The second order effect is, to the extent there are tariffs, Economics 101, you're going to have higher inflation and that could cause the Fed to relax slower. And that will have obviously a headwind effect on the overall economy, which in turn will affect demand for industrial real estate, and everything else. So, I'm not worried at all about the primary effect, the direct effect of China, the way people think about this China-LA connection, and the fact that that's somehow going to be under pressure, because the containers are going to land in LA. We don't really care where they come from. But the second order effect, which most people don't think about, I think is kind of important. But, that will be a problem in everybody's earnings calls if it were to materialize.
Justin Meng: Thank you, Todd. Operator, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from the line of Nicholas Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Nicholas Yulico: Oh, yes. Hi, thanks. You talked earlier about the transaction market pricing improving. Can you relate that to the strategic capital revenue? How should we think about kind of where the funds are valued right now, whether there could be upside potential revenue for that versus on the fund flow side, what you're seeing?
Hamid Moghadam: On our fund valuation, I can confidently tell you that we have turned the corner in both U.S. and Europe. We were early adjusting our values, and I think we're now on the good side of the cycle. I think in a lot of other people's funds, they've been dragging their feet in adjusting the real values part of it - parts of, some of it intentionally and some of it not intentionally, because the appraisers are always backward-looking. And until there's data and it takes time for data to reflect itself in the comp set, those values haven't adjusted. So I think the market will continue to experience the decline in values that really occurred six, nine, 12 months ago, but are just now being acknowledged. I think we've already passed that, and our funds will be going up in values, because of a more direct link between our valuation process which is, by the way, independent. That's really important to also understand. A lot of these funds don't do independent appraisals and others. So you may hear mixed messages on that, and that's just, because we've been ahead of the curve. As to the second part of your question, which is fund flows into industrial real estate, there is a tremendous amount of money that has been raised and not spent in acquisitions and by investment managers. And my experience tells me that that money is going to get spent. And so, I think that's going to be the source of capital for a lot of transactions going forward. In terms of new allocations to industrial real estate and everything else, remember these portfolios are under a lot of pressure, because they've had office buildings that have declined in value 30%, 40%, 50%, 60%, which has been the biggest component of their portfolios. So, they're under pressure and they're looking for more liquidity as opposed to being in a front foot forward investing mode. So I think, the volume of new capital allocations to all kinds of real estate will be slow coming back, but it is on the upswing. It's just slower coming back then most other cycles.
Justin Meng: All right. So I think that was the last question. Thank you again for your interest in the company and everybody enjoy the rest of the summer. We'll see you pretty soon hopefully at Groundbreakers. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-17 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Prologis First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Natasha Law, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, Natasha. You may begin.
Natasha Law: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2024 earnings conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or other SEC filings. Additionally, our first quarter earnings press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP. And in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. I'd like to welcome Tim Arndt, our CFO, who will cover results, real-time market conditions and guidance. Hamid Moghadam, our CEO, and our entire executive team are also with us today. With that, I will hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Arndt: Good morning and thank you for joining our call. We've had a good start to the year in terms of our operating and financial results in the first quarter. We delivered strong rent change, drove occupancy slightly ahead of our forecast, raised nearly $5 billion in capital, including $750 million in strategic capital, and made important headway in our Energy business. That said, as we evaluate the market, persistent inflation and high interest rates have kept more customers focused on controlling costs. The resulting delay in decision making, easily observed through the first quarter's below average net absorption, will translate to lower leasing volume within the year. Accordingly, we've opted to adjust our guidance early, getting ahead of what looks like a period of occupancy below our forecast in the near term and its effect on same store in a number of our higher rent markets. This is punctuated, of course, by a more pronounced period of correction still underway in Southern California. New starts, however, continues to be surprisingly disciplined, adding to the expectation for limited new supply in the back half of '24, but also extending deeper into '25. When considered alongside muted demand, we arrive at a view that the operating environment has only changed modestly in aggregate, and that demand is simply pushing out by a few quarters. The outcome of this may simply mean moving towards a long-term occupancy expectation more swiftly this year, which sets up for a better next year. Turning to our results for the quarter. Core FFO, excluding promotes, was $1.31 per share and including net promote expense was $1.28 per share, essentially in line with our forecast. Occupancy in the portfolio ended the quarter at 97%. For context, the US market declined 310 basis points since its peak in the summer of '22, while our portfolio's occupancy has only declined 80 basis points, resulting in vacancy today for Prologis that is less than half of that in our markets and reflective of our portfolio quality. Net effective rent change was 68% based on commencements and 70% based on new signings. Following this in-place increase and changes in market rents, our net effective lease mark-to-market stands at 50%, representing over $2.2 billion of rent to harvest without any additional market rent growth from here. Rent growth captured just for the single quarter was approximately $110 million on an annualized basis and at our share. Our same-store growth on a cash basis was 5.7% and on a net effective basis was 4.1%. The same-store from rent change alone was strong at approximately 9%, but is impacted by a 130 basis point change in year-over-year vacancy, as well as 150 basis points from fair value lease adjustments with the Duke portfolio's inclusion in our same-store pool. Additionally, there were approximately 175 basis points of items specific to the quarter, including one-time reconciling items from 2023, as well as unfavorable comps from low expenses last year. We started over $270 million of new developments in the quarter, bringing our portfolio to approximately $7.5 billion at our share, with estimated value creation of over $1.7 billion, a number we feel increasingly confident in with value stabilizing. In our Energy business, we've made meaningful progress on this year's deployment, including the signing of 405 megawatts of long-term storage-related contracts with investment-grade utilities. We also delivered the largest EV fleet charging project in the United States, less than 15 miles from both the ports of LA and Long beach. Finally, we raised $4.1 billion of debt across our balance sheet and funds at a weighted average rate of 4.7% and a term of 10 years. Our debt portfolio has an overall in-place rate of just 3.1%, with more than nine years of average remaining life and liquidity at the end of the quarter of over $5.8 billion. Turning to market conditions. Most broad economic data from unemployment to retail sales to the health of the consumer remain very strong. And while our tour proposal and other proprietary metrics are similarly positive, overall leasing activity and net absorption are running below expectations. Net absorption in the US, for example, was very low this quarter at just 27 million square feet. So while the macro landscape and supply chains continue to generate a need for space, we think it's prudent to expect continued headwinds on overall absorption over the next few quarters. The interest rate environment and its associated volatility have weighed on customer decision making, especially as the 10 year has increased 70 basis points from its level just 90 days ago and expectations for Fed rate cuts have moved from potentially six to now possibly zero. In parallel, sublease and space utilization rates highlight that some customers have available capacity, driven in part by the high rate of absorption through the pandemic. This dynamic of available space intersecting with the desire for cost containment is what leads to lower absorption and is playing out at different rates across submarkets and customers. For example, while slow leasing has persisted so far this year for less capitalized customers and 3PLs, we see a handful of large e-commerce and retail customers further along in this process, such as Amazon, who voiced caution two years ago, but is now active in several global markets and has openly discussed plans to commit to significant amounts of new space. The overall leasing slowdown is most felt in only a handful of markets. Southern California and the Inland Empire being the most acute. In fact, rents in most of our US markets are generally flat, several are up, and it is mainly elongated downtime affecting near-term occupancy and NOI. While Southern California leasing has been challenging, it has not slowed the tremendous uplift we realize every single quarter from rent change on rollover, which was 120% for the market in the first quarter, with the Inland Empire at 156%, nearly the highest in our portfolio. In Europe, rents grew overall during the quarter, which we believe will remain the case over the balance of the year. And of course, LATAM continues to impress with very high occupancy and market rent growth that has led the globe in recent quarters. Overall, global market rents declined slightly over 1% in the quarter, driven mostly by Southern California, and would have been slightly positive if excluded. I'd like to spend a moment on Baltimore, where we own over 18 million square feet and has been a dynamic market of ours for decades. Our employees, customers and properties are all safe following the bridge collapse last month and our customers expect to be able to withstand the disruption with little impact to their businesses. Shifting to capital markets. Valuations increased in all of our geographies, except for China, which saw a very small decline. Over the last 1.5 years, global values have decreased despite increases in cash flow due to cap rate expansion. As cap rates have stabilized, cash flow growth now has the ability to translate to value growth. Even though modest, the value uplift in the US and Europe are important as strategic capital investors have been looking for values to not only bottom, but actually turn upwards before committing new capital. With Europe a bit ahead of the US in this regard, it is indeed where we've seen stronger fund-raising interest in recent quarters. We also had a successful equity raise in FIBRA Prologis, raising over $500 million for deployment into both assets to be contributed from our balance sheet, as well as pursuits of third-party acquisitions. Transaction volumes and activity have ticked up in recent weeks and pricing has certainly improved. As always, we are actively looking at acquisition opportunities across all of our markets, but our focus remains on the development of our land bank, which provides an opportunity for over $38 billion of build out with a return on incremental capital of approximately 8.5%. In terms of guidance, in light of our views on demand and leasing pace in the coming quarters, we are reducing our average occupancy guidance to range between 95.75% and 96.75% of the 75 basis point adjustment from the midpoint. It's important to understand that approximately two-thirds of this change stems from our higher rent markets, meaning they create a disproportionate impact on same store in 2024. Same-store growth on a net effective basis will range between 5.5% and 6.5%, a reduction of 150 basis points, which accounts for the average occupancy decline, slightly lower rent change for the year as well as 30 basis points of annualized impact from the one-time items in the first quarter mentioned earlier. Our revised range on a cash basis is now 6.25% to 7.25%. We are maintaining our guidance for strategic capital revenue, excluding promotes, to a range of $530 million to $550 million and reducing our G&A guidance to a range of $415 million to $430 million. We are adjusting development start guidance for the year to a revised range of $2.5 billion to $3 billion at our share, reflecting our discipline in speculative starts and the timing impact this has in the calendar year. As we've always said, we don't consider our guidance to be a target internally and each deal ultimately needs to be rational and accretive on its own. In the end, we are forecasting GAAP earnings to range between $3.15 per share and $3.35 per share. Core FFO, including net promote expense, will range between $5.37 per share and $5.47 per share, while core FFO, excluding promotes, will range from $5.45 per share to $5.55 per share. Our updated guidance calls for core earnings growth of nearly 8% at the midpoint. As we close out, I'd like to underscore the message of the call, which is that while we have only a modest change of view in the intermediate term, our confidence in the long term is intact. And putting timing aside, we are encouraged by the outlook for supply in the back half of this year and '25, have tremendous lease mark-to-market to harvest in the interim, and are pleased to see valuations, fundraising and transaction activity all picking up. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi. Good morning, everyone. It seems like, I guess, occupancy and maybe pricing are coming in a little lower than you had previously expected. So I was wondering, could you go through how much or what pieces might be more macro driven and how much is certain markets weighing on the outlook? Tim, you did mention how some of the high rent markets are having an outsize impact. So wondering if you could just go through what might be more macro versus market specific. Thanks.
Chris Caton: Hey, Caitlin. It's Chris Caton. I'll start by saying I think it's a combination of factors. For sure, as Tim described, Southern California and a handful of other high rent markets, the leasing velocity has been subdued and rent growth has been a little bit below expectations. So there is that softness. But we also want to point to a couple of quarters of deferred decision making leading aggregate customer demand across the United States to be a little bit below what we previously expected. The other thing I might add, Caitlin, would be just nominally in the sense of dollars and the impact in same store. We do see about half of our adjustments as coming from SoCal.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning out there. I guess, for Tim or Hamid, can you maybe just help kind of flush out sort of maybe the timing of when some of these things became a little bit more evident? I guess I'm thinking back to some of the conferences and the like in March, and my sense was the tone and concern about the business maybe wasn't as acute as it is right now. And I know you have confidence in the long term, but it sort of feels like there's a sea change in your outlook in maybe the last 30, maybe 45 days. So I guess, what is prompting that other than maybe saying hard data? But maybe just help flush out kind of the timing of this. And are there other factors at work here?
Tim Arndt: Steve, let me take a stab at that. If you are sensing any acute change in our outlook, you're not reading our call correctly. We have picked a three-year window, I think, in our Analyst Day to give you our expectations. And the first year of that window has moved around. So our outlook for the back period of second and third year essentially the same and could be even better given how much deferred demand is building up. If our proposals were down, if our tours were down, I would be more concerned. But companies are out looking at this space. And if you think nothing has changed in the last 45 or 90 days with respect to the Fed outlook, you must be reading different newspapers than I am. So I would tell you that people are just scared of pulling the trigger until the Fed gives the all clear sign with the first rate cut. So, yes, we are not instantaneous in our data transmission to us and to you, but I can assure you that you will always hear our views immediately as we form them and as we get them from the marketplace.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. It sounds like demand has been pushed out or the rebound in demand has been pushed out of a few quarters. So I was wondering what evidence do you have that would support that? And then how do we compare that to some of the proprietary metrics that you put together, which seem to indicate that things are actually pretty positive or accelerating? Thank you.
Chris Caton: Hi, Michael. Chris Caton. Thanks for the question. As we've kind of covered in the script, and I think we are pointing out here, whether it's consumer resilience as revealed by economic indicators like the labor metrics or retail sales, whether you look at our own customers and supply chain momentum as revealed by our RBI volumes through the ports and our proposal volumes. The broader economy is generating a normal amount of demand. A couple of things to consider though. One is as you can see in utilization data and in sublease space, some customers have spare capacity that they are utilizing to accommodate some of this growth. We also have these leading indicators. We needed to simply see customers convert space requirements into signed leases. So just the simple conversion of investigation into signed leasing. And indeed, we already are seeing the front edge of some leading global e-commerce companies and other retailers begin to make space. It's just not broadly yet occurring across the whole marketplace.
Tim Arndt: Yeah. The only thing I would add to that is that the effect is not uniform in all markets. And I think what's going on -- and this is a theory. This is not a fact. It's a theory, but it's based on 40 years of looking at this stuff. Southern California has over 30% share for 3PLs and the rest of the US market has a little under 20% share of 3PLs. 3PLs are serve two purposes. One, they provide outsourcing of for logistic activities, but they also create surge space. In other words, companies use 3PLs as a way of flexing up and down. So markets that have a bigger exposure to 3PLs are likely to feel the impacts of shifts in sentiment sooner than other markets on the way down and on the way up. Also, there are certain customers who have instantaneous access to sales data and activity. And I would say the e-commerce players, the big ones, have the best data on that, because they see the trends on a daily minute-by-minute basis. Those guys were early in terms of curtailing their demand. And I got to tell you, they're out there pretty aggressively and don't listen to what we say, listen to what they say in their own annual reports, in their own interviews with the press. And I think you'll see that they feel pretty confident about their business and they're a bit ahead of the curve. Now, all of this is subject to missiles not flying in the Middle East and the Fed not going crazy and God knows what else can happen in this world. So but as far as we see, the indications are really good. And this certainly does not feel like any of the other downturns that I've been part of. So again the word huge sounds a little bit of an overreaction to me.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Mailman: Hey guys. Maybe coming at this from another way, and Hamid, I know you don't like the word acute, but maybe this seems a little bit more preemptive, because if you guys are seeing a lot of the metrics in line with your budget, retention was kind of in line with where you guys have been the last couple of quarters. It feels like this is an anticipation of maybe slower takedowns that you're seeing. I mean, is there anything else on the expiration side of the equation that you guys have a couple bigger known move outs now that are going to skew numbers? I'm just trying to get a sense of how much of this is actually what you're seeing real time versus just giving yourself a little bit of cushion so that you don't have to kind of readjust later in the year. And also, just a question on development. How much of this kind of occupancy decline is just developments coming out a little bit less leased than maybe you had thought? A couple of months ago, we noticed your development margins were pretty -- were single-digit this quarter. I don't remember the last time I've seen that. And is that a reflection of this? Or is there something else going on as well?
Tim Arndt: Okay. Let me start that, and then I'll turn it over to Chris and then to Dan to talk about development margins specifically. We like to be early and thoughtful in outlooks that we share with you, and we've always prided ourselves in doing that. And in some cases in the past, as you know, you've been following us for a long time, we've taken pretty bold statements on the way up and on the way down and actually been proven pretty right about it. So for us to be late on this stuff is not something that we look forward to. So we always try to be on the lookout for trends that may be interesting to our investors and to you, who are looking at our company on a real-time basis. So I'm not smart enough to assign percentages of how much of this is preemptive and how much of it is. But I can tell you there's nothing going on in the portfolio. There's not some news embedded deep in our customer behavior or some market that we're not sharing with you. This is just looking at the tone of the marketplace and sharing with you what we see playing out in the next two to three quarters, nothing beyond that. And the outlook for the long term is very much the same as it was before. Dan, do you want to talk about the margins?
Dan Letter: Yeah. The margins this quarter, it's actually an isolated event here. We had about 15, 17 projects stabilized. We had one project that just had a confluence of events take place, whether it be weather, some infrastructure, municipal requirements. And it just came in at a pretty negative margin, weighing down the overall average margin for the quarter. If you pull that out, our margin for the quarter would actually be more reasonable 15%, 16%.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Camille Bonnel with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Camille Bonnel: Hi. Hamid, you mentioned how the company likes to be early on calling things, but I noticed that you only updated your outlook on operations and guidance. So can you help us understand how conservative guidance levels are? Or could we see more downward revisions, for example, if you start to pull back on the capital deployment front? Thank you.
Hamid Moghadam: Well, on capital deployment specifically, you may remember that I'm always saying the only reason we provide guidance is because you ask us. We actually don't have a budget or a plan for deploying capital. We look at every investment opportunity one at a time. So all our elements of our guidance. And this doesn't go for just this period. It goes for any period. I would take that one with a grain of salt. We are not afraid to deploy a lot more or a lot less capital if the market conditions warrant it. With respect to conservatism, I would say, we call it as close to the pin as we can get it with a very slight bit of conservative. Not a lot, just a bit. So that, in the majority of the cases, we are pretty confident of what we are saying, but we are not 100% confident. There could be downside beyond that. But I would say we try to call it as we see it and be careful that we don't -- we don't want to disappoint 50% of the time, which is really calling it right on the pin. We'd like to be a little more conservative than that. Now, we don't always get it right. So let's admit that.
Tim Arndt: And Camille, it's Tim, I might build on your first -- the first part of your question as well, which is that at prevailing cap rates and the cost of debt and everything else, there's very little you could actually do in deployment in the year to affect earnings in year one or two. I find that deployment changes tend to have kind of a push effect on earnings. So you should probably have that in your thinking as you watch our guidance.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Nikita Bely with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Nikita Bely: Good morning, guys. The $150 million of other real estate investments. Curious, what exactly was that on the sales? And maybe also, if you could talk about the reduction in development starts. So any color on that, geographic focus or spec or something else?
Hamid Moghadam: That's basically -- the $150 million is some non-core assets. And we could not hear the second part of your question. Could you repeat that?
Nikita Bely: Reduction in development starts for this year. Any additional information you could provide on what drove that, whether it was geographic based or asset specific or built-to-suit pullback?
Dan Letter: Yeah. Thanks. This is Dan. I'll -- I got a couple of thoughts on that point there around development starts. We adjusted our guidance on development consistent with the adjustment in the occupancy and the operating pool. So as we see demand shifting out, we just expect that we are going to start fewer buildings. We reduced it by about $0.5 billion. That's about half build-to-suit, half spec. We are raising the bar on spec. As Hamid said earlier, we put that guidance out there because you ask for it. We don't need to start these projects. We own the land. We have $38 billion worth of opportunity embedded in that land bank. We have entitlements. We have the teams. They're all geared up, ready to start. We can literally pull the trigger on $10 billion, $12 billion of that tomorrow. So we just look at that. We are just trying to be consistent and tie it to our overall outlook on demand. And there's no particular location or otherwise that we -- that drag that down.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. And the only thing I would add to that is that even though we made the adjustment on both the built-to-suit and the spec part, the bias is greater on the spec part. We actually feel pretty good about our built-to-suit volume going forward. So it's really the spec which is discretionary, and we can, as Dan said, write that at any time.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Blaine Heck: Great. Thanks. So you've called out Southern California as being soft again. Can you just talk about any specific segments of the market that are particularly weak whether that's by submarket or size? And what makes you confident in the recovery even as it seems it might be delayed kind of relative to your original expectations? And secondly, just curious if you can expand on which other high-rent markets might be weighing on the outlook. Thanks.
Chris Caton: Hey, Blaine, it's Chris Caton. Thanks for the question. So Southern California is a market that continues to soften, vacancy rates are continuing to rise, yes, after different submarkets. The softest area of Southern California is midsized and smaller units in the Inland Empire. The strongest area is probably Orange County. And Los Angeles, while subdued, has a 4% market vacancy rate, so as demand comes into that marketplace, bear in mind, demand has been negative over the last year, a very rare occurrence, as demand comes back in that marketplace, you're likely to see the vacancy rate make a difference in Los Angeles as well. In terms of other markets where we're watchful, the soft markets in the US include New Jersey, Seattle and Savannah.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. The other thing I would say about Southern California is that don't discount the effect of the port labor issue that was resolved. That took longer, a lot longer than most people thought. And that affects a lot of the people -- a lot of the users in the South Bay immediately adjacent to the ports and the like. So that market can get tight real quick if that port volume comes back. I think that the small to medium spaces in the Inland Empire are kind of a mismatch. They're, by and large, the older buildings that were built there when the market was not really designed for the big 500,000 million square foot buildings. And those are -- somebody who wants a lot of space has to go to the Inland Empire. Somebody who wants 100,000 to 200,000 feet has more choices. So that's where the softness is in the Inland Empire.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
Vince Tibone: Hi. Good morning. Could you discuss the markets of relative strength in your portfolio in terms of demand and market rents? And also, are you seeing any different levels of demand by building size, more broadly? We noticed that occupancy fell the most on a sequential basis, for buildings less than 100,000 square feet, but actually grew for buildings 250,000 to 500,000. So just curious if those trends on occupancy are kind of a fair representation of the demand profile today.
Chris Caton: Hi, Vince. It's Chris Caton here. So first, in terms of strength, there is a wide range. And speaking of the benefits of diversity, the strongest markets in the world include Mexico, Texas, parts of the Southeast US, Pennsylvania, but also looking out to the Netherlands, Germany and Brazil, Toronto as well, as a strong market. You also have stable markets, Chicago, Southern Florida, Baltimore, D.C. And then really at Southern California alone is really the main weak market. So that would be the range. In terms of size categories, what you see -- what you hear in the marketplace in terms of tours and, in fact, some leases that are getting made, is there's a bit more activity, particularly among self-performing e-com and retailers at the larger end of the spectrum. That would be the main, I'd say, new news in the last 90 days.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks and good morning. So going back to your comments about the softer environment. I'm curious if you've seen any changes in CapEx or concessions that might be -- that might not be so apparent in the headline face rents. And second question, going back to your comments on strategic capital. Where do you think cap rates are selling out at for good assets and good markets? And does that change your view on the level of contributions that you might make going forward? Thank you.
Tim Arndt: Hey, Ki Bin, it's Tim. I'll take the front half of your question just on free rent. We have seen an increase in free rent. I think what's important to remember there is we've had exceedingly low amounts of free rent granted in the last few years. And I would say the current rates that we've seen in this last quarter, and what we're bracing forward this year, would still not really be on par with long-term averages. I would say that concession is not fully back to normal. But it is turning up logically in this environment.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. In terms of where deals are being priced out, I would say nine months ago, a year ago, there was very little activity, and we were pricing deals in good markets in the US in the low nine IRRs, albeit not much was happening at those kinds of return expectations. Today, I would say those are 100 basis points lower and there's a lot more volume in that a lot of transactions happening in the marketplace in the low 8s. Europe, that number -- those numbers would be in the mid-7 IRRs. The reason I'm answering in IRR and not cap rate is that the mark-to-market in different locations is significantly vary. For example, for the same IRR, you would be a lot lower cap rate in Southern California than you would be in a market that is leased at market rents.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Tom Catherwood with BTIG. Please proceed with your question
Thomas Catherwood: Thank you and good morning, everybody. Hamid, I appreciate your comments on rates and the Fed's actions or inaction serving as the key governor of customer activity and leasing right now. But how are you seeing supply chain disruption, like in Baltimore, and geopolitical risks impacting customer behavior, if at all?
Hamid Moghadam: I don't think Baltimore has been a big deal in terms of its impact on our business. It's obviously been a big deal to the people who died in the accident and the like, but -- and to traffic patterns. But not to the customer. The customers have enough optionality that they can deal with those kinds of disruptions. I do think the geopolitical stuff has people a little wigged out, more -- definitely more than last quarter. And look at the interest rates, I mean, we're up a good 70, 80 basis points since the last time we all met. And I think that didn't happen evenly throughout the quarter. I think in the last month that sentiment has changed pretty dramatically. So I think both of those things are weighing on decisions, particularly if the decisions are discretionary. And people, when there are no choices like they were no choices in Southern California, they always lease more space than they need because they don't want to be held short. And when the opposite is and they have some choices, they take their time because they expect better deals if they wait. And that difference, even if it's minor, even if it's 5% to the upside and 5% to the downside can be a 10% swing, which are sort of the kind of numbers we're talking about here. So that's very much what happens in the short term. In the long term, demand has to match supply and they can't keep doing that forever. So now if you're going to ask me exactly what that point is, I can't really tell you. But we think it's a matter of quarters, not years.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jon Petersen with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question
Jonathan Petersen: Great. Thank you. Maybe one more question on the port of Baltimore. I know it's not a big container traffic port, but have you seen any knock-on demand show up in other East Coast markets given the dislocation that's created? And then also, maybe a part two, but I know SoCal has been weak over the past year, you've talked about that a lot, and the resets already happened. I guess I'm curious if you could help us contextualize, from where we stand today, if you compare the strength of like SoCal versus the East Coast markets like New Jersey and Pennsylvania, like from where we stand today, which one looks the best over the next year?
Chris Caton: Hey, Jon, it's Chris Caton. First on Baltimore, you're right. The container traffic there is typically 50,000 TEUs a month. The time horizon of necessary diversions is not thought to be more than a couple of months. By comparison, New York, New Jersey is a 300,000, 350,000 TEU port. And a lot of these diversions have gone to Norfolk. So you've seen some leasing in Norfolk. It's not a market where we operate. So no, there are not knock-on effects. As it relates to Southern California versus the East Coast, the SoCal market remains fluid, and I believe -- we believe it will underperform. This is a six-month, 12-month view. Naturally, New Jersey has a completely different set of factors as it relates to rent growth that it's experienced over the last several years in terms of the level of demand that we see in that marketplace as well as sublease trends. Now it's not the moment to get bullish on New Jersey. Let's see the port agreement, the IOI port agreement get made. But over time, both will be very strong performers after this period of fluidity and uncertainty.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. The way I would answer that question is that if you limit it to the next 12 months, I would go PA, New Jersey, SoCal. And if you ask me for the longer term, I would go SoCal, New Jersey, PA. And I would put all three of them in the upper 1/3 of markets across cycles. Maybe the upper 20% of markets across cycles.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question
Ronald Kamdem: Hey, good morning. Just hoping we could put some numbers on the soft demand that you seem to be messaging. So previously you were forecasting 1.5% of stock of net absorption this year. I'm just wondering what that number has shifted to given what's happened over the past 30 to 45 days. And if you can tie in where you see sort of availability rates and next 12-month market rent growth. Thanks.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. Let me take -- we have taken demand down for this year internally from 250 million feet in the US to 175 million, and fundamentally have kept demand at the same level going forward. What we debated that we were going to do is whether we add the 75 million that we missed this year into the subsequent two years, and that's where the bid and ask is in our shop. And we're not clairvoyant, so that's -- I'm just giving you the range of how we think about it. Now you answer the second part of your question, Chris.
Chris Caton: Yes. As it relates to market vacancies, we look at vacancies, not availabilities. Availability is a range between 150 and 250 basis points above these figures, depending on the cycle. We have vacancies peaking in the mid-6s later this year. So that's up about 20, 30 basis points versus what we discussed last year. I think what's important to understand in the cycle is the recovery potential in 2025 related to each of the constituent pieces. Hamid walked you through the demand picture. But what's important to recognize is the supply picture. That was a big factor over the last year, 18 months. And the meaningful falloff in supply is marked. It's off 80% from peak. It's off about 1/3 from pre-COVID levels. So we're talking about 35 million square feet of starts in the first quarter. That annualizes to about 160 million, 170 million square feet. So you're going to actually see this snap later this year and into next year, and those vacancy rates moving noticeably down, likely to move noticeably down from mid-6s towards 5% over the course of next year.
Hamid Moghadam: One other thing I would -- your response has triggered this. Vacancy rates do not linearly affect pricing power. I think when you're operating under 5%, you've got a lot of pricing power. Now whether that's 2% or 3%, doesn't matter. You have a lot of pricing power. And even though you might have two customers that really need the space, four are looking for the space because they just don't want to be cut short down the road. So it just sort of feeds on itself. When the market gets to sort of around 6%, you're at equilibrium. When it gets too much above that, you get into a soft market. And that's a macro analysis, obviously, you've got to apply that market to market in each situation. But that's the way we look at it. We don't think we're getting into those levels of vacancy that we've seen in other cycles, even during the good times. The worst that we're projecting in this period is almost as good as the best we've seen in other cycles. So that's a key distinction. And we've just been spoiled by market in three years where vacancies have been lower than they've ever been. And I think you've heard me say at times that, if the normal range of a market is 1 to 10, we've been operating in a 12, 13, and more recently, I've said we're in an 8 or 9. And today, I would say we're in probably 6.5, 7.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question
John Kim: Thank you. I just wanted to get some additional color on the weaker net absorption due to tenants becoming more cost conscious. I'm wondering if this test-the-thesis that industrial rent is somewhat inelastic given it's a small portion of the overall transport and logistics costs? And also, where are tenants going in your view? Are they simply not expanding, or are they downsizing or going to less expensive markets or submarkets?
Hamid Moghadam: So we've actually tried to test that theory by looking at whether Southern California's loss has translated into an equal gain in adjacent markets like Vegas and Phoenix. And the answer is, while absorption has increased in those markets, it doesn't fully account for the drop-off in Southern California. So some of that demand has just been deferred. And the question is when will deferred demand convert to real demand. And that's the $64 million question. Is it one quarter? Is it two quarters? Is it three quarters? Don't know. We think it's a couple of quarters. But it will happen. And particularly the port coming back, that part accounts for over 30% of imports in the US, and it's been basically down. So we think it's going to -- that's going to have a dramatic effect. Now we may have missed it already for this Christmas season, I don't know. But certainly, next year, that market is going to come back absent a recession or some kind of geopolitical blow-up.
Tim Arndt: And John, I might just add, I guess, the way you're putting the equation together, it is what we see that, yes, the rate environment causes this consternation. But as Chris has been highlighting in a number of his answers, as we look at where utilization sits and some of the capacity that's available, it's just the first place that customers can look in terms of finding a way to continue to operate in the short term. That would ostensibly end, and we'll watch for that as utilization rises, and that's what would add to new demand.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks for taking the question. Just two quick ones. First of all, just on the three-year outlook. So it sounds like you're saying '24 is a bit lower than you predicted, '25 and '26 is similar. Does that essentially mean the three-year outlook is kind of adjusted down somewhat? And then secondly, just to be -- just to give us some numbers. I think what you were saying is the rest of the market rent growth is now, I guess, flattish, but SoCal is down. Do you mind just putting some more numbers on that? Like just how much is SoCal down Q-over-Q or year-over-year versus what other markets in the US are doing? Thanks.
Tim Arndt: Hey, Vikram, it's Tim. We're not calling anything on '25 and '26. In my prepared remarks -- or maybe I should say, I think our view would be that our views are upheld. And what I tried to highlight in the opening remarks is that if we get to a little bit lower average occupancy this year, recognizing that our three-year forecast called for a more normalized level of occupancy in the end anyway, that's where this concept of, well, maybe the adjustment to same-store from an occupancy change is coming a bit more this year than it would otherwise next year. But right now, we would hold out our view for '25 and '26 in terms of aggregate NOI and same store. Now rent change in this very immediate term, I'm sorry, market rent growth is a little bit below expectations. That will have some effect, but that will be relatively muted through same-store over the period.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. Let's just put some numbers since you asked on it. I think in the Analyst Day, we talked about a three-year forecast for '24, '25 and '26 rental growth of -- sorry, 4% to 6%. I would say we're at the lower end of that range and maybe a little bit lower than that when you look at it over a three-year period. My number, and this is not the official number, my number would be north of 3% and around 4% probably, just shy of 4%.
Chris Caton: And then just on the detailed question on what's happening in market rent growth in the first quarter. Southern California, down 6%, and US down about 1%, 1.2%. So when you multiply it through, you can see all other markets are flat.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Nicholas Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question
Nicholas Yulico: Yeah, hi. I was just hoping to get a feel for, again, going back to the occupancy guidance, if there's a way that you can give us a feel for how much decline in new leasing commencements you have been embedded in the number this year. Because it sounds like the retention ratios have been better, so leasing velocity on the new side seems subdued. You talked about that leasing demand forecast being down, I think it was 30% on the numbers you gave, the 250 million to 175 million in the US. How much is like new leasing in the portfolio going to be down this year for the guidance?
Tim Arndt: Well, this is Tim. I'll give it to you in this way. And this might help some of the folks who have struggled looking at the supplemental and some of the stats there, and our messaging. Because what you don't see in the supplemental would be things like, well, how much lease signing occurred in the first quarter. And that was down. Even though you see strong occupancy, that's on commencements, signings were off about 12% in the first quarter. So that's down. You can see that when you look through our pages in our leasing versus occupied statistic where there's only about a 10 basis point difference in those versus a more historical norm of 40 to 50 basis points. So those are the pieces a little bit underneath the surface that are guiding our view that the pre-leasing that we're normally looking for at this point, which is ranging four to six months ahead of commencements is shy and why we think the average occupancy is ultimately going to be lower.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question
Todd Thomas: Hi. Thanks. Two questions. I guess, first, can you discuss your rent change expectations for the full year and whether anything has changed there as it pertains to the revisions to your outlook? And it looked like rent change on signings was trending in the low 70% range through February, which was higher than the rent change in the quarter. I guess, any thoughts about rent change -- trends relative to this quarter and for the year? And then my second question, in terms of the occupancy breakout by unit size and your comments about larger and smaller spaces earlier in the call, do you expect a recovery later in the year to be broad-based from a space or unit size? Or do you expect to see more strength or maybe more persistent weakness in either the larger or smaller unit size as conditions tighten up in a few quarters?
Tim Arndt: Hey, Todd, it's Tim. Yes. On rent change, so as mentioned, we had 67% start in the quarter. The signings were 70. So you do get a sense that it can move up and down each quarter. You may also recall, we had very strong rent change on signings in Q4, which may leave you wondering why didn't that show up here in Q1 on the commencements? And that's speaking to just how long this pre-leasing period can be. It can be more than just three months. And for that reason, I expect we'll probably see rent change right now, my view would be it's going to be above Q1, in Q2, and then also higher on the full year, in the low to mid-70s, over 2024 is our current view.
Chris Caton: As it relates to the contours, I think I'd first point you to the market color that was given earlier as illustrating the shape of the recovery going forward. As it pertains to different size categories, there is more vacancy and more availability in the over 500,000 category, but that's also where, in the last 90 days, we've seen a little bit of a pickup. So I think we'll see size categories advancing at a similar pace over the course of the year, and there'll be real differentiation across the different markets.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street. Please proceed with your question
Vince Tibone: Hi. Thanks for the follow up. I was just curious, are you seeing any other landlords gain to offer more free rent or tenant allowances to try to attract tenants to their vacancies?
Hamid Moghadam: A really interesting question. So this is what has really surprised me from this cycle. We are getting calls from merchant developers that have had financing, have completed projects and are getting panicked. And for us to look at those opportunities. Boy, we're looking at those opportunities. Because that's where a good balance sheet and that's where being on your front foot is all about. I think there were a lot of people in this business that thought, we'll just get some financing at zero cost and throw up some buildings and it will lease. And I think that's what accounted for some of that over-exuberance on the development side. And I think we're going to end up being beneficiaries of that, and I'm seeing that real time. So, yes, I think people who are merchant developers and do not have the financial wherewithal are acting in a somewhat distressed way sooner than I would have guessed. And we're happy about that.
Hamid Moghadam: So that was the last question, Vince. So with that, I want to thank you for your interest. And this is part of a long story and we'll be there next quarter to tell you about the following chapters of it. Take care. Bye-bye.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-17 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Prologis Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce to you, Jill Sawyer, SVP with Investor Relations. Thank you, Jill. You may begin.
Jill Sawyer: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2023 earnings call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. Actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or other SEC filings. Additionally, our fourth quarter earnings press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. I'd like to welcome Tim Arndt, our CFO, who will cover results, real-time market conditions and guidance. Hamid Moghadam, our CEO and our entire executive team are also with us today. With that, I'll hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Arndt: Thanks, Jill. I'd like to start our call by recognizing and thanking our team for the incredible effort given over 2023. While it was a turbulent year in many ways, we ended it by delivering nearly 11% earnings growth and driving our 12-year earnings CAGR since merger to 10.3%. We deployed over $7 billion into new investments, raised nearly $2 billion of strategic capital in a very challenging environment and delivered excellent operating results while serving and growing customer relationships. We're also appreciative of the opportunity we had at our Investor Forum last month to share our vision and outlook for the company over the coming years. The environment is setting up in line or better than our expectations with development starts across the market continuing to decline by two-thirds from peak and an improvement in customer sentiment that appears more constructive than just 90 days ago. That said, we still see challenges in some submarkets as near-term outsized deliveries are met with still recovering demand. But our thesis remains the same as we've been describing for over a year and detailed last month in New York, which is that the supply cliff will converge with normalized demand later this year, delivering an environment conducive to strong market rent growth. We believe that annual market rent growth will average between 4% and 6% over the next three years, with 2024 being modestly positive and ramping thereafter. Turning to our results. We finished the year strong with quarterly core FFO, excluding promotes of $1.29 per share, bringing the full year to the top end of our guidance $5.10 per share. While market occupancy declined by approximately 100 basis points, our portfolio gained 10 basis points to end the year at 97.6%. Net effective rent change over the quarter was 74%, bringing the full year to a record of 77%, with another impressive results out of Southern California at over 150%, a reminder that it remains the strongest market for cash flow growth despite near-term choppiness given the large quantum of its lease mark-to-market. In the end, same-store on a net effective basis was 7.8%, while cash was 8.5%. We started over $2 billion of new developments in the quarter across 46 projects in 27 markets with nearly 50% of the activity in build-to-suit. In Energy and as seen in our new supplemental disclosure, we stand at year end with approximately 515 megawatts of solar and storage in operation with an additional 70 currently under construction. We had a quiet quarter on the financing front, raising approximately $300 million, but our full year of activity closed out at over $12 billion at a weighted average rate of 4.5% and term of 10 years. Our total debt portfolio remains at an overall in-place rate of just 3% with more than nine years of average remaining life. Turning to market conditions. The increase in fourth quarter market vacancy was in line with our expectations and driven by demand that remained moderate as customers exercised caution in their spending, while completions hit an all-time high. Development starts, however, have continued to fall across the U.S. and Europe, extending and deepening the future supply shortfall. On the ground, our teams are seeing revived customer interest with healthy showing activity to start the year. This includes build-to-suit inquiries, which we expect to remain active for Prologis following a strong year in 2023. Our proprietary metrics point to normal levels of activity with proposals and gestation timing in line or a bit better than historical norms. Utilization declined in the quarter to approximately 83% and keeping with this morning's report a decrease in the inventory to sales ratio. We view this positively because utilization also increased from here as stronger than expected retail sales over the fourth quarter and holiday season drove lower inventories, which will need to be replenished. Turning to market rents. Our global view is that rents declined this quarter by 90 basis points, but predominantly impacted by an estimated 7% decline in Southern California. Our full year view is that global market rents grew by 6%, just below our expectations, ultimately driving our lease mark-to-market to end the quarter at 57% after capturing approximately $100 million in realized NOI growth from leases rolling up to market. The outlier on rent growth is clearly Southern California. While our portfolio was only 2.6% vacant at year end, growing availability has made leasing very competitive. Combined with a 110% increase in rents since 2020, the rent retracement is understandable. Historically, there has never been a market where the delta between expiring and market rents has been so large that it provides ample room for property owners to deviate from market in order to attract customers. But looking ahead, the positive news is that we are launching two trends reverse. The first is that the supply pipeline is clearly emptying with little in the way of new starts. And the second is that the escalating issues in both the Suez and Panama canals together with the resolution of the West Coast labor negotiations are moving shipment volumes back to the West. While this bodes well for SoCal and still early, we are watching East Coast port markets more closely. In any event, all of these disruptions are reiterating the underlying need for resiliency and the just in case approach to inventories. Summing this all up globally, we recognize the high volume of near term deliveries that need to be absorbed into our markets over the next few quarters. But we are very pleased with our ability thus far to build occupancy, drive rents, and illustrate more differentiation in our portfolio as market vacancy grows. As for Strategic Capital and Valuations, we saw U.S. values decline approximately 5.5% during the quarter, which was our expectation and the reason we paused our appraisal based activity, which includes calling and redeeming capital as well as asset contributions. We run an industry leading franchise in which we aim to set the standard for governance, including timely, accurate, and independent valuations. Calling out when pronounced lags and valuations emerge has protected investors and demonstrated how we stand apart as a responsible partner. With this quarter's value declines in a more stabilized rate environment, we'll resume activity in USLF including the funding of our $250 million commitment announced in the second half of '23. Turning to guidance and all at our share. In terms of operating metrics, we are guiding average occupancy to range between 96.5% and 97.5% with occupancy likely to step down in the first quarter and rebuild over the course of the year. Cash same-store will range between 8% and 9% and net effective same-store growth will range from 7% to 8%. We are forecasting net G&A to range between $420 million and $440 million and Strategic Capital income to range from $530 million to $550 million. We have a very big year of stabilization activity ahead of us with a range of $3.6 billion to $4 billion, and expected yields of approximately 6.25%. On the new deployment front, we are guiding development starts to range between $3 billion and $3.5 billion with the estimated build to suit mix of 40%. And we plan to take sale portfolios to the market over the year with expected proceeds to range between $800 million and $1.2 billion and additionally forecast $1.75 billion to $2.25 billion in contributions to our Strategic Capital vehicles. In the end, we are forecasting GAAP earnings to range between $3.20 and $3.45 per share. Core FFO excluding promotes will range from $5.50 to $5.64 per share, while core FFO including net promote expense will range between $5.42 and $5.56 per share, each a bit higher than our preliminary guidance at the Investor Forum. While we do not forecast any promote revenue at this time, there are some small opportunities that do exist in FIBRA Prologis and our new PJLF vehicle in Japan. In closing, we know that the market is not yet out of the woods with regards to incoming supply, but the combination of a stronger backdrop continued low level of starts and a calmer capital markets environment has us optimistic that 2024 will be another great year. As you know from our Investor Day, we have many initiatives in flight designed to add value beyond our real estate and because of our real estate. We look forward to continuing to execute on our plan and providing you updates throughout the year. And before we move to Q&A, I'd like to get ahead of questions which have grown a little more frequent in recent quarters surrounding market rent growth. Unintentionally, we set an expectation that we could forecast market rents to a single point of accuracy in increasingly short time periods, and honestly, we're just not that good. We've gotten away from a practice that was originally aimed at being high level and directional. So what we've elected to do in order to help investors without perpetuating the issue is to simply provide high level rent growth expectations on a rolling 12 month forward view. As mentioned earlier, in terms of our three year CAGR of 4% to 6%, we believe we'll see modestly positive rent growth aligned with inflation over the next 12 months and we'll continue to update this rolling view on our future calls. With that, we will now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Tom Catherwood with BTIG. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas Catherwood: Excellent. Thank you. Kind of, maybe taking a look at your leasing spreads, obviously very strong performance during the quarter, but also a big spread between Prologis share and the kind of overall portfolio performance, which suggests a stronger performance out of the U.S. Going forward in the '24, are you expecting this gap in performance to tighten at all or should the U.S. continue to lead the way as far as spreads go this year?
Tim Arndt: I'll take that. I think, Tom, that it will actually be relatively similar. There's a pretty long tail on how the lease mark-to-market is going to affect quarterly rent change. It will sustain for quite a while in other words. And since it's much more pronounced in the U.S. than anywhere else in the world, I would expect we do see that continue to stay wide.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey, just two quick ones from me. So one, we've been looking at a lot of the broker reports talking about rising availability rates. You guys have flagged it as well. So just curious what you guys are seeing in sort of the Sun Belt markets versus sort of the Coastal. And if that's trending sort of in line or with your expectations and so forth, would be the first. Thanks.
Chris Caton: Hey. It's Chris Caton. I'll take that. So the year is -- or the year closed out with market vacancy rates at mid-5%, just like Tim described, and the vacancy rates remained lower on the coast, excuse me, so both East Coast and West Coast and higher in the Sun Belt. What we are seeing as it relates to pricing is there was better pricing, better rent growth in the Sun Belt markets outperforming the Coast in 2023.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. And if I could just follow up on the market rent growth comment. I think you said, rolling 12 months sort of inflationary plus or minus. So, clearly, that's implying sort of an acceleration in '25 and '26, as supply comes down to that. Is that sort of how you guys are thinking about it?
Tim Arndt: That's exactly right.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Mailman: Great. Thanks. Two quick ones here. I guess, first question would be, could you guys just go through what the uptick in property improvements in the CapEx section were? There's a pretty big jump in 4Q versus prior quarters. And then just second, Tim, you had kind of touched on this that tenant sentiment is improving here and there may be better traffic going back to the West Coast with everything going on the Red Sea, and the realization that just in case maybe a more prudent inventory method. But I'm just kind of curious because big tenant leasing has been kind of slower over the last 12 months to 18 months. Are you seeing any early green shoots on that improving as you guys are talking with customers?
Tim Arndt: Yeah. I'll take the first part here, Craig. On the CapEx, if you take a look at the supplemental, I'd first start by widening out on overall CapEx before staring at property improvements and there is just a good example here of the need to look at annual or trailing numbers as this can be a pretty volatile number quarterly. Here, you can see on the full year as a percentage of our NOI, we are about 14%, roughly 15% the prior year. And yeah, focusing in on property improvements, I'd suggest the same that you have to look at a trailing basis. We do tend to see higher levels of property improvement activity in the fourth quarter, just by nature. But we are catching up on the full year. You can see we averaged $0.12 on the year versus the $0.21 that we had in the quarter. So that's really just a timing issue. One more thing that you can see here is the year-over-year averaged on that basis $0.12 versus the prior year $0.10, and I'd explain that differential as just some inflationary piece. And then, the second would be some deferred maintenance and work that we're executing on the Duke portfolio.
Dan Letter: And maybe -- this is Dan. Craig, on the second part of your question related to tenant sentiment, I would say, at the Investor Day, we had talked about a marginally better tenant sentiment from the Q3 earnings call. And I would say, it's even marginally better than that in the last 30 days. This is fueled by our healthy proposal volumes. Customer dialogs have been strong. 45% of our available space is in discussion right now with active proposals. We've anecdotally had just a number of conversations with our customer-led solutions group. Our build-to-suit conversations are improving as well. Our overall build-to-suit pipeline has grown quarter-over-quarter. So, whether that be some of the issues related to the Red Sea issues and the Canal issues or not, I think Chris will have some comments on that.
Chris Caton: Yeah. I'll just go further, Craig, as it relates to port activity. We went out on a limb in September with the published research report calling for recovery in market share and that is really, really playing out in the port activities. In November, West Coast ports were up 24% year-on-year, inbound shipments are up even more and that will translate to leasing over time.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi. Good morning, team. Tim, earlier you mentioned how development starts are down maybe two-thirds from the peak, and that you're seeing little in terms of new starts broadly. When we look at your own build-to-suit split of development, it is up year-over-year and then that earlier question just on customer sentiment. So, I guess, combining all of those pieces, how do you think that impacts your decision to do spec development versus build-to-suit over the course of this year?
Dan Letter: Caitlin, this is Dan. I'll respond here. A few thoughts for you. First of all, we started just over $1 billion worth of spec in the fourth quarter. So, we had talked over the last several quarters about the decline in starts in the marketplace and that's when we wanted to come out of the gate here with some starts and that's what you're seeing us do right now. We have a pretty healthy guidance here for the 2024 starts, at owned and managed of about $4 billion. And if you think about it, that's 25 million square feet or so of starts that we could be doing this year. And we have a development portfolio right now of about 50 million square feet. So, we've got an appetite for spec. Our build-to-suit volume we think is going to shake out in that 40% range as we've projected. And then keep in mind, we talked about this plenty at the Investor Day, we have $40 billion worth of opportunities in our land bank. And we have the ability to make decisions on a quarterly basis where we're going to build. We own this land in 50 markets around the globe, 300 different sites. So, plenty of opportunities there.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks, and good morning. I just wanted to touch on the development start guidance of $3 billion plus this year. Can you just help us break that down versus -- so traditional industrial versus like data centers or other property types? And does the pre-lease percentage that you're expecting differ a whole lot? And sorry to add a third here, typically, how long would the data center developments take to cash flow?
Dan Letter: Sure. Ki Bin, this is Dan, I'll hit that. First of all, we gave some guidance on our data center business 30 days ago at Investor Day. We talked about over the next five years, 20 or so opportunities, 3 gigawatts of data centers, $7 billion to $8 billion worth of investment. Those numbers have not changed. As a matter of fact, one thing we couldn't disclose at Investor Day was, we started over $500 million worth of data centers in the fourth quarter alone. You won't see us guide to data centers. These are very lumpy deals. And if you think about our data center opportunities, we own over 5,500 buildings. We own or control over 12,000 acres globally. So we have one of the most important components of data centers. We control the land, right? We talked about power applications at Investor Day. We talked about a number below 50, that number is now approaching 60. Our team is very active growing that data center pipeline. Then the third component of it would be customers and we're talking to the big hyperscalers on a regular basis. And we think it's prudent for us to be careful on how we project out what our data center volume will be because there is a competitive nature to this as well. We're negotiating with these customers and we think it's important for us. So we will absolutely share with you, when these projects are on the horizon. But right now, our start volume is largely industrial. And then keep in mind, our data centers business is a part of our long -- higher and better use business we're going to build. We're going to merchant build these and we're going to recycle that capital into the business we love so much which is logistics.
Tim Arndt: Yeah. So your question about how long it will take them to cash flow and there is a wider range than traditional industrial. But I would say on kind of powered shell, it's more in the 12 month to 15 month range from start. And on turnkey, depending on who does it and whether the customer does it or we do it, it could be longer than that by about a year, because since the installations are pretty complicated to get these going. But all of that is built into the budgets and the economics of the transaction. And this point that Dan made on the negotiating posture is really important. I mean, the last thing we want to do, there are four or five customers out there and it's pretty obvious given the scale of the numbers they can figure out which project is in our guidance for the next quarter if we wanted to go in that direction, and that basically reduces our leverage. So we're just not going to do that.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jay Poskitt with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Jay Poskitt: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I was wondering, if you could just provide a little bit of commentary on the supply and demand trends over the next couple of quarters. You previously said that you think deliveries will outpace demand for the next couple of quarters and then the inverse will happen after that. So just any update on that would be great.
Chris Caton: Hi, Jay. It's Chris Caton. So we project 250 million square feet of net absorption in the calendar year and 285 million square feet of completions. And yeah, that's going to be front-end loaded, particularly on the supply side. And so we think you'll see the vacancy rate rise by another 50 basis points to 75 basis points here in the first half of the year, peaking at 6% maybe 6.1%, and then making a meaningful move through the subsequent rest of the year and into 2025 and 2026 based on the trend in starts that we've profiled for you.
Tim Arndt: Let me just punctuate that, the vacancy rates will go up through the second quarter. So don't be surprised by that. But we're pretty confident they'll come back down after that.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Nicholas Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Nicholas Yulico: Thanks. I just wanted to go back to the space utilization comment you made, Tim, about feeling that at this point retailers like we have to restock inventories. So this is actually a good sign where space utilization is. I guess, I'm wondering, if you could give us some reminder sort of seasonally how this may play out historically in terms of leasing demand picking up from 3PL or retailers because of that issue of restocking? And then, as well in terms of the lease proposals picking up in the fourth quarter, if you had any benefit already from that industry, or even anecdotally, you could talk a little bit about the discussions there. Thanks.
Tim Arndt: Yeah. So the easy way of thinking about this is -- is this -- basically absorption and demand for our product follows a one, two, three, four scenario, as you move through the quarters, it's back end loaded towards the fourth quarter. And that's historically been the relationship because so much of the activity occurs in the fourth quarter and so much of that activity would have been based on anticipation laid earlier in terms of the Christmas season, so much of the sales are in the Christmas season, that volatility is the most in the fourth quarter. This year, our retail sales and in particular e-com sales were better than people's expectations. And the retailers were cut short in '21, they were a little overstocked in '22 and now they were back to being very careful with inventories. So they got cut in short of inventories again. That's why utilization is done. They're schizophrenic. They always have too much or too little. You can never get it right. And the good news is that this Christmas season was stronger than everybody anticipated. It's going to take for that to work its way back to normal.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Blaine Heck: Great. Thanks. Can you just talk broadly about valuations in cap rates? And given the continued movement in the 10 year, I guess, do you think that pricing is adjusted correctly or could we see continued volatility in the near term? And I guess does that potential volatility present you with any investment opportunities?
Tim Arndt: Yeah. We don't think the real pricing and real returns have really changed because a return expectation should have been higher six months ago because the higher treasury rates. But nobody was trading based on those higher return requirements. So nothing really happened. So it was a theoretical decline in values. I think with the treasuries now having come down, I know they've gone up a little bit just most recently, but net-net, they're down. I think the reality is the expectations of the market participants and the theoretical pricing of assets is converging. Bottom line, we think we're seeing the near bottom valuations, both in the U.S. and Europe. And I think with this level of stability and sort of bottom forming, you'll see more volume coming through in terms of real deals.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Another supply demand question, but just as we think about the cliff of new deliveries coming online, it sounds like that, that drops off in the second quarter. Is there an extended period of time where we're going to need to lease these up? And so the inflection when supply gets better and then combined with what you're seeing on the demand side, does that mean that -- does that happen through the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, or is that kind of happening just as soon as the deliveries slow? Thanks.
Chris Caton: Hi. It's Chris. So I'll start off by offering, look, the vacancy rate is going to go up to 6%. Hamid and I are very clear or the whole team is clear on that. Bear in mind that's a very low level in the context of history. And so, yes, it will take -- there'll be time for vacancy to decline to soak up that availability, but it's going from a low level to an even lower level. So it's a bit like the vacancy rate is going to go from 6%, it's going to move to 5.5% and likely to 5%, given the supply cliff that we see.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Camille Bonnel with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Camille Bonnel: Hi. Good morning. Your outlook for development stabilizations is quite positive despite the supply environment remaining elevated for the first half of this year. So could you just expand on what the expected timing is around for this? And then, if you can just follow up a little bit more on your comments around tenant inventory. What are they telling you in terms of how they plan to adapt to any persisting disruption around East Coast ports? Thank you.
Dan Letter: Camille, this is Dan. I'll start with your question on stabilization. It is a big year on stabilizations for us. We actually started the year out with some good news. Late December, we actually pulled in for stabilizations that we had expected to happen in the first quarter of 2024. But overall, the timing of those stabilizations, it's spread out pretty well throughout the year. And one number I would just point to is, that 2024 stabilization volume is 46% leased already, which is actually 300 basis points, 400 basis points above the average at this point over the last several years.
Chris Caton: Hey, Camille. It's Chris. I want to jump in on the disruption of the ports. We are really just now seeing the diversions, as it relates to disruptions in both Panama and the Red Sea and Suez. And so, it's a bit early for us to see real medium term leasing decisions in response to these disruptions. But number one is the clarification or the ratification of the labor agreement on the West Coast is providing a clear landscape for decision making and engines of growth are beginning to kick in in Southern California.
Dan Letter: Let me make that point a little stronger. I think all this concern about LA is over, and it hasn't shown up in the numbers yet, but it will in the next six months. So, I don't think we'll be sitting here on calls like this worrying about LA and its absorption. Now, will we worry about something else? I'm sure we will. I don't know whether that's going to be the East Coast or Houston or whatever. But yeah, I mean, you've seen two big movements. It's not just Suez, it's also Panama Canal and the water issues there. And the expense of shipping stuff through the canal is leading to more reversion back to the normal way of doing it, which is getting it to LA and then land, bridging it over, but there could be other disruptions. It could be something can blow up in the Persian Gulf. So it's very hard to predict those things. The big message is this, we can spend a lot of time guessing as to what the share of West Coast is, East Coast is, all of that. The point is, people thought COVID was the big unknown factor. And now that COVID is over, the world is going to go back to a stable, predictable, just in time type of inventory strategy. I think each one of these things, whether it's Panama, whether it's Suez, whether it's -- or in the Middle East, whether it's something in the Persian Gulf, will remind people that they generally need to have a more conservative inventory strategy. And that's the big long term driver which is going to be a tailwind for demand that we haven't really seen play out just yet. We're pretty confident that will.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Mueller: Yeah. Hi. Do your comments about seeing revived customer interest apply to big-box leasing as well?
Tim Arndt: Yeah. In fact, I would say, some of the largest customers that we talk to, are to -- use an overused word. There are definitely some green shoots. Their posture is changing from that of let's hold off. And they've held off as long as they can because they're building out their networks, particularly on the e-com side. And I think given that the economy hasn't tanked like everybody thought it would a year and a half ago, I think they're tiptoeing out there, and with the first couple of doing it, I think the rest will follow. So, I think, yeah, the big-box guys are coming out of the shadows and taking up some space again.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John Kim: Thank you. On your commentary on Southern California coming -- rents coming down 7%. Can you give the same color on New York, New Jersey? That's a market you've seen a larger decline sequentially in occupancy, and not you're discussing issues with port volumes and the canals.
Tim Arndt: We are not going to get into quarterly rent forecast and we're not going to get into market-by-market forecast. We run a 1.2 billion square foot business. And I think we already, in terms of a company of our size and disclosure and details, are definitely in the 99th percentile. And we just don't have that ability. So we're not going to put some numbers out there that we can't be certain of. So, if you don't mind just let's stay away from that fine level of dissection beyond our ability.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Nick Thillman with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Nicholas Thillman: You guys touched on a little bit on the [Technical Difficulty]. At your Investor Forum, you kind of mentioned that you expected ex-U.S. to outperform U.S. in a market rent growth standpoint. It's still -- is that still the case? And then maybe could you just highlight some markets that you're a little bit more incrementally positive on over the last 30 days of activity? Thanks.
Chris Caton: Hi. It's Chris. Yeah. Indeed, we saw international outperform in the fourth quarter. Our view is that it'll outperform in 2024. And there are wide range of international markets that are enjoying really strong market rent growth. Latin America, both Brazil and Mexico. Turning to Europe, probably Northern Europe is the strongest, and then here in North America, Toronto is a market that's also enjoying outsized growth.
Tim Arndt: Yeah. UK is outperforming too.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Vikram Malhotra: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Just two quick ones. So, just first of all going back, Chris, I guess to your comment around 250 million in demand, if I heard that correctly in '24. Can you just give us what's the actual number in '23, you're comparing that to? And with your leading indicators just how long does the -- do the leading indicator sort of take in terms of conversion to leases? So, that's just the first one to understand the comparison of the trajectory. And then second, do you mind just giving us some specifics on what you're baking in for numbers for cash rent spreads and where portfolio mark-to-market is? Thank you.
Chris Caton: Hey. It's Chris. Thanks for the question, Vikram. I'll take the first one. So, 250 million square feet of net absorption in 2024 compared to 192 million square feet of net absorption in 2023. And we consult a wide range of leading indicators, some of which are contemporary and some that have a nine months to 12-month lease.
Tim Arndt: Vikram, I'll take on the -- excuse me, it's Tim, on the lease mark-to-market. I'll just say again, I don't particularly value the cash view of the lease mark-to-market. I think it's fraught with a few issues. But to answer the question, we saw that 49% at the end of the year. And I would expect, we've seen a pretty wide divergence in cash to net effective of rent spreads because of a few things, the absolute level rents has been so high and the bumps has been pretty large around 4% as you've known. So the roughtly...
Chris Caton: And also Duke.
Tim Arndt: Duke is a factor as well, of course. So, the roughly 20, 25 points that we've been seeing lately, I expect we'll see mostly continue into next year.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Todd Thomas: Hi, thanks. Just wanted to ask about capital deployment, two questions actually. First, can you talk a little bit more about the acquisition pipeline today and whether you are seeing an increase in seller interest to transact more deals coming to market and more product hitting the market? And then second, the spread between stabilized yields and cap rates for both development stabilizations and new starts narrowed in the quarter, can you talk a little bit about that trend in spreads and what we might expect in '24, particularly as you move forward? Just given the mix of build-to-suits in spec developments and some of the higher and better-use projects that you're ramping up on.
Dan Letter: Todd, this is Dan. I'll respond to your questions here. First of all, yes, is the quick answer to your first part of the question regarding the acquisition pipeline. Our teams are out there, turning over every stone, but it was a low-volume year in the marketplace last year and I expect that to be much, much higher this year. So, very strong acquisition pipeline. And then spreads on the stabilized yields in our development portfolio, yeah, we've been talking for the last several quarters about that tightening. I remember five, six quarters ago talking about cap rate expansion and that spread tightening and what that would do to impact overall development portfolio. And that really just has to do with the cost of capital, volatile capital markets and who knows where that's going to go from here. It's certainly going to have something to do with the tenure and what the tenure does and the volatility in the capital markets. But overall, we build in forward risk in our overall development portfolio for the numbers that you actually see in that spread. Go ahead, Tim.
Chris Caton: Yeah. I'll just highlight, I think if we look at the development portfolio, see the margin they are estimated at 22. Historically, that's still a very good margin. And under conservative, underwriting assumptions, I would remind everybody we've got an inflated cost to carry. And there we've got longer lease-up times and things that we expect that will be. So I am pretty confident will be several points above that estimated margin anyway.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Carroll: Yeah. Thanks. I guess, maybe Chris, can you provide some color on tenants' mindsets to adding more inventory? I mean, is it fair to say that tenants, or at least some tenants have delayed these decisions over the past year, just due to the macro uncertainty? And what does this change may have customer discussions changed at all given the holiday season that you kind of highlighted and how they didn't have enough inventory levels. I mean, has that been changing, are they ready to make those investments today?
Chris Caton: Hey, Mike. It's Chris. I think you might have answered your own question, totally agree with the sentiment in the direction you're taking it. And there's likely to be a different posture going forward. And then I'd also look, propose that you can also reach out to them and get their feedback.
Tim Arndt: Yeah. I bet you that answer is, they have no idea. I mean, it's just been since 16 days, right? 16, 17 days since the end of the year. Many of them haven't even added up their numbers and I think those guys don't come out with earnings releases until much later. So with Michael's question, that was the last one. I wanted to thank you for not only this call but also attending our Investor Day, we got a lot of great feedback from you and we'll make these things better and better over time and look forward to talking to you next quarter, if not before. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-17 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to the Prologis Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Jill Sawyer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Jill. You may begin.
Jill Sawyer: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. Id like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as managements beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or other SEC filings. Additionally, our third quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. Id like to welcome Tim Arndt, our CFO, who will cover results, real-time market conditions and guidance. Hamid Moghadam, our CEO and our entire executive team are also with us today. With that, I will hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Arndt: Thanks Jill. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining our call. The third quarter marked a continuation of themes we have been anticipating for more than a year, namely; growing supply translating to increased market vacancy; continued moderation of demand; and market rent growth that will slow until the low levels of new starts drive reduced availability over-time. We have operated in accordance with these views in both our approach to leasing, as well as timing of new development. Whats incremental to our forecast is that continued hawkish posture from central banks and the impact its had on rates is delaying decision-making and willingness to take expansion space early. The geopolitical backdrop has clearly become more troubling as well amounting to a lack of clarity that will likely weigh on demand. In the meantime, and also playing out to our expectations is that our existing lease mark-to-market will drive durable earnings growth as it did in delivering record rent change this quarter, as well as strong earnings and same-store growth. We remain focused on the fact that we own assets critical to the supply chain with long-term secular drivers that remain intact. Further, the outlook for future supply will continue to face structural barriers, ultimately driving occupancy, rents and values. In terms of our results, we had an excellent quarter with core FFO excluding net promote income of $1.33 per share. This result includes approximately $0.03 of one-time items related to interest and termination income, as well as the timing of expenses, which we can address in Q&A. Occupancy ticked up over the quarter to 97.5%, aided by retention of 77%. Net effective rent change was a record 84% at our share, with notable contributions from Northern New Jersey at 200%, Toronto at 187% and Southern California at 165%. Same-store growth on a net effective and cash basis was 9.3% and 9.5%, respectively, driven predominantly by rent change. We saw market rents grow roughly 60 basis points during the quarter, the slower pace embedded in our forecast. In combination with the strong build of in-place rents, our lease mark-to-market recalculates to 62% as of September. We raised approximately $1.4 billion in new financings at an average interest rate of 3.2%, comprised principally of $760 million within our ventures, as well as a recast of our Yen credit facility increasing our aggregate line availability. In combination with our cash position, we ended the quarter with a record $6.9 billion of liquidity. Finally, its noteworthy that our debt-to-EBITDA has remained very low and essentially flat all year, hovering in the mid-4 times range, despite our increased financing activity, a demonstration of the tremendous growth in our nominal EBITDA. Turning to our markets, while rising, vacancy remains historically very low in the U.S., Mexico and Europe. Market vacancy increased approximately 70 basis points during the quarter in the U.S., driven by low absorption, as well as recently delivered but unleased completions. Europe experienced similar dynamics with an overall increase in market vacancy of 50 basis points. At the macro level our expectations for the U.S. are for completions to outpace net absorption by a cumulative 150 million square feet to 200 million square feet over the next three quarters. Then, over the subsequent three quarters, we see that trend reversing with demand exceeding supply and recovering the net 75 million to 125 million square feet. That trend may extend further into 2025, as we believe development starts over the next several quarters are likely to remain low. Whatever the precise path, we expect that as vacancy normalizes over the long-term, our portfolio will outperform the market due to both its location and quality, as well as the strength of our relationships and operating platform. In this regard, our portfolio has been largely resilient to moderating demand. Our teams would describe the depth of our leasing pipeline as consistent with the last few quarters. In coming fresh off of one of our customer advisory board sessions, its clear that our customers have plans to continue to expand their footprint, increasing capacity and resiliency. However, whats also clear is that they are slowing such investments until there is more clarity in the economic environment. In the U.S., rents increased in most of our markets with the strongest located in the Sunbelt, Mid-Atlantic and Northern California regions. Europe and Mexico were also bright spots for growth in the quarter. Rents across our Southern California sub-markets declined approximately 2% as it continues to adjust to higher levels of vacancy. While the markets and outlook are mixed, we remain confident in continued market rent growth in the U.S. and globally over the coming year, albeit at a slow pace while the pipeline continues to get absorbed. From our appraisals, U.S. values declined approximately 3% while European values remain stable, in fact, having a very modest write-up. The difference isnt too surprising as the Feds language around inflation and the economy has had more effect in the U.S. capital markets, driving the 10-year up 100 basis points since our last earnings call, compared to the bund [ph] at just 50 basis points. We believe that this is likely another instance, as we saw one year ago, where U.S. appraisals at the end of the quarter have not had sufficient time to react to the increase in rates and we are thus pausing on appraisal-based activity in USLF for at least one quarter. Elsewhere, values in Mexico are up 8.5%, while China experienced its first meaningful decline of 6.5%, a write-down that we dont believe has fully run its course. Our funds experienced their first quarter of net positive inflows with approximately $180 million of new commitments versus new redemption requests of $115 million. Given other activity in the quarter, the net redemptions have been reduced from their height of $1.6 billion to approximately $700 million or roughly 2% of third-party AUMs. In terms of our own deployment, development starts ramped up during the quarter, crossing $1 billion, over half of which is related to a data center opportunity in our central region, a testament to our higher and better use strategy and strategically located land bank. Also notable is the acquisition of $118 million of land, including a strategic parcel in Las Vegas, which will build out an additional 10 million square feet over time and brings our total build-out of land globally to over $40 billion. We are laser focused in identifying and executing on value creation in our core business, our energy business, and their adjacencies. Combined with the debt capacity and liquidity we have worked hard to build and preserve, we see the environment as rich with opportunity. Moving to guidance, we are increasing the average occupancy to a range between 97.25% and 97.5%. As a result, we are increasing our same-store guidance to a range of 9% to 9.25% on a net effective basis and 9.75% to 10% on a cash basis. We are maintaining our strategic capital revenue guidance, excluding promotes to a range of $520 million to $530 million and adjusting G&A guidance to range between $390 million and $395 million. Our development starts guidance is increased to a new range of $3 billion to $3.5 billion at our share, driven primarily from the data center start mentioned earlier. We have $500 million of contribution and disposition activity during the quarter and given our commentary on USLF valuations, we are pausing our planned contributions into that vehicle this quarter and reducing our combined contribution and disposition guidance to a range of $1.7 billion to $2.3 billion. In the end, we are adjusting guidance for GAAP earnings to a range of $3.30 per share to $3.35 per share. We are increasing our core FFO, including promotes guidance to a range of $5.58 per share to $5.60 per share and are increasing core FFO, excluding promotes to a range between $5.08 per share and $5.10 per share, growth of nearly 10.5%. I know that many of you are focusing on 2024, so Id like to take an opportunity to remind you that the Duke portfolio will be entering the same-store pool in 2024, which will widen the recently observed delta between net effective and cash same-store growth. This is, of course, because Duke rents were mark-to-market at close one year ago, so its contribution to net effective same-store growth and earnings will be minimal, even though the cash rent change will be on par with the rest of the Prologis portfolio. In closing, we are navigating the current environment, assured that whatever the economy brings in the short-term, we are positioned to outperform over the long-term. This stems from not only the premier logistics portfolio and customer franchise with one of the best balance sheets amongst corporates, but also highly visible earnings and portfolio growth ahead of us. We know that turbulent times can bring opportunity for those who are prepared and thats been central to our strategy and management as a company. Id like to also remind you of our upcoming Investor Forum on December 13th in New York, our first in four years. We are looking forward to spending the day with you, sharing more about our business, outlook and opportunities ahead. Additional information is available on our website and in our earnings press release. And with that, I will hand it back to the Operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. I mean, Tim, can you help us reconcile some of the comments from the prepared remarks? You talked about maybe softer demand, but then theres -- you are calling for accelerating the number of build-to-suit developments. At the same time, occupancy has been stronger than anticipated and thats before the lower development starts hit the market. So how should we think about all of these moving pieces and just the trajectory of the supply-demand dynamics as we exit 2023 and into 2024? Thanks.
Tim Arndt: Sure. Demand is definitely softer. Its closer to normal, maybe even a little bit below normal at this instant. There is a lot of latent demand that large companies having large requirements are continuing to talk to us about build-to-suits, but they are reluctant to pull the [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Mailman: Hey, guys. Let me know if you are having trouble hearing me, because I am having trouble hearing you. But I just wanted to touch on the data center build-to-suits in the quarter and see if you guys could break out what the yields on those were relative to the blended yields on the overall development starts? And maybe just give a little bit more color about the opportunity with your partner on this one, the plan on whether you are going to hold this or anticipate selling it upon completion of that and just a little bit more about the capacity within the land bank to do more of the data center sales?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, please remain on the line. We are just having a difficulty here. Thank you. Please remain on the line.
Tim Arndt: I am sorry. We are having some technical difficulties here and I cant really explain it.
Craig Mailman: Hello.
Tim Arndt: Can you guys hear me? You can hear me again. Okay. So let me finish the first question and then I will go to the second question. To the extent I heard it, which wasnt great. On the first question, what I wanted to say is that, the data centers account for a pretty significant volume of the build-to-suits and thats why they are higher. But industrial logistics build-to-suits are kind of in par and in line with our expectations. The reason occupancy is higher, its unique to the quality of our portfolio and just the natural role of leases, but market occupancy is slightly lower. So we are outperforming the market by more than we did before. I think that covers the first question. The second question was how should we think about the build-to-suits in terms of its effect on our going in yields and the like, and for that, I am going to turn it over to Dan here. But generally, we -- the build-to-suits strategy of ours is an extension of our higher and best-use strategy. We own a lot of high quality land in markets that are in the path of development and are popular data center markets. And while we may occasionally buy land for data centers, our primary strategy is converting our existing portfolio to data center products to the extent they have power availability. We are getting a lot of people knocking on our door for those opportunities and we think going forward, its going to be a pretty significant part of our activity, although its lumpy and less prone to precise predictions like the logistic business, but you will hear more about that. Now, strategically, this is important to understand. We funded our business without issuing any equity basically since 2012. The last 10 years or 11 years we have not issued any equity. How we financed our business is by disposing of real estate that was non-strategic to us, logistics real estate and we have done a lot of dispositions. You can think of the data center strategy as a way of funding our growth. Thats where the growth capital is going to come from. We are not at the moment interested in being in that business in terms of long-term ownership, its more of a development and harvest strategy and that capital that comes out of the margins of those deals will be a substantial contributor to our growth going forward. Dan, you want to talk about the initial yields on the data center?
Dan Letter: Well, what I would say is, on this particular data center, we are under a strict confidentiality. So we cant be speaking about any particular yield points by any means. But what I would say is, we have been building capabilities internally to ensure that we hit the market for these deals and you will see those play out as we announce more data centers going forward.
Tim Arndt: What I would say, generally, though, without getting specific on this opportunity, we think the margins that come out of our data center business, by definition, based on our historic cost of land or even the market value of land, will be orders of magnitude higher than they would be under logistics build-out. So multiples of a normal margin.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Yeah. Thanks and good morning. I just wanted to follow up on the development and just make sure I understand on the fourth quarter, I think, you have got something like $1.9 billion of planned starts, given that you have done about $1.4 billion year-to-date. So just curious, does that include other data centers or is that all traditional industrial? And if so, what is the mix between spec and build-to-suit on that fourth quarter starts volume? Thanks.
Dan Letter: Sure, Steve. This is Dan. So the lions share of our Q4 starts are logistics starts. We have one, maybe two smaller data center starts that we have forecasted. But overall, its about 50-50 build-to-suit and spec. And let me just highlight that we have been calling for a back-end loaded forecast for about four quarters now. As we talk about market development starts now at 65% -- I guess down 65% from the peak, this is playing out exactly as we expected and we have been gearing up all year for a really heavy Q4 start volume.
Tim Arndt: Yeah. The portion of build-to-suit is obviously a lot higher than that if you include the data centers. What Dan meant was a mix of logistics and logistics spec versus build-to-suit.
Dan Letter: Correct.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Todd Thomas: Hi. Thanks. Question, as you think about 2024, Tim, you mentioned that market rent growth increased 60 basis points relative to last quarter. Thats down from 2.5% last quarter. I think you indicated that market rent growth is expected to be positive in the year ahead. As we think about the trajectory of rent growth and what you are anticipating, do you see potential for sequential or year-over-year decreases in market rents in the U.S. or globally over the next few quarters as deliveries outpace absorption or do you expect rent growth to stay positive throughout that period during that timeframe?
Chris Caton: Hey, Todd. Its Chris Caton. Thanks for the question. Yes. We expect rent growth to remain positive throughout that time period. Market conditions are stable and there are a handful of markets that we have talked about that are softer, but by and large, markets are proving resilient with rent growth in line or ahead of inflation.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, everyone. Maybe we could talk about property acquisitions a little. I know its not as large of an activity as developments, but guidance for this year increased while transaction volumes at an industry level are down significantly. You did the $3 billion acquisition mid-year. So what sorts of acquisitions are most interesting to you today? Could you talk a little bit about who you are buying from, maybe why they are selling and how you get comfortable on what the right price should be?
Hamid Moghadam: Sure. Its a dynamic market and I think thats the essence of your question. Its really hard to get a handle on what the returns should be and how we look at acquisitions. But heres a model for thinking about it. First of all, we are even pickier than we have been with respect to quality and fit with our portfolio. We are not -- before you had to buy the good with the great in portfolios and we had to go through the massive exercise of disposing of the properties that we didnt want, which we did actually quite successfully in a declining cap rate environment and we actually made money on it, but we dont expect that to be the case going forward. So we are really being picky about what we buy. The portfolios that we are going to buy are almost virtually 100% whole portfolios. Secondly, if you really think that, look at where treasuries are, 150 basis points have gone to, call it 4.5%, 300 basis points increased. Those kinds of properties, core properties, we are trading in the high 5%s, low 6% IRRs. Lets stay away from cap rates because of a market-to-market complexity of talking about cap rates. But call it 6%. So just adjusting for the change in treasury yields, simplistically, you would have to see a 9% on leveraged IRR and thats if supply and demand of capital were sort of in equilibrium. We get a sense that theres going to be more opportunities coming our way and it is in a capital-constrained environment and we happen to be in the fortunate position of having a really good balance sheet and able to take advantage of those. I dont think theres going to be distress in the terms of a post-savings and loan crisis or any of the downturns, but I think the opportunity set is going to exceed the available capital and I think we will be taking advantage of that. So I would say on leveraged IRRs that have a 9% handle on them, maybe as much as 9.5% depending on the circumstances. And we are seeing that supply loosen up and come to the market. So expect to see more transactions in the next six months. Dan, do you have anything to add?
Dan Letter: The only thing I would add is, our teams around the globe are literally turning over every stone daily. And this is land acquisitions, this is core acquisitions, its value-add acquisitions and the teams turn to opportunistic right now. So its really hard to peg exactly where we are going to land our acquisition volume for the year, which is why you saw us move it up a couple hundred million after this Phoenix transaction. But overall, I think our teams are going to continue to find opportunistic transactions consistent with what Hamid just said on the returns.
Operator: And the next question comes from John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John Kim: Thank you. I just wanted to clarify, so you are expecting over the next few quarters a significant demand shortfall. And I am wondering if during that time period, are you planning to be more aggressive on rents and concessions to try to hold occupancy or are you going to hold rates just given supply is going to start to come down after that? And also if you could provide an update on the market rental forecast for 2023.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. On the rental forecast, I am afraid you are going to have to wait for that when we issue guidance and we get into that. And one thing we are going to stay away from is quarter-by-quarter forecasting of rents. Its hard enough to guess what it is on an annual basis, much less on a quarter-to-quarter forecast. So what was the first part of the question? Oh, occupancy trade-off.
Tim Arndt: Occupancy.
Hamid Moghadam: It depends on the actual markets. There are about 20% of the markets that I can see us driving for occupancy and about 80% of the markets that are still in equilibrium or tighter. But the key to your question is what you asked in the middle of it, which is, how do you expect that to change? And the reason we are not going to get super aggressive on rents is because we have a belief that, I mean, just look at the starts. They are down 65% and even with moderating demand, we are going to get something like 60% or 70% of that shortfall that we are going to encounter in the next three quarters shortfall of demand, we are going to get it back in the subsequent three quarters. So theres no sense really going cheap, its just. But I would say 20% of our markets, we are going to be more focused on occupancy.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Nicholas Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Nicholas Yulico: Oh! Thanks. Just a two-porter on Southern California. So I guess, first, I wanted to see if you are seeing any benefit in your portfolio since September in terms of the port being resolved, the worker strikes impacting LA Basin or Inland Empire, if you are seeing any benefit there and pick up any activity. And then, secondly, just wanted to hear latest thoughts on why you think some of the weakness that you have cited there in rents in Southern California, what that dynamic is out there that would be different than other markets, meaning that Southern California is not a leading indicator for other parts of your portfolio?
Hamid Moghadam: Well, Southern California is very geared towards basically inflows, 40% of the inflows into this country came through Southern California and that number dropped dramatically because of the labor issues. Its too soon to see any recovery because we are also going into the Christmas season and anything thats going to be in a store for Christmas has already been on the water and through the ports and all that. So I think you are going to see the effects of that next year in terms of recovery of flows. About half of what used to come through LA used to stay in the LA Basin, Southern California and half of it was shipped elsewhere. We think the half that stays in Southern California for sure will stay there or come back and some of the rest will also revert back to Southern California. I am not smart enough to know whether we are going to get half of it back or three quarters of it back, but we will get a pretty substantial portion of it back. It will be more into the first quarter or second quarter of next year before you see it in the numbers. Chris, do you want to add anything?
Chris Caton: Yeah. I will build on that by saying as the market is digesting the demand and supply picture that Hamid described. We are beginning to see some differentiation in submarkets where LA, Orange County is proving more resilient and the Inland Empire is a bit softer.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Camille Bonnel with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Camille Bonnel: Good morning. First, a clarification that I want to get your thoughts on guidance. Can you clarify if the SoCal market rent change in the opening remarks is on a sequential or annual basis? And then appreciate majority of your leasing for 2023 has been addressed and theres little that could change your core outlook from here, but want to better understand the level of conservatives being factored into guidance looking into your end. What could change your views more positively or negatively? Thank you.
Tim Arndt: Hey, Camille. Its Tim. Yeah. Just a clarification on the first part, that was a quarter-over-quarter number in SoCal, the 2% decline. And then in terms of what could change the fourth quarter, the answer is very little at this point. Certainly on the rent change side of things, most all of that leasing is already inked. We could have some surprises, very moderate I would say on the occupancy side, but I actually dont expect that. We have a pretty tight range on occupancy as you know. So I dont think you will see anything take us outside of our guidance.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ron Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Ron Kamdem: Hey. Just a quick two-parter follow-up. Just one on the development starts and the data centers, which is intriguing. Any way to put some numbers on that on how many starts can be done annually? Is it $200 million, is it $500 million, like how big can this get is the follow-up number one. And then number two on sort of the rent growth, appreciate we want to stay away from sort of specific numbers, but as you are sort of thinking about next year, what are sort of the key markets, Southern California being one, potentially being sort of a headwind? Maybe can you talk about what are some of the neutral or potential tailwinds in terms of markets for next year? Thanks.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay. Your first question was great advertising for our Investor Day because thats what we are going to devote the time to is understanding our essentials business, our data center business and all those things. So let me defer answering that question to that date. And by the way, even on that date, you are not going to get as specific an answer as you would like. I just tell you that in advance, because these are very lumpy and it depends what quarter or what year a deal lands in. Chris, do you want to address the second part?
Chris Caton: Yeah. Absolutely. I might start by just saying one way to think about rent growth going forward is to think about the replacement cost math. We have really seen construction costs prove resilient and replacement costs prove resilient. And the interest rate dynamic that Hamid described earlier translates to the rents that are required to warrant new development. So over a medium-term horizon, a couple years, thats going to play one of the most important factors into evaluating rent growth. As it relates to different markets, which was your question, I think, its probably fair to point to Tims comments on the markets that have proved the strongest so far this year. Mid-Atlantic, Sunbelt, Northern California are markets that stand out in my mind in the U.S. and there is a range of them globally, whether its Toronto, Mexico, Germany and the Netherlands. So thats what I would look to.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Powell: Hi. Good morning. I guess one more on market rent growth. I think last quarter you gave a 2023 forecast of 7% to 9%. I dont know if you updated that today and are you going to be providing those kind of updated on a quarterly basis going forward?
Tim Arndt: So, hey, the view is 7% in United -- globally and in the U.S. We are about mid-6s so far this year, so that implies growth in the fourth quarter as we described earlier. And then as it relates to forward guidance, Id like to underline our upcoming Investor Day in December as the time to look for new information.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Carroll: Yeah. Thanks. How does the 150 million square feet to 200 million square feet gap between supply and demand over the next three quarters compare to your expectation for all of 2023? Now, correct me if I am wrong, I believe that you highlighted that theres going to be about 150 million square foot gap in 2023. I mean, is that still a fair assumption or has this delay in demand due to the market uncertainty has kind of widened that out a little bit?
Chris Caton: Hi. Thanks for the question. Again, its Chris. So, just to give you the total numbers, we are on pace to see 490 million square feet of deliveries in the United States this year against 195 million square feet of net absorption. So that gap is wider. And some of that relates simply not so much to the softness in demand that you are describing, but the timing of deliveries of the pipeline. If anything, our view of where the pipelines going has come down, not gone up over the last 90 days related to the trend in starts and so really its really timing as it relates to that gap.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. But I would say, our previous forecast did not anticipate the sudden jump in rates that has come in the last month and a half. We thought that treasuries were going to settle in the mid-3s, not mid-4s, maybe mid to high 3s and not mid-4s or approaching 5. So that I think has taken and shifted some of the demand out. But the thing that encourages me and we will have to see -- wait to see this, is that companies are not shutting down their dialogue with us in terms of their long-term needs and are build-to-suit discussions are every bit as good as they have been across most cycles. But they are not pulling the trigger just yet, given that those things generally involve major capital expenditures and those are all being scrutinized by the C-suite pretty tightly these days.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks. I just wanted to get a better sense of, you talked about deferring growth, I guess, across SoCal -- in rent growth across SoCal, Mid-Atlantic, I think, you referenced Sunbelt. Can you just give us a better sense of the magnitude of this dispersion? And I guess, Chris, do you expect this dispersion to continue over the next, call it, six months to months?
Chris Caton: So the magnitude of the dispersion, so just to be clear, in terms of strengths versus weaknesses, because I want to be sure that wasnt conflated, the strong markets include the Mid-Atlantic, Sunbelt, Northern California and really there are only a handful of soft markets. SoCal, we have talked about in these market thats been flat all year. In terms of dispersion, there is a fair amount of sameness in the trend, whether you look at it on a quarterly or a calendar year basis. So rents are trending in the annualized rate from the third quarter that Tim discussed, with some markets moderately ahead, like the strong markets I described and then just really one or two markets that are notably weaker. So I guess I suppose theres that dispersion.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Mueller: Yeah. Hi. I know you have used land in the past for higher and better uses, but do you think you would be looking at these development, the data center developments to the same degree that you would be looking at them if you werent seeing a normalizing of a traditional industrial demand?
Hamid Moghadam: Absolutely. Because the margins embedded in the data center development, Mike, are orders of magnitude higher, certainly on the basis of market value under industrial use or purchase price under industrial use. So we would be doing that even if the market was tight as a drum. And by the way, lets not get carried away. The market is in the high 4s occupancy, I mean, vacancy, sorry, that is absent 2021 and 2022 I would have said that would be my Christmas present would be vacancy rates that are sub-5 in any part of the cycle other than the last couple of years. So the markets are strong, but the data center opportunities, if you can get the power, the demand is there and its been boosted by AI and a bunch of other things. So we see sort of a rush of data center opportunities and the large players and they are all big credit players into the business and they cant get enough of this stuff to keep up with demand.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Bill Crow with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Bill Crow: Yeah. Thanks. Two quick questions. First of all, on the economy, I am wondering if you are seeing any changes to your watch list among your tenants or any sectors in particular that are starting to show weakness. And the second question is really in order to get the kind of 9% ROE returns on acquisitions, do you have to target longer waltz or how do you get that if we dont see distress among current holders or owners? Thanks.
Hamid Moghadam: So our credit issues are fairly modest and they usually involve retailers and we have a build-in 85% plus mark-to-market on those leases that we have identified as potential risks. And we have actually captured some of those spreads and already improved our position by buying out those leases or just getting them back and releasing the space in a short period of time. So I dont think credit is a particularly important consideration in this cycle.
Tim Arndt: And then the second question on the waltz, extended waltz being necessary for the kind of IRRs we are targeting in acquisitions.
Hamid Moghadam: We are using the same lease terms in acquisitions than we always have been. There is not -- I mean, if you look at 30 years of history, I mean, our waltz have been between four and a half years and six years or something like that on average in our leases. So it doesnt move around that much.
Tim Arndt: Yeah. I would just pile on there that we look at these opportunities of whether it be one year to three years or four years of negative leverage as an opportunity, really. We look at total return on every deal. And again, we take it through our filters of quality, mark-to-market and whether we want to hold it long-term or not and then we layer that on with our potential essentials, revenues and synergies and otherwise. So while its one consideration, so are all these other factors.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Blaine Heck: Great. Thanks. I just wanted to follow up on guidance. You touched on this a little bit, but guidance implies a decrease in FFO in the fourth quarter. Can you just talk a little bit more specifically about some of the moving pieces there and one-time items that are influencing the numbers in the third or fourth quarters and whether any of that noise is going to persist into 2024?
Tim Arndt: Yeah. To answer the last part, no, I dont expect anything into 2024. Basically, of the $0.03, a couple of pennies that were related to termination income from some leases that were canceled and then higher interest income. Theres about $0.02 there I would call that, thats permanent to the year and then the other penny in the quarter I would say is more of a timing issue, specifically in taxes. We will see some lower taxes in the third quarter, but higher again in the fourth quarter. So if you take that with regard to the rule, if you take that $0.03 out, you are basically rolling from, lets call it $1.30 million to $1.28 million in the fourth quarter is whats implied in our guidance. And basically, you would roll NOI forward. We are going to add -- probably add $0.02 from just base same-store growth quarter-over-quarter. And then the declines are going to come from mainly ramping of development. We see much more investment and land and CIP starting to build. And you should be aware in your models, our cost of funding development in the short term is essentially 6%. Think of that as SOFR plus our line rate. We are capping interest at our in-place debt is how this works. Thats at 3%. So in the short-term, thats a drag on core FFO seen mainly in interest expense. Obviously, over the long-term, the margin in value creation is there. But we will see that drag pick up as developments ramp.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Good morning. Two quick ones here. First, on the utilization rate that picked down a little bit this quarter, I was wondering if you can provide any more color around that. And second, if you look at the larger development landscape and look at competitors that are developing, I would assume that the pressure for them to lease up space and maybe they have to pay back the loans to banks probably increases as we move forward. I am not sure how big these developers are or how much capital they have behind them. But is there any risk that as these developers look to secure tenants that could drive rental rates lower going forward?
Chris Caton: Hey, Ki Bin. I will take the utilization question. Thanks for it. As you see on the page in supplemental, there are multiple metrics on the page and we look at all of them in totality and additional ones that are not included in the supplemental. So we have a range of proprietary data, whether its our IBI survey, tenants in the market, customer decision-making timeframes, our sales pipeline. Specific to the utilization data, that lags. That does not lead economic and real estate cycles we have seen that over time. And so what I think this is best understood in the context of todays retail sales numbers, which shows a resilient consumer that is outperforming expectations and leading to lower utilization levels.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. On the second issue of opportunities, there are a lot of merchant developers that are bank financed and active in the market and they are just about completing their projects now. They have some interest reserve built into their lease-up plans, but their lease-up plans are going to get extended. So actually, I think, whats going to happen is that they cant really be afford to rent the space at the lower rate. I think they are more likely to sell their positions to people with stronger balance sheets and we have already seen and taken advantage of a couple of instances like this. So dont be surprised to see us buy some vacant completed shelves at discounts to replacement costs, because -- its -- because of our view on demand and supply, with 65% decline in supply, we think if you get into late 2024, early 2025, we are going to be in a pretty strong market. So this is where balance sheet matters. This is where quality of location and product matters, and we are going to be very selective about the projects that I described. But thats why we have been building our balance sheet and keeping our leverage around 20% all this time. This is when we put it to work.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
Vince Tibone: Hi. Good morning. I have a follow-up on an earlier comment about 20% of your markets you are managing for occupancy not pushing rent. So what are those markets where industrial landlords have less pricing power today?
Tim Arndt: Sure, Vince. We covered a couple of them. I talked about Southern California. I point to Houston, Indianapolis, and then outside the U.S., the softest market might be Poland.
Hamid Moghadam: And China.
Tim Arndt: And China and I think Id offer now that market vacancies are beginning to gap out again, I think we are going to see quality make a bigger difference in terms of portfolio mix.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Vikram Malhotra: I just wanted to get your thoughts to just clarify one thing more broadly. Two trends, I guess, one, just the whole reshoring team that we are hearing more and more about. And then second, just Amazon as they have put a lot of capital into the coast and across the country. I am just wondering sort of when you marry those two things together, is there sort of greater investment moving towards the Midwest or more manufacturing pockets? Is that an opportunity for PLD going forward?
Hamid Moghadam: So, generally speaking, I would say, on where manufacturing is taking place, in Asia, theres a lot of manufacturing still in Asia. Its not all in China and it had been gradually declining in China in the last couple of years anyway. It was first moving to western China and then it was spreading to other places in Southeast Asia. But there are going to be strong flows still from those places. Its just not going to be all from China. But the container doesnt care whether its coming from somewhere else or China. It lands in the same ports. Secondly, demand in our product is mostly driven by consumption and not manufacturing. In manufacturing, the finished product ends up in a container and on a truck or a ship. So the warehouse is a truck or a ship. So that manufacturing per se doesnt generate a lot of demand. When those containers land in places where consumption takes place, thats when the demand is generated for deconsolidation. Now those markets happen to be in populous parts of the country, because thats where the consumption is and those markets tend to be high barrier to entry markets. So we dont think the dynamic of on-shoring to the extent that it exists is going to change things around all that much. The biggest beneficiary of on-shoring has been actually near-shoring and its been in northern Mexico. Northern Mexico markets are 100% occupied and theres insatiable demand for product in those markets and most of that is for distribution buildings that are used for manufacturing purposes. So thats where we have seen the material demand. If theres more demand coming for manufacturing in the U.S., A, we havent really seen it and if we do see it, we will be the beneficiary of it because we are well positioned in those central markets as well.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Blaine Heck: Great. Thanks. Hamid, just a bigger picture question for you. Can you talk about how you are thinking about managing exposure to geopolitical risk and instability and maybe to what extent the latest turmoil in the Middle East could impact your operations, if at all?
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. I think the effect is going to be indirect, because the Middle East is not obviously a source of product or exports or we are not active in any of those markets. So it will be a second order effect on the macro economy. And if the Fed remains very aggressive on rates, if you believe their talk and all of a sudden we have some drop off in demand, because that conflict expands and the nightmare scenario would be that a couple of tankers get sunk in the Persian Gulf at the narrow end and oil goes to $200 a barrel. I mean, the bets are off. But boy, if we see that scenario, I cant think of a better business to want to be in and I hate to see that scenario happen. But actually on a relative basis, it should be good for our business, because it will mean that people will, first of all, inventory becomes really important and it means that -- its yet one more uncertainty like the pandemic, like the earthquake, like all these other disruptions that we have seen that will push the general posture of companies from just in time to just in case. So I hate to say it would be good because its an awful situation thats going there and before this is all over, a lot of innocent people are going to get killed and I dont want to see this happen. But I dont think its impact on the business on a relative basis is going to be terrible. I am honestly more worried about the Fed overdoing it than that conflict escalating. But those things are very hard to predict. I think that was our last question. So we really appreciate your participation. Really look forward to seeing all of you at our upcoming Investor Day and I promise it will be really good. So take care.
Operator: This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-18 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Prologis Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to our host, Jill Sawyer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Jill Sawyer: Thanks you, Adel. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or other SEC filings. Additionally, our second quarter results, press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. I'd like to welcome Tim Arndt, our CFO, who will cover results, real-time market conditions and guidance; Hamid Moghadam, our CEO and our entire executive team are also with us today. With that Ill hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Arndt: Thanks, Jill. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. We had a very good quarter with outstanding results across our uniquely diversified business. It was highlighted by record rent change, a ramp up in development starts roughly half of which were build-to-suit and the acquisition of over $3 billion of real estate at accretive returns deepening our scale in key markets.  We also earned record strategic capital income and raised $1.2 billion in new equity across the vehicles. We are watching markets closely and weve been clear that we expect vacancies to arise over the course of the year from a normalization of demand and elevated development deliveries.  Weve indeed seen vacancy build and expected to reach the mid-fours in the US by year end but continue to believe that fundamentals will regain momentum in 2024 with the outlook for new supply declining as development starts continue to fall this year. In short, our outlook is completely unchanged and we feel great about our business.  Turning to our results, core FFO excluding promotes was $1.25 per share and including promotes was $1.83 per share, both ahead of our forecast. Our promote income was generated from both USLF and FIBRA Prologis and meaningfully exceeded our guidance.  USLF generated promote revenue at Prologis share of over $635 million. In its three year performance period, assets grew by over $10 billion and the fund delivered an IRR of over 20% net of all fees and with very low leverage.  In terms of our operating results, average occupancy for the quarter was 97.5%, down 50 basis points from the first quarter and in line with our expectations. Rent change on starts was a record on both a net effective and cash basis, 79% and 48% respectively. Net effective rent change on signings of more forward-looking build was an impressive 87% with notable rent change from Phoenix at a 137%, Northern New Jersey at 150% and Southern California at a 181%.  Global markets also contributed to strong signings with Mexico at 34%, the UK at 36%, Central Europe at 51%, and Canada at a 150%. Bottom-line rent change has been both robust and broad based.  Market rents continued to grow albeit at a slower pace increasing a little over 1.5% in the quarter. In-place rents grew by approximately 2.5% over the quarter, the net of which translates to a lease mark-to-market of 66%, down from 68%. We explained last quarter that our lease mark-to-market would generate $2.85 per share of incremental earnings as leases roll over time without any additional market rent growth.  Interestingly, that future upside is virtually unchanged at June 30th, even though we crystallized rental increases over the quarter. This is because a lower lease market-to-market is now being applied to a larger base of in-place NOI. Ultimately, same-store growth is our most important operating metric and this quarter remained exceptional at 8.9% on a net effective basis and 10.7% on cash.  I'd like to highlight that even with $4 billion of investment during the quarter, the balance sheet remains in impeccable shape, with liquidity of approximately $6.4 billion and debt-to-EBITDA of 4.2x. We raised approximately $7 billion in debt financing across four currencies at an interest rate of 4.9% and an average term of eight years.  Turning to our markets, the trend to normalization, which we've been speaking to for some time continues. Proposal activity, gestation and pre-leasing of vacancy are all within a few percent of their pre-COVID levels, a period which weve highlighted many times was itself historically strong. Our IDI sentiment index ticked in the quarter to over 58 indicating a continued strong backdrop for demand as described by our customers and further supported by utilization increasing to 85.5%.  Unsurprisingly, customers have been more deliberate in their decision-making amidst the uptick in vacancy. We continue to believe that this will be a short-lived reprieve as construction starts have indeed declined significantly for our expectations. Starts in the second quarter were down approximately 40% across our US markets and 50% in Europe.  We see deliveries in 2024 falling short of demand, reducing vacancy over the course of next year. Significant attention has been given to Southern California in recent months, while our portfolio is over 97% leased and we are achieving record rent change, vacancy has grown partially due to port operations that have not yet returned to normal.  Additionally, some customers are re-evaluating expansion in the Inland Empire diversifying operations to other Southwest markets. With all this in mind, we've reduced our rent growth forecast for Southern California in 2023.  However given what is still low vacancy together with structural headwinds to new supply and a huge consumption base, we believe strongly in this market. The global nature of our portfolio means that we will see markets contribute to growth in different periods evening out peaks and troughs. We see this playing out in a number of markets across the globe, where our rent growth forecast is increasing this quarter such as Las Vegas, Texas, Europe and Mexico to name a few.  All this together with the more than 5% rent growth to-date has us re-forecasting the full year to a range of 7% to 9% on a global basis. What matters more than what will transpire in the next six months is what we see over the medium term, which is growth that will be fueled by escalating replacement costs, growing barriers to new supply and ongoing secular drivers of demand.  Late in the second quarter we announced and closed on the acquisition of over 14 million square foot portfolio in many of our best US markets. We estimate an 8% unlevered IRR simply at the property level, exclusive of additional return driven by property management synergies, essentials opportunities, including solar and the upside we expect through revenue management.  While this was the largest transaction in the quarter, overall activity increased slightly bringing additional price discovery to the market.  In Europe values have been relatively stable, experiencing a 1% decline over the second quarter. Latin America saw an increase in values with write-ups in Brazil and Mexico of 2% and 5% respectively and write-downs in the US were in line with expectations approximately 5% driving the cumulative decline over the last year to 12%.  With this move, we view the values as fair and are proceeding on redemption in USLF for the third quarter.  New redemption requests in the quarter totaled approximately $800 million and was concentrated in USLF and our China venture where values have held up better. Together with other activity the net redemption queue stands at approximately $1.6 billion. Outside of open-ended funds, the company raised an incremental $1.2 billion comprised of $500 million in the FIBRA and NPR, as well as a new $700 million commitment for a complementary vehicle in Japan, PJLF, which is detailed in our supplemental.  Before turning to guidance, I'd like to mention a few updates across our Essentials business. We added 45 megawatts of new solar production and storage in the first half of the year, bringing our platform total to 450 megawatts, nearly 50% of the way to our 1 gigawatt goal for 2025.  Additionally, Prologis Mobility, our EV business has more than 65 lead charging sites in the pipeline across the US and Europe.  In terms of our outlook for the balance of the year, we are guiding average occupancy to range between 97% and 97.5%. We are increasing our same-store guidance eight three quarters to nine and a quarter percent on a net effective basis and 9.5% to 10% on a cash basis.  Net effective rent change propelling same stores will continue to accelerate in the next two quarters and average approximately 80% over the year. We are maintaining our G&A guidance to range between $380 million and $390 million and are increasing our strategic capital revenue guidance excluding promotes to range between $520 million and $530 million. As a result of the outperformance in USLFs promotes, we are increasing our forecast for net promote income to $475 million. Year-to-date, we are in excess of this amount, but the amortization expense will continue over the back half of the year.  Development starts picked up during the quarter with commencements of 12 projects around the globe and while we remained very selective on new spec starts, we are maintaining our guidance to $2.5 billion to $3 billion for the year. We had over $550 million in contribution in disposition activity during the quarter concentrated in Japan and Mexico and are maintaining guidance of $2 billion to $3 billion.  Putting it all together, we are increasing guidance for GAAP earnings to range between $3.30 and $3.40 per share. We are increasing core FFO including promotes guidance to a range of $5.56 to $5.60 per share and increasing core FFO executing promotes to range between $5.06 and $5.10 per share with the midpoint representing over 10% annual growth marking our fourth consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth.  The quarter highlighted many ways that Prologis has diversified itself across geographies, business lines and capital sources, while rents in some markets decelerate, others with different demand drivers are now accelerating. We're seeing the same balance with property values as demonstrated over the quarter. Further, we generate incremental cash flows and value creation outside of the pure rent business in closely related and synergistic platforms, namely Strategic Capital development and now Essentials. Our fundraising efforts also demonstrate the value of having alternatives. Clearly, our wide access to debt capital has been a tremendous advantage, but we also benefit from access to varied equity sources for our ventures by utilizing open end vehicles, JVs and public structures, we have the ability to be opportunistic and proactive in changing capital markets.  As we close, I'd like to remind you of two upcoming events of Prologis later in the year. Our Groundbreakers Thought Leadership Forum on September 27th, right here in San Francisco, and our Investor Forum on December 13th in New York. Additional information for each is available on our website.  With that, I will hand it back to the operator for your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  Our first question comes from Tom Catherwood with BTIG. Please state your question. 
Tom Catherwood : Thank you, and good morning all. Tim, appreciate your commentary around guidance on projected rent growth. Kind of a two-part question on that first. Have you adjusted your projection for US rent growth? I think it was previously 10% and you mentioned it globally now. And then, can you provide some more detail around those markets or regions where as you said you've seen you know rent growth and values kind of exceed expectations and then conversely are there others like Southern California that have somewhat lagged your expectations?
Tim Arndt: Hey, Tom, I'll start and probably pitch it to Chris here for some help on the market detail. But the U.S. at this point, I would put in a similar range, really given the weight of the U.S. and the notion that we're going to put these things in ranges probably from here, it's going to be very similar to the globe. So I would just think of them as essentially the same.  And then, in terms of markets, clearly, I mentioned in my remarks that Southern California is the market that we've downgraded. That's broadly the base of our change and pretty much the only market and it is matched by various markets as are also detailed many in Southeast US, but it's pretty broad around the US, as well as globally that are picking up the slack and holding the average pretty close when you put it in a range. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo. Please state your question. 
Blaine Heck: Great. Thanks. Good morning. So we noticed lease proposals trended downward throughout the quarter and gestation increased towards the end of the quarter. Can you just talk about what factors might be driving those trends? And whether you think we'll continue to see lease proposals trend down or should we expect an inflection in the second half? 
Chris Caton: Hey, it's Chris Caton. So, really when we look at that data, the right way to look at that is against our open availabilities. And when you put those proposals against our open availabilities they are actually in line or above the historical average, 48% is that number, it's something we've used in the past on these calls. And so how we do make the proposal numbers you're talking about tie with that view, well, there are two or three drivers.  The first is that the availabilities just, the role that we have in the next 12 months are low relative to history. The second is those proposal volumes do include, sometimes multiple proposals on a single unit and that has declined over the last year as we've discussed previously. And then, third, there's some seasonality where June would be a soft month. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Mailman with Citi. Please state your question. 
Craig Mailman: Yes. Thank you very much. Maybe it's open two questions here, I guess, maybe Tim and Chris to follow-up on Tom's question around the market rent growth. It looks like the U.S. dropped about 200 basis points. And if could you give us some more numbers around what the biggest moving parts of that were from a market perspective? And then, separately on, on occupancy here, you guys seemed at 80 BPS sequentially on ending core occupancy and then you're 50 basis points on average.  But, Secaucus, New Jersey, Central Valley, Atlanta, all kind of came down here. Just curious if there's, if that's where you're seeing the more supply or if you had any incremental impact from the Blackstone acquisition that was laid some of those numbers? 
Tim Arndt : Yeah, so, on the, on the rent piece, we're not going to go through market rent growth at a market level for a variety of reasons. I think the takeaway we want you and everyone to be left with is just how it can all come into a balance and we're very pleased to see that we're able to hold the forecast at least in a pretty tight range to where we were previously.  And on the occupancy side, you're right about where the ending pieces. I would just comment that that's in line with our forecast. If you look at our average same-store, average occupancy guidance that we have previously and that we have this quarter, it's unchanged. So, the decline that we have expected over the year remains and everything that you see in this quarter is in line with those expectations. 
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. The one thing I would add to that is that, I think we mentioned to you last quarter that we would be continuing to push rents pretty hard and would like to see occupancies a bit lower than 98%. So, what you think is consistent with what we're planning to do and actually we accomplished what we wanted to do in that we tracked a number of leases that we lose because of price and how hard we were pushing. And we modulate around that to figure out the trade-off between rents and occupancy.  So we did see as a result of our efforts, an uptick in basically the percentage of deals lost due to price. It went up from about 10% to about 20%, which is kind of where we would like to have it. So its [Indiscernible]. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question. 
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning, everyone. Maybe like to mention there has been a lot of discussion about Southern California. So ask another one there, but I guess just thinking about the idea that it might be lagging now, can you give more details on what could be causing the change in that market? Kind of how long it could last in which market could potentially face similar issues? 
Chris Caton: Sure. Let me take a stab at that, because I've seen this now a couple of times over the last 30, 40 years. Southern California is really being adversely affected by two things. One, ports volumes. I think this labor strike has gone on longer than most people anticipated. And the timing of it was such that people have to make decisions about the Christmas season and they've shifted volumes to other ports. And that affect Southern California and honestly, the longer disclose out, I believe the worse it will be for Southern California in terms of doing permanent damage.  From now from everything we hear and we're not an expert on this, things are apparently heading in a positive direction with respect to a resolution. But you read the same things we do. So, I don't have any unique perspectives on that.  The other, the other difference with Southern California is just pricing. I mean, you had between 20 and 22, about an 130% increase in rents in Southern California, that compares to less than half of that for the overall markets that we operate in. So, there is more price sensitivity now because it's a very, very expensive market.  So to the extent possible, people will shift to adjacent markets. And combined, it's not just price, but up until a quarter ago, occupancies in the Inland Empire was 99 point something percent. So people couldn't even get the space that they wanted. I think with the more normalized vacancy level and we're still not at normal.  I mean, normalized in my experience is 95% occupancy and that would have been great for the last 15 or 20 years. I think with more normalized occupancy, you'll see, Peep and a resolution of the labor strike. I think you see a more normal pattern from which you can draw some conclusions. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore. Please state your question. 
Steve Sakwa: Yeah. Thanks. Hi, good morning. I guess, really kind of a two parter. Just, Hamid, if you could just maybe talk about demand by size of tenant and knowing of whether you're seeing any real disparities in sort of the under 250 or under 100 and anything kind of on the bigger side? And then, just I guess your confidence level around the level of development starts. It's obviously a very back-end weighted sort of hockey stick figure for the second half of the year.  So, how much of those projects are currently teed up. And what do you think that split of starts looks like between the third and the fourth quarters? 
Hamid Moghadam : Yeah. Let me start on the development volume and then pitch it over to Dan for the other commentary. We do not care about development starts. We do not care about acquisition guidance. We will - we make all these decisions one-by-one and only when it makes sense to pull the trigger on these. They're buying large already more or less and we could, on a discretionary basis, start all of them today.  But that would not be a wise thing to do and we're not going to do it just to meet some artificial guidance. I think the main driver of earnings in this company, which is what we all care about is rental growth and same-store growth. And all I can tell you is that with mid-60s mark-to-market, you can model whatever scenario you want, including zero rent growth from here on out.  And for the next four years, five years, you're going to get same-store NOI increase of 7.5% with no rental growth from this point forward.  You put in our normalized forecast for a rental growth our best guess and that same-store growth will be at 8.5%. Both of those numbers are consistent with low-double-digit earnings growth, while maintaining our leverage, which is, which is so low. So, I don't - we don't need development starts to drive anything, and we're not going to get in a position of  or jeopardizing our pricing power by virtue of wanting to meet an artificial development goal.  Now having said all that, we will start the ones that we think we can lease efficiently and economically and quickly. And the land is there. The approvals are there. And our ability to put buildings up is there. So, there is no benefit in front end loading that stuff and pushing it ahead of where it needs to be. Dan, do you want to address the site question? 
Dan Letter: Yeah. Sure. So, we have - we're seeing continued broad-based demand across all size ranges. Now there certainly are pockets of - in certain markets that there's some risk and maybe the bulk. And those are markets we've talked about historically. South Dallas, North Fort Worth, Indianapolis is getting a fair amount of bulk built out. But, and then I would say West Phoenix, as well. But what I would say with our portfolio overall, we're really isolated from any of this bulk risk and we're really confident in the demand across all site ranges.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Please state your question. 
Ki Bin Kim : Thanks. Tom, turning to your capital deployment, $3 billion Blackstone deal at a 5.75 stabilized cap rate. Can you just discuss how you viewed the attractiveness of this deal versus some other opportunities that you might have had such as spot buybacks or development? Or do you simply think the value per square foot, price shouldn't decrease much further from here on out? 
Dan Letter: Yeah. I mean, certainly, portfolios that we would acquire would be at a discount to replacement cost. And replacement costs has moved up tremendously in the last couple of years by virtue of - forget about the land piece, because that's a squishy piece that's related to rent and all that. But the construction piece has really, really escalated. So to buy standing inventory in our best markets is always a really great thing that we look at.  The quality of the portfolio was quite high, I would say very close to our own portfolio. The percentage that we would dispose of is zero. So it was hand selected to meet our requirements. I wouldn't call it a steal. We didn't steal anything. I think it's a market rate transaction and with the upside built into the rents, you know, 8% IRR in a world that I think is going to be a sub 3% inflation rate.  And then, all the added things we can put on top of it and with Essentials and all that, I've developed capital at those rates all day long. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please state your question. 
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. The lease percentage of the development pipeline has been dropping pretty materially kind of back to 2019 levels. What are the factors there? And does this impact your ability that hate your yields expected on these developments? 
Hamid Moghadam : Yeah, I think maybe the best way Ill summarize in this call would be, we are back to 2019. Okay. We are getting at it in 25 different ways. But the easiest way to think about it is, demand, supply, rental growth, all of those things that are trending back to 2019 pre-COVID.  And if you take 20 to 22 out of the picture and imagine, that in 2019, somebody would tell you that in 2023 you are still talking about the dynamics of 2019 market, I would be jumping up and down happy about that. So, thats where we are and almost to any question, I am not trying to avoid your question. But it would be the same answer on 20 other parameters, as well. We're back to 2019. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Nick Thillman with Baird. Please state your question. 
Nick Thillman: Hey, good morning. Hamid, kind of touched on you guys competing on price by 20% of tenants not renewing because of that. But retention is dropping down to 70%. So, are those tenants are renewing or do they not? Where do they end up going? Do they go to a new supply or a new product that's being delivered? Or is it more sort of a scenario where they're just completely priced out of the market? 
Hamid Moghadam : No. They go somewhere else. I mean, those are real needs and at the end of the day, warehouse rent is - as a percentage of total logistic cost is relatively small. So they are not going to go out of business because of that. I mean, frankly, the pressure on energy prices, on fuel prices, on labor prices and all that, if you are going to worry about something those are more significant than their ability to pay rent. 70% is not a unusually low retention rate. I mean, if you, again forget about the last three years where there was no space and people had no choice, that would be a very normal rate of retention for us, going back and looking at it over 10, 20 year timeframe. So, and we are trying to find out what the efficient point is for losing customers because of price.  We can make that number be zero, but that would not be wise because that means we're not pushing rents as hard. So, 20% is definitely still below where I would start worrying about dial and get the other way. If it got to about 30%, we may want to moderate on that. But still, generally speaking, the bias is towards pushing rents and not occupancies.  Now markets where that is not the case, well dial it back some. But that's a decision we make day-to-day based on the data that we see. Its not a top down type of decision. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question. 
Ronald Kamdem: Hey. Just a couple quick ones. Just going back to the market rent growth forecast and also Southern California, can you give us some context in terms of what was the first half growth on the market rent growth? Number one. And then, number two, when you talk about sort of Southern California, decelerating, is there a way to get some context on  is it just a deceleration or should we be bracing for things to potentially turn negative in that market?
Tim Arndt: So, couple things. First of all, the most important thing about Southern California is the gas in the tank. Not rental growth going forward. I mean the gas in the tank in the Southern California is  I dont know the exact number, but its probably over a 100% on your average lease. So, whether you think rents are going to grow 3% or negative 3% or 10% or whatever, it's not going to affect that number one Iota.  Are there markets in Southern California and elsewhere where you could see rental growth sliding? Sure, of course, there are. When something has escalated by 150%, I wouldn't be surprised if it backslid some. Do I worry about Southern California becoming a difficult market? No. I would like to have more Southern California, because that means we have more cars with more gas in the tank.  So, there's some markets that may continue to escalate, but they're still not going to be as good as a market that has embedded growth of well over a 100%. So I'm not trying to duck your question. But we're a global company, it's a 1.2 billion square foot portfolio and I think it would not be a productive use of my time or anybody else as your time to drill down into sub-market or individual rents.  Because frankly, we don't spend a lot of time ourselves looking at that. We look at it bottoms up a deal-by-deal. And then, we make our long-term investment decisions based on some macro bets. And what I'm telling you is that we like Southern California because of its embedded mark-to-market. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Please state your question. 
Michael Carroll: Yes. Thanks. I guess just direct it to Tim. I believe last quarter that you indicated the 2024 lease expirations had an 85 plus percent mark-to-market. I mean, can you touch on what is included in that estimate? Does that reflects expected market rent growth in 2023? And if so, does that 85% target in stats still hold today? 
Tim Arndt: We would be in the 80s. Let me put it that way right now, and that would contemplate market rent growth from here. So, we feel good about still hitting that kind of number, but we will give full guidance on it later in the year. 
Chris Caton: Yeah, I don't think we know anything that suggests a different number than when we told you before. So, so it's essentially the same number. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Camille Bonnel with Bank of America. Please state your question. 
Camille Bonnel : Good morning. So, to clarify on Hamids comments around the portfolio's embedded NOI growth, if rents grew another 5% as you're projecting in the back half of this year, are you expecting core NOI growth to be tracking above that 7% mention or more closely to the growth you projecting this year? And Tim, from your opening remarks, it sounds like market rents have grown in line with expectations to-date but moderated into 2Q. Can you just comment on how the pace of growth looks like for the remainder of the year based on your teams projections? 
Tim Arndt: Well, I'll take the first one. I think I want to be sure we're not conflating a couple things on same-store. So Hamids illustration earlier was about a four year horizon what we think will unfold in terms of market rent growth. That would be that roughly 8.5% coverage. And I'll go 
Hamid Moghadam : But the average same-store NOI growth, not the rent growth, same-store NOI growth. 
Tim Arndt: Sorry. 
Hamid Moghadam : I don't even have the number for rent growth because frankly, I don't really spend a lot of - that's a very volatile number. 
Tim Arndt: Yeah. So, and that number by the way incidentally incorporates what will happen in due confirms of its fair value lease adjustments and what we think will happen in occupancy. So that's kind of fully baked and that's a four-year discussion. In terms of this year, there's going to be very little that could change in any direction on market rents that would affect this year's same-store growth.  Just too much of the lease mark-to-market and the year frankly are now baked that we're going to land pretty tightly in the range that I 
Hamid Moghadam : For next years. 
Tim Arndt: Yeah, true. 
Chris Caton : And then as it relates to the rent growth detailed, Tims script included a way for you to kind of reconcile that. And I think within the numbers, the main thing to know is, many It's both in the US and globally continued to have really healthy pricing power and meaningful move in market rents, but the aggregate number is adjusted downward based on the disease on Southern California that we've discussed here. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
John Kim: Thank you. Just a follow-up on the $3 billion acquisition you made. How much of that did it contribute to your full-year guidance raise if at all? And can you comment on the pricing just given, 4% going in cap rate, not many buyers have Prologis use cost of capital. So I was wondering how you came to that level and how many competing bids or buyers there were at that level? 
Tim Arndt: Yeah, I'll pick up on the on the earning side. It's about a $0.05 roughly of our are raise would be attributable to that. The remainder would be the same-store component. 
Hamid Moghadam : Yeah. And on the number of competing buyers and all that, we don't know but we actually work collaboratively with the seller to pick a portfolio that makes sense for them and make sense for us. So it wasn't like there was a package and a competitive environment. But look, I would argue that two of the largest players in this space kind of know what's going on in the market and they don't need to know a lot of third-party validation of where pricing is. And we came to an agreement reasonably quickly on that.  So, we're really pleased about it because we don't have to go through the brain damage of cleaning up the portfolio. We bought what we wanted to buy at the price that we wanted to buy and presumably they got the price that they wanted. And everybody was very happy about that and we'd love to do more of that. 
Operator: The next question comes from Nicholas Yulico with Scotiabank. Please state your question. 
Nicholas Yulico: Thanks. Just a question in terms of, what you're seeing with activity in the 3PL space. I mean, some commentary we were specifically about, LA and 3PL was that it was a market very tight to tenants took as much spaces they could get. In many cases took some excess space in recent years. And now that those same tenants in some cases are putting sublease space on the markers and then you also have less demand from the user group. Maybe it's a port issue in the near term.  But I guess I'm just wondering, broadly on 3PL what the activity of that tenant base looks like in - across your portfolio? 
Chris Caton: Yeah, I'm going to make a general comment and it applies maybe a bit more to 3PLs, but it applies to everybody. Southern California is a market were embedded mark-to-market is well over 100%. The 3PL business is a very low margin business. Very thin margin business. If you've taken ten percent more space than you would needed and now with the changed outlook you think you need 10% less than you need it before that's a 20% swing in how much space you're going to need the over the over the longer term.  If you can make three or four x what you would make at a year - in a year, moving boxes around by subleasing that space, you would do that. So, the propensity to adjust your space to your needs is much greater in this cycle because of this significant mark-to-market that's in better than some of these leases. Now, if you're in a market where - and I can't think of a market like that.  But let's say you were in a market where you're essentially a market or 10% below, by the time you pay a leasing commission and encourage the downtime and maybe put some TI's in the space, you're not going to make money on that space. So it's more of a cost avoidance and therefore not much of that happens. Southern California is actually viewed as a source of profit for these guys to sublease their real estate. So they're going to do it much quicker than before and that's in fact what weve seen.  So and - it all goes back to having less than 1% vacancy in this market not too long ago. So, look, Southern California has been a crazy rent growth market for the for as long as I remember, whether you look at 30 years or five years or three years, but the last three years have been have just been ridiculous. And for anybody to think that that would continue forever, I - we certainly don't make our investment decisions based on that and we don't operate our portfolio like that. So, we're not surprised about what's going on in Southern California. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho. Please state your question. 
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks for taking the question. There is do two questions. One, just looking at the lease proposal chart, correct me if I'm wrong, I think this is all in square feet and I'm just wondering how this would compare, whether you look at it as a percent of expirations or the portfolio just because you're a much bigger portfolio today with Duke in there and other acquisitions. So as a percent of the portfolio is, there something unique in terms of the trend downward it would seem as a percentage it's probably much lower. So if you clarify that number one.  And then, just number two, bigger picture, Hamid, if you're talking about normalization in trends to still healthy levels but that's just in normalizing to 2019. Where do you think the risk premium should be for public private warehouse space? Should it be higher? Is it fair as it is today? Thanks. 
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah, let me start with that. In 2009, there was a big difference between now and 2019. 2019, I dont remember the exact number, but I think vacancy rates were north of 5%, maybe even north of 6%. Today and the outlook in 2019 was that we had a long run of improving market conditions and I think as calls like this we are all worrying about for the sixth year in a row whether supply would exceed demand okay?  That today - it's a same market except the vacancy rates are substantially lower than they were at that time. And we have less of a concern about supply beyond this year that is than we had in 2019. So, it's a slightly different market but the dynamics are not that unusual.  With respected public to private, I continue to believe that - I don't know about the sector, but I continue to believe that we trade at a modest discount to NAV and private values. And I think once capital flows start up again, once the denominator effect starts going the other way because of improvements in public markets, I think that will be validated.  So, I do think private values in general are slightly higher than public values where these companies are priced. 
Hamid Moghadam : And then Vikram on the proposal volumes, yes as square footage and as to reconciling it I'd point you to the answer earlier to the same question and happy to go through it offline if that's not sufficient for you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please state your question.
Todd Thomas: Hi, thanks. Just the number one on market rent growth. You've previously talked about a 300 to 500 basis points spread in market rent growth between coastal and non-coastal markets. In light of your comments around Southern California, can you just talk about how you expect that spread to trend as you look ahead to 2024? And are there other coastal markets that you would include in the discussion with Southern California as you think about the labor strikes and the impact that that's having at the ports? 
Hamid Moghadam : Yeah, I want to be clear about what we said. If you look at all the markets that we operate in, Southern California is going to have the highest rent growth of all, not market rent growth, maybe the market rent growth will modulate, but because of the mark-to-market Southern California for the foreseeable future. And by that, I mean five years plus is going to have the highest growth rate of any market that I can think of five. Chris, do you? 
Chris Caton : Yes, 100%. 
Hamid Moghadam : Yeah, and that can go on literally for five to ten years. So, because the mark-to-market is so huge. Now, in terms of the market rent growth, I don't know, we'll find out, but it's our view has moderated. But that really doesn't matter. It's kind of like adding 2% to 3% in one direction or the other to a number that's north of 100% percent. So I think we're focusing on the wrong issues. I don't I don't really know the answer to your question. If I did Id tell you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please state your question. 
Anthony Powell: Hi, good morning. Just a question on contributions. It looks like you restarted in this quarter with Japan, and Mexico. Is there still to plan to restart contributions in the US or Europe later this year. And how how they're progressing overall? 
Hamid Moghadam : Yeah, Ill start it and pitch it over to Chris then. Look, the reason we stopped contribution is not because we didn't have the capacity to buy these assets in our funds, we did because they're very low leveraged. The reason we did is that we couldn't really look our investors in the eyes and say that we all have clarity around the values for the fund, for  for the properties that are being contributed. So we're not in a rush to do that.  There were some companies that force these decisions back in the last cycle that that - and we didn't, and we fared much better than those companies that force, - forced the contributions. So as long as there is clarity on valuations, we will contribute assets at least we would be willing to contribute assets. But I remind all of you, at the end of the day, the independent advisory board for each fund makes a decision of whether they want to accept those contributions or not.  It's not a must put, must take kind of a situation at all. So, but, we couldn't very much look them in the eyes and say that this is the value because there was uncertainty around it. In the markets that you mentioned, there is clarity around the values. Europe, we felt that it reached a point of clarity at the end of last quarter and we believe the U.S. is not becoming very clear too.  And the whole process took about three quarters from the downturn, which is what we expected this to say based on experience. So you should expect contributions to continue at the sort of a normal or maybe somewhat modulated pace. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Mueller with - go ahead. 
Hamid Moghadam : Caton, do you have anything to add to that? 
Chris Caton : No, I think that's right. I mean, we will probably look at contributions in Q4. No rush as you said going through that ordinary course of business and split it between both in Europe and the US. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question from Mike Mueller with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Mike Mueller: Okay. Thanks. I guess following up on that contribution question, are you seeing any traction yet in the third quarter with dispositions? 
Hamid Moghadam : We are not trying to dispose of a whole lot because remember, we're almost through all the liberty ones and Duke had very little dispositions associated with. We sold a couple of them of late and the latest Blackstone portfolio has zero dispositions in it. So, I mean, other than the normal sort of Bluebird dispositions we're kind of reaching the end of cleaning up the portfolio.  There are few deals here and there, but then what would you add to that? 
Chris Caton : I would say the transaction market is opening up and we're very confident. We're going to be able to dispose of what we want when we want. 
Hamid Moghadam : But it's not a material amount. Its not going to move the need on our company. 
Operator: Next question comes from Craig Mailman with Citi. Please state your question. 
Nick Joseph: Thanks actually, Nick Joseph here with Craig. Just going back to the comment you made earlier on the Blackstone portfolio deal you said you worked with the seller, kind of what would work the both sides and obviously they are lot clearly there was a lot to choose from. So, what were you focused on, is there from a portfolio or strategic perspective in terms of the assets youve acquired?
Tim Arndt : Well, the markets that we like in the long term. And I can tell you that during the course of those that analysis and that thinking, what the market rent is going to do in the next six months to the last decimal point was not a consideration. I mean, its - those are markets that we really believe based on daily interactions with customers as to where demand is going to be where we see that trends in supply which are by the way lets, we haven't talked about that in a couple of quarters.  But Supply is becoming extremely difficult to bring online in places like California. In fact, I'm kind of worried about it because some of these places are shutting down. I mean, we spent a lot of time with the legislature trying to defeat A B 1,000 which was a proposal to basically stop all warehouse development in Southern California. So in selecting those assets we focused on the markets that we liked a lot and we were prepared to pay - accept a lower yield for those markets because they have more embedded growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Feldman with Wells Fargo. Please state your question. 
Jamie Feldman: Thank you and thanks for taking my question. So, I want to get your thoughts on just the different regions coming out of what should be a recession if we get a recession. There's a lot of talk about European wages really lagging the U.S. obviously, that's a big driver of retail spending in your business. Can you just talk about what might be different as you think about putting capital to work across Europe, Asia and the US or North America given what, might some of these macro trends we're seeing? 
Hamid Moghadam : Yeah. U.S. has got the highest rent growth over time of any of these markets because it's a more dynamic economy, bigger GDP growth I think than Europe certainly. But Europe has always been a sort of more muted market in terms of supply. Vacancy rates are always lower in Europe and land is metered out by usually government authorities. Its not so much of a free market. You go buy from the former land.  So, it's a more muted growth pattern than the US one. But we mitigate that because we employ more of a fund structure in Europe. So the combination of the earnings on the fund management business plus the growth in the underlying real estate business makes up for the - makes up for that difference. Asia, China used to be a powerhouse in terms of economic growth.  It frankly has surprised everybody coming out of it with respect to how slow it's been to turnaround. I'm not smart enough to know whether that's a, that's a long-term trend, or a short-term trend. But that market has gone from basically 10% per year type of GDP growth to more like a 5% rate of growth. Japan, probably the best long-term market for us, from a development point of view has always had low rent growth. 1% to 2% rent growth would be great.  But boy!! there's no CapEx. There's no turnover. There is, - and yields have maintained themselves in Japan, better than anywhere else. There's been no cap rate expansion in Japan at all. And remember, there's hardly any mark-to-market. So there is no cap rate expansion. And in fact, I would say there's probably 10, 15 basis points of compression in the last 12 months.  So it's a good development market and from an operating point of view, we talk cap rates. But at the end of the day, the cash flows in Japan are very strong. There's very little of it leaks out to CapEx and other things. So, each market is different and each market when you look at it as a portfolio plays its role within our overall business. 
Operator: Thank you. And our final question for today comes from Camille Bonnel with Bank of America. Please state your question. 
Camille Bonnel : Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Does the valuation of your USLF fun take into account the recent portfolio acquisition you announced or is that more of a comp for next quarter? 
Hamid Moghadam : Good question, Camille. I don't know. We bought that portfolio on balance sheet. So it's not a fund investment, so. But I honestly don't know how long it's going to take the appraisers to reflect that. But it's - we bought it at the very consistent level of valuation to what we thought valuations would be this quarter. And I think we were right about that. So I think the market has adjusted in terms of understanding where values are going, I think we're at the tail end of those adjustments.  You were the last question Camille. So thank you all for your interest in the company. We certainly feel very good about our business going forward. And hope that we will have the opportunity to speak to you more over the summer. Thank you, everyone. 
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference of parties. All parties may disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-18 16:15:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Prologis First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce to you Jill Sawyer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Jill. You may begin.
Jill Sawyer: Thanks, Sean. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or other SEC filings. Additionally, our fourth quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. I'd like to welcome Tim Arndt, our CFO, who will cover results, real-time market conditions and guidance. Hamid Moghadam, our CEO and our entire executive team are also with us today. With that I hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Arndt: Thanks, Jill. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. We began the year with results and conditions that remained strong. Market rents have continued to grow, demand has been consistent and we're seeing sharp declines in new construction limiting future supply. While logistics real estate is very healthy, the macroeconomic picture continues to be a concern and we anticipate it could weigh on customer sentiment over the balance of the year translate into some demand that could be delayed into 2024. However, this will overlap with a slowdown of new deliveries, creating a sustained dynamic for high occupancy and continued rent growth into next year. Beginning with our results, our core FFO excluding promotes was $1.23 per share and including promotes was $1.22 per share. Our results benefited from higher NOI in the quarter but offset by approximately $0.02 of higher insurance expense from an unusually active storm season experiencing a year's worth of claims activity in just the first quarter. In terms of our operating results, both ending and average occupancy for the quarter were 98%, holding average occupancy flat for the fourth quarter. Rent change was 69% on a net effective basis and 42% on a cash basis each a record. The unusually wide spread between the two is reflective of lower free rent and higher escalations in our new leasing. Despite the step-up of in-place rents, our lease mark-to-market expanded to 68% during the quarter as market rent growth remained strong and slightly ahead of expectations. With the remaining lease term of roughly four years, this lease mark-to-market represents over $2.85 per share of incremental earnings as our leases roll the market, providing visibility to future income and dividend growth. These results drove record same-store growth 9.9% on a net effective basis and 11.4% on a cash basis. During the quarter, our efforts on the balance sheet were focused on liquidity, raising over $3.6 billion in new financings for Prologis and our ventures at an interest rate of 4.6% and a term of nearly 14 years. This fundraising total does not include $1 billion of additional capacity from a recast of our global line-of-credit, which closed in April, and brings our total borrowing potential under our lines to $6.5 billion. As mentioned, fundamentals in our markets remain strong, but we expect that a more cautious outlook will weigh on the pace of demand. This is not a new perspective as our forecast 90 days ago prepared for a weakening sentiment and how the top-down view for some occupancy loss over the year. We haven't changed that outlook, but we also haven't upgraded it despite the quarter's outperformance. As an update on proprietary metrics, our proposal activity ticked up in absolute terms and is in line with strong market conditions as a percent of available space. Approximately 99% of the units across our 1.2 billion square feet are either leased or in negotiation. Utilization ticked down to 85%, which is normalizing to a level that our customers view as optimal. E-commerce leasing increased during the quarter to 19% of all new leasing. We avoid drawing conclusions from a single quarter of activity on most metrics, but it's notable here, that e-commerce leasing picked up meaningfully back towards its five-year average. As we've said before, we ultimately look at retention, pre-leasing and rent achievement as the best real-time metrics of portfolio health, and on that basis, our results are certainly very strong. We expect that the current 3.5% vacancy rate in our US markets will build to the low 4s toward the end of the year, before turning back to the mid-3s by late 2024, due to the lack of incoming supply and accounting for moderating demand. We anticipate a similar path in our European markets, and of course, even a 5% vacancy rate is historically excellent and supportive of strong rental growth. We expect this pattern to play out in our true months of supply metric, which was a very healthy 30 months in the US and should decline into the 20s next year. We are launching markets that have large development pipelines such as a few in the Sunbelt in the US, but so far that supply also seems manageable. In Europe, most of our focus is on the UK, where development starts have continued even as demand has moderated, which will lift market vacancies and may pressure rents. And Japan is also a market which is expected to see larger increases in vacancy over the year, but similarly, expects a slowdown in new supply due to surges in land and construction costs. Taking all of these movements into account, we are holding our market rent growth forecast for the year at 10% in the US and 9% globally. In capital markets, transactions continue to be few and far between, but the pickup in activity suggests, we will see a busier second quarter. Appraised values in our funds declined 1% in the US and 2% in Europe during the quarter and 8% and 18% respectively from the peak. It's worth noting that our view of public market prices and NAVs that they have adjusted much more than is warranted for these levels of write-down. Redemption requests and our open-ended funds have slowed significantly with the redemption queue nearly unchanged around 5% of net asset value. This is reflective of both a slower pace of new redemptions as well as rescissions of prior requests. Combined with over $150 million of new commitments made our net queue is essentially unchanged from last year. Last quarter, we described our approach to fulfilling redemption requests, which is based on an overarching objective to be consistent and fair to all investors, requiring a few quarters for valuers to catch up. In that regard, as appraisal seem to be nearing fair value, we plan to redeem units in this quarter, given the swift response to value changes in Europe and expect to do the same in USLF next quarter. In turn, we view this as an excellent time to invest more of our capital into the vehicles, which we'll be doing over the coming quarters and some meaningful numbers. Turning to guidance. We are tightening and increasing average occupancy to range between 97.25% and 97.75%, a 25 basis point increase at the midpoint. Our same-store will benefit from this increase driving our net effective guidance to a range of 8.5% to 9.25%, and cash same-store of 9% to 9.75%. We are forecasting our lease mark-to-market to end the year close to 70%. Extracting the 2024 component of this suggests rent change should exceed 85% next year, even without continued market rent growth, which is a clear illustration of how our exceptional rent change will not only endure but continue to grow. We expect G&A to range between $380 million and $390 million and strategic capital revenues excluding promotes to range between $515 million and $530 million. We are maintaining our forecast for net promote income of $380 million, and given the size of USLF and the potential for small changes in value to have a meaningful impact, there is potential for upside here and we believe we have the downside covered. We had few development starts in the quarter, a reflection of our discipline, but our pipeline is deep and we are maintaining our guidance of $2.5 billion to $3 billion for the year. We expect the pace to remain slow in the second quarter, putting the bulk of the activity into the second half. It's noteworthy that following the belief that construction costs may decline in the coming quarters. We now see them as likely to increase mostly in line with inflation. As new fundraising has become visible, we forecast contributions to be concentrated in the second half totaling $2 billion to $3 billion when combined with forecasted dispositions. So in total, we expect GAAP earnings to range between $3.10 per share and $3.25 per share. We are increasing our core FFO including promotes guidance to a range of $5.42 per share to $5.50 per share, and further, we are guiding core FFO excluding promotes to range between $5.02 per share and $5.10 per share, with the midpoint representing 10% growth over 2022. I'd like to close with a few observations that we've made about our standing in the equity markets, which we found interesting and wanted to share. Today, we sit as the 68th largest company in the S&P 500 ahead of names like GE, American Express, Cigna, Citigroup, as well as Ford and GM combined. Also of notice that with our planned $3.3 billion of dividends this year, we ranked 42nd in terms of total cash return to investors. Of these top 42 dividend payers, Prologis has outgrown the group by 500 basis points per year over the last three years. And in fact, since our IPO, we have paid over $15 billion in dividends at a 15% CAGR, ranking 13th on growth in the entire S&P 100. While getting bigger has never been our objective, we thought the context would be eye-opening. So in closing, we feel great about the health of our business, even in the face of a slowing economy, most importantly, nothing we have seen alters the path of its underlying secular drivers for the long-term potential of our platform. In that regard, we're excited to tell you much more about that outlook and our platform later in the year. Last week, we announced our upcoming Investor Day to be held at the New York Stock Exchange this December. We hope to see many of you there in person and tuned into the live webcast, where we will showcase our deep bench of talents and the strong differentiators that define our company. More details on that to come. But with that I'll hand it back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Maybe on development. Tim, you touched on it briefly, but the earnings release mentions how the build-out of your land bank is a driver of growth, and this quarter, like you mentioned starts for only like $50 million versus recent quarters over a billion. And it sounds like that is expected to ramp up significantly to over a billion again in the second half. So just wondering what metrics or other things that you're looking at to drive the starts activity? And what makes you confident that increasing starts so significantly later this year is kind of possible and the right thing to do?
Dan Letter: Hi, Caitlin. This is Dan. I'll take a stab at that. Maybe Tim can pile on then. But first of all, let me just say, our teams are very much on the offense out there. Every day our teams around the globe looking at new opportunities. We have over $38 billion of potential TEI embedded in our land bank, and we could flip the switch tomorrow and start $10 billion if we wanted to. We're going to continue to look at these deals on a case-by-case basis, but when you see the overall volatility in the market, you see the 10-year move 50 basis points, 60 basis points on a weekly basis like we have, we're maintaining the discipline, and we're disciplined because we can be. And we're ramping-up our starts towards the end of the year, while we expect to see the overall marketplace ramp down.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Please proceed with your question.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Good morning. So net absorption across the US in the first quarter was a little bit lighter than what we've seen in recent memory. So I was just curious what kind of risk do you see to occupancy or rent growth as a sector tries to in the near term absorb the new supply coming through?
Hamid Moghadam: Hi, Ki Bin. This is Hamid. There's always a risk in this environment. I mean there's so many unknowables, but we've gotten spoiled to 350 million square feet of demand in the last couple of years. Let's just put this in a context. I mean in the past, we would have been very happy with even these lower levels of absorption, particularly when you consider that starts are way down and they're going to -- deliveries are going to really slow down as we go into 2024. So it's normalizing. That's the best way I can describe, but I wouldn't even be surprised if it falls further given all the stuff that we read in the papers. The CEOs that are making big CapEx decisions, basically push their people to see if they can start the week -- a quarter later or two quarters later. But that's all borrow demand, if you will, that is future demand that is getting deferred. So we're not that excited by one way or another. And just to finish the previous question that Dan started, our view, we don't have a forecast for development starts. We only have one because you guys asked us for one. We don't internally have one. We have a plan. We have entitlements on much of that land, about 80% of that land, we can start at any time. And we don't just look at our data at the end-of-the quarter. We see it every day as we lease a million square feet a day, so we can meter that development into the marketplace, as we see fit and make those adjustments. We're ready to go if we need to do more or less either way. At the end of the day, our company's story is about organic growth, and that's the high value form of growth and that's the one that we pay the most attention to, and actually, that's easier to figure out in this environment, given the very big mark-to-market which I've never seen in this business before. So in a way, our job is actually easier in terms of predictability of earnings and growth.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to focus a little bit on the acquisitions, which is not a very large number in there, Hamid, but I'm just wondering what you're seeing from a distressed opportunity said, and then maybe tie into the comments Tim made about the funds and you know you tend to like you'd be putting more money into the funds as you redeem some of the partners. So just trying to put tie those two I guess capital uses together.
Hamid Moghadam: Sure. I think there is very little distress in the marketplace. Industrial real estate has done really well. I assume other people have significant mark-to-market, although I doubt if there -- it's quite the same level as ours. But there is protection in terms of that mark-to-market and other portfolios, and there are no fore sellers because leverage in the industry is pretty low. So we're not looking for distressed opportunities, but we are looking for opportunities that reflect the increasing cost of capital compared to call it a year, year and a half ago. And you should know, we look at every deal that anybody does and reads in the papers. Not hard to figure out that if you want to sell something, you call Prologis. So, you know, our feeling is people are still stuck on the old values, and buyers are expecting a substantial discount for those values. I suspect that most of those numbers will move closer together in the next couple of quarters and the market will start transacting. The funds have always been a place where we either take capital out or put capital in, and depending on the cycle of the marketplace. And back even in the global financial crisis, when AMB was much smaller and the balance sheet was weaker, we stepped in and put a couple hundred million dollars in our funds, when I thought -- when we thought that the time was right. So we continue to do the same thing. I don't think it's a big deal one way or another, but it's a great place to buy a high quality real estate that we know and we like. So that's the way we think about it.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Blaine Heck: Great. Thanks. Good morning out there. Can you talk about demand related to near-shoring or on-shoring? Which markets are seeing an outsized impact related to the trend and maybe how Prologis is positioned to benefit from it?
Hamid Moghadam: Sure. Let me start and then I'll pitch it over to Chris. The biggest impact is on Northern Mexico. Those markets along the border are literally on fire. There is no vacancy and we're seeing a lot of near shoring happening there as sort of a diversification move. We're also seeing some of the China manufacturing bleed out to the rest of Southeast Asia, but we're not really active in those smaller markets, but we do see that. And it's moving west in China and it's moving to other areas in Southeast Asia. But Mexico is the big story here. The on-shoring part, I mean, honestly, other than what I read in the papers, and the chip business which is real, the rest of it is wishful thinking mostly. So they're very isolated examples, but you look at the numbers and they are not that significant. Chris, do you want to add to that?
Chris Caton: Sure. I think that's really well described. Blaine, I'd say there isn't great data on this, but that which we see is that it is a building trend in Northern Mexico. So it takes time for those supply chains to relocate instead of the ecosystems they need to really function properly and resiliently. And that is happening and will continue to happen, so I would expect it to grow in the coming years as well.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from the line of Craig Mailman with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Mailman: Thank you. Maybe just a clarification and a follow-up question. Tim, I think in your prepared remarks, you said that the mark-to-market could end this year by 70% and be 85% by the end of next year in the absence of rent growth. So maybe clarify that if I misheard it. And then second question, just as you guys are seeing conditions on the ground, clearly, we saw some of the numbers you guys discussed it normalize here in the first quarter, but could you just talk about maybe how we should think about the cadence or anything incremental, what tenants are saying so that we don't get surprised the next quarter or two with some of the fundamental numbers here coming through as supply does deliver in some of the markets that have had more in the pipeline, like L.A., Inland Empire, Dallas sort of market. So then just also, you guys maintained your 10% market rent growth. Has that shifted dramatically within markets where some may have weakened significantly while others have grown? Or is it pretty consistent across the border? I apologize. I know that was a lot at once.
Hamid Moghadam: Nice try unpacking all that in one question.
Tim Arndt: I guess I will address all three of those. So I'll start, Craig, and I'm glad you asked if there was confusion on the point. You're right that we said we will -- we believe we will see a 70% lease mark-to-market of the entire portfolio at the end of this year, after we roll leases over the course of the year and we have some continued rent growth build. What I was trying to highlight there was that, if you just take out the component of that, that is rolling in 2024, to see have a sense of how this rent change is going to endure, that slice of the 70% on its own is 85% without any more market rent growth in the next nine months. So that just gives you very clear visibility on how the rent change is going to stay high, how it's going to translate to the same-store growth. So that was the intention there.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yeah. Let me take the second part and I'll pitch it to Chris for the third part of the question. Look, you'll be surprised if we're surprised. So -- and we really worked hard at not being surprised. And the best indicator of what's happening is the ongoing leasing and proposals and all that stuff that we're involved and you guys don't really see directly other than at the end of the quarter. So I would say -- I would describe market conditions as very good to excellent. They are not exceptional like they were a year and a half or two years ago, but they are very good to excellent. The markets you mentioned LA and Inland Empire, not worried about those at all. I mean, those markets are in the one percentage -- one percentage to two percentage vacancy rate. When you get to Dallas and particularly South Dallas and some other markets like Atlanta, way down the South, et cetera, those markets through all the cycles have been prone to over-development and softening of demand when a business was down. So we're watching those very carefully, but I wouldn't characterize any of them as watchlist markets now, otherwise, we would have classified them as such. The 10% rental growth is an overall number, but there is a very wide dispersion around that 10%. And Chris, do you want to elaborate on that?
Chris Caton: Yeah, indeed, there is a wide dispersion. And we've been a customer over the years talking about outperformance on the coast and lower growth and lower barrier markets. Historically, that outperformance has averaged 250 basis points to 500 basis points on -- in any given year. This year, that 10% sees more at the lower end of that range, more like 200 basis point, 250 basis point outperformance on the coast versus the lower barrier markets. And so that is where we saw the resilience, and I would also point to other global markets outside the United States. We talked about Mexico on an earlier call. It's probably one of the hotter parts of the world from a logistics real estate perspective. We're also seeing resiliency in Toronto and Northern Europe, Germany and the Netherlands.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Derek Johnston: Hi, everybody, and good morning. The dislocation between public and private market logistic asset values obviously is weighing on possible M&A. But as Fed policy nears peak rates and currently projects a pause, do you see valuations converging between public and private assets, and secondly, thus a pickup in capital recycling?
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. I definitely do see a convergence over time, and private markets are always slow to adjust on the way up and on the way down because it's all backward looking appraisals and people look for comps. And -- but we don't really view the market that way and we view that disconnect as an opportunity because look, we have a very clear view of what the capital markets tell us in terms of the new cost of capital, and we're interested in deploying capital at above that new higher number. And private values are not yet there that's why we see some continued erosion on private values in the next quarter particularly in the United States. On the other hand, I think the public values are over-discounted and we see those actually picking up as there is more evidence in the private market that the world is not falling off the cliff. So I think you'll get a conversion from both sides and this is not at all unusual compared to past cycles. I would say every cycle gets a little better, but there is still a pretty significant disconnect. And of course, private values can be, whatever you want them to be if you're trying again to prove a point or trying to make a statement. So we are actually, our moat with appraisals -- appraisers that we work with is to continue to point them to the cost of capital as opposed to comps that don't exist. So we are on the other side of that argument. We're trying to get this market to get unlock and to transact and trying to get these appraisers to be realistic about their valuations. But I can tell you, based on conversations with them, they're getting a lot of pressure the other way from a lot of other people. So they find it somewhat unusual that we want to see a more aligned set of values that will unlock market and liquidity.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks for taking the questions. So just maybe going back to your comments about more unevenness or maybe just some upward pressure on vacancy across the US. Can you just sort of give us your latest view on -- you said not worried about SoCal, but how would you rank sort of SoCal across your other coastal markets today? And if there is a sort of additional or some softening that you may see, does the Duke acquisition sort of change the overall prospects for the PLD US portfolio?
Hamid Moghadam: Well, I don't know for sure how to predict the direction of markets, but I can tell you, I don't lose any sleep over SoCal at all. I think that market is extremely tight and some of the shift in demand or softening of demand is to adjacent markets because the space just doesn't exist in Southern California. So if we had more space, I think we would have more absorption in Southern California as well. The Duke acquisition, as we've described many times, it's very aligned with our portfolio, so fundamentally doesn't change in any way our view on markets or desired allocation of our capital to those markets. It's very much aligned with the pre-merger Prologis portfolio. So the only thing I would tell you about Duke is that I -- generally speaking, based on the leases that we've done, since we acquired portfolio, we are kind of on the order of 4% to 5% higher than we thought we would be in terms of the performance of that portfolio.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John Kim: Good morning. Tim, you mentioned the fund redemption requests were unchanged at 5% of NAV. Do you still expect the redemptions to go basically down to zero in the back half of the year in light of I think you mentioned weakening sentiment on tenant demand?
Tim Arndt: Hey, John, we didn't hear any of that. Are you on a cell phone? And if you are, can you get closer to it or something because you were cutting in there?
John Kim: Is that better?
Tim Arndt: It's better. Yeah.
John Kim: Okay. Sorry about that.
Tim Arndt: So can you start all over?
John Kim: Sure. You mentioned the fund redemption requests were unchanged, but I was wondering if you expect those redemptions to go down to zero in the back half of the year as previously stated in light of weakening demand that you're seeing on the tenant side.
Tim Arndt: I don't know. I can't really predict the portfolio decisions of well over a couple of hundred different investors making those decisions differently. I would say to the extent that there is -- there are redemptions. They are generally not because of the performance of the real estate assets that are invested with us. They are either have to do with denominator issues on their other asset classes, private equity, stock bonds, et cetera, because everything has gotten hit with increased interest rates. Bonds have not been a safe place to be either. So it's because of them getting over allocated to real estate because of the decline in the value of the other asset classes more than real estate. And among real estate, if you want liquidity, where are you going to go? You're going to go to industrial. You're going to go to apartments, et cetera, et cetera. You're not going to go to office buildings because you're not going to be able to get any liquidity out of those. So that's what's driving all this. It doesn't -- I wouldn't look there for learning anything about what's going on with the industrial market because that's a reaction to a lot of different things that have nothing to do with industrial demand with supply.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
Vince Tibone: Hi. Good morning. Have you seen any material changes in tenant demand or industry-wide development starts activity since the banking crisis? And then on the latter point, has the availability of construction loans changed significantly in the last few months?
Hamid Moghadam: I'm sorry the last part was the availability of loan.
Tim Arndt: Constructions loan.
Hamid Moghadam: Construction loan. The answer to that one is --
Vince Tibone: Construction loan.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, the answer to that one is absolutely, yes. I think there's been a significant pullback in the availability of construction loans. On the rest, I mean, what do you think?
Tim Arndt: Yes, you were talking about customer demand. We're seeing broad-based customer demand really even looking at our e-commerce, we had 40 unique e-commerce users last quarter alone with Amazon actually being a small size of that very, very small. So overall, broad-based demand, no particular pockets of softness.
Hamid Moghadam: I would say housing is probably the only, the only aspect that's a little below normal. But again, if you look at the overall numbers, these -- if you sort of forget about 2021 and early '22, and you saw these numbers that we're seeing now, you would feel really good about them. It's just that in the context of those exceptional years are a little bit softer, but they're still considered to be really good markets, Chris.
Chris Caton: Hey, Vince, I think I heard in the middle of your question, what is the trend in development starts in the wake of SVB. So it's worth knowing the numbers, which is in the first quarter in the United States development starts were off 40% from their peak across our markets and 45% in Europe. And based on the comment I made earlier around construction debt availability, these numbers are going to -- you're going to continue to see starts to curtail in the marketplace.
Hamid Moghadam: I mean, I've never seen such a fast slowdown such a sudden slowdown in construction volume in our business. It's just been -- and I'm not sure it's only -- it was related to Silicon Valley Bank. It was already happening before that, and SVB just made it worse.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Nicholas Yulico in Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Nicholas Yulico: Thanks. I just want to go back to some of the commentary about demand may be spilling into 2024 as companies take a longer time and make financial decisions. I guess what I'm wondering is, how much is that an outlook or just broader corporations taking longer times to make financial decisions versus some of the larger categories of leasing like 3PL, general retail, but it may be expecting consumer slowdown and perhaps not fully utilizing their space. And so that's creating some delay in taking space this year.
Hamid Moghadam: The utilization rate peaked all time at 87%. And today, it's at 85%. And there is a couple of points of margin error on those numbers anyway. But -- so I would say utilization is really high. If it were -- if utilization were in the high 70s, I would tell you there's a lot of shadow space and people are going to wait to grow into that space or put it on the market for sub leasing, but we're not seeing that. So I don't think there's a lot of excess slack in the system. And even if you look at the well over publicized Amazon stories that a lot of people waste a lot of time on. I mean, they basically haven't given anything space back, maybe 7 million or 8 million square feet. Yet it's taken half the airtime on all these costs for the last year. It just has not been material. I mean, we're looking for something that just doesn't exist. Will it exist? I don't know. I'm not clairvoyant. But so far, it doesn't appear that customers are giving back material amounts of space or anything like that. It's totally within the normal band of how our business works across the cycle.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my question. My question is on your view for the balance of the year and what has changed, if anything, on a qualitative and quantitative basis? So you provided some commentary on your cautious outlook on demand and that wasn't new, but at the same time, you took up the same-store NOI guidance, maintained your rent forecasts. Just trying to understand if there's been an evolution in your thinking on how the rest of the year plays out? Thanks.
Tim Arndt: Hey, Michael, it's Tim. Now, look, I think you heard our comments correctly and I like that you pointed out, they're relatively unchanged. The same-store move is largely a function of an occupancy move. We just retained a decent amount of occupancy in the first quarter. We think that's going to extend throughout the year, so that's two-thirds of our increase in our same-store guide. The remainder of it is frankly some outperformance in the first quarter, that's more one time in nature, deals with seasonal expenses. We had very little bad debt in the quarter, out of interest, but we don't forecast that to continue. So that's some of the one-time items, but that combination is what is impacting same-store from here.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Nick Thillman with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Thillman: Hey, good morning. Retention remains pretty elevated here, but at 80%. But maybe on the tenants that don't resign, what's like their primary reason for not resigning? Is it them outgrowing their current footprint or a case of them just getting priced out of the market? Trying to tie that really to your occupancy in the sub 100,000 square foot area, it's been a little bit lighter than the rest of the leasing categories.
Hamid Moghadam: So the reason for non-renewal are either good reasons or bad reasons. The bad reason is that the company goes broke or the company -- so the neutral reasons are the company decides to go somewhere else out of one market into another market. The bad reasons are, sorry, the good reasons are that we just don't have a space that fits the growing need of that customer to be accommodated or the shrinking need of that customer to be accommodated. So they have to go somewhere else. We do track the reason for non-renewal of every single lease that doesn't renew. And one of the things that we track very closely is that we lose the space to a competitor because of pricing. And that statistic is like in the 2%, 3%, 4% range, and I think it's too low because it means that we're not pushing rents hard enough. So it's -- we're not losing tenants because of rent. We're losing tenants because we just can't accommodate them or they go broke or they move somewhere else. And those have been the reasons for the last 40 years I've been doing this.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Camille Bonnel with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Camille Bonnel: Hello. Following up on an earlier comment about the vacancy in Southern California region being below 2%. I think the growing concern is actually on the availability rate or how much sublease activity has picked up which is something we really haven't seen in the past. So I understand, at least within the Southern California region, the supply seems manageable given how difficult it is to build in this market, but could you share your thoughts on how you think this might evolve in upcoming months? And whether or not this is a potential risk you're tracking closely?
Chris Caton: So two ways to approach that. First, I'll give you the -- this is Chris, by the way, Camille. First is the sublease data, and the second is our true months of supply data. So sublease nationally in the United States is on an availability rate basis, 60 basis points in the first quarter. The 10-year average, 60 basis points. The recent low indeed was 40 basis points, so it's moved up 20 basis points. Now the pre-COVID average or the pre-COVID low was 50 basis points and the peak in the global financial crisis was 1.1%. If you just summarize all that, first off, I'd offer that it's not a lot of availability. And the second is we're at the low end or at a normal level in sublease. And then I'd also point you to our views on true months of supply that Tim described in our earnings transcript, which said that at 30 months today, we have a very good market environment, consistent with 10% market rent growth. And as supply decelerates and slows, we think that will go back down into the 20s, improving the market landscape.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey, great. Just one quick one and so on the expected vacancy rate, you talked about 3.5 currently rising throughout the year and then going back down by the end of '24. I was just wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on the supply and the demand assumptions that are going into that? How much is sort of demand normalizing, how much supply normalizing to get back to that 3.5. And the corollary to that would be, if you're expecting 10% market rent growth this year, historically, if you find yourself at that vacancy level at the end of '24, what sort of the market rent growth experience that we should have? And then the other quick one, sorry, on the 85% mark-to-market GAAP mark-to-market for '24, can you talk about what that number is for '23? Thanks.
Chris Caton: Thanks for the question, Ronald. So thank you for the opportunity to clarify our market statistics. I want to be very clear. So let's talk about net absorption in the 30 markets where Prologis operates in the United States. Last year, net absorption was 375 million square feet. We call that at 275 this year, and we expect a similar or perhaps higher numbers of macro environment clarifies and some of the decisions that get delayed this year land into '24. So that will be on the demand side completions. We have a bit of a clearer view as we look out to '24. So but starting with 2022, 375 million square feet of supply as well, that's deliveries. We expect 445 million square feet of deliveries this year as a supply pipeline empties and that will fall sharply, perhaps by half or more into 2024. And so when you put these numbers together, you'll see the vacancy rising from low 3s last year to 4 or a bit higher later this year and then back into the mid-3s.
Hamid Moghadam: The way to think about it is that demand is normalized from exceptionally high levels and the supply response has been in excess of that normalization of demand because of banking crisis and sort of macro constraints. So I think the supply response has been much more dramatic than the effects on demand. And that's why the market is going to tighten up again. Of course, absence, a calamity or something like that.
Tim Arndt: One important point to keep in mind is what is a normal vacancy rate because we have been years away from a normal vacancy rate. The historical range for our business is 5% to 10% with pricing power occurring in the 6% to 7% market vacancy rate. So we're talking about 3.5% to 4% market vacancies, half of what is typically seen as a way to see pricing power.
Chris Caton: And I would just pile on your third question there on the '24 component of our lease mark-to-market. This year, the same metric is in the low 80s. I think I intimated that last quarter on the call, just as a measure of what we expected our rent change would be this year. Those are -- I'm really talking about the same thing in that context. So roughly in the low 80s for '23.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Mueller: Hi. I dropped for a minute, so I apologize if this was asked. Can you talk about like the full year development start yield expectation is compared to the high 7% plus yield that you had in the first quarter.
Dan Letter: Yes. Hi, Mike. This is Dan. The yield that you saw in the first quarter was a couple of build-to-suits, really small volume. And what I would say is I would just look to last year and doing better than last year's yield on our starts this year.
Hamid Moghadam: I think the vast majority of the starts are in the 6s. And I would say the cap rates are up 75 basis points. So margins have gone from 30%, 40% to 20%, 30% something like that. I mean, those are some rough numbers.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Tom Catherwood with BTIG. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas Catherwood: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I want to touch on tenant health for a bit. Obviously, we talked about higher cost of capital and less availability of debt when it comes to real estate but it's also impacting operating industries across the board. With your expectation of slower economic activity this year, are there any industries where you would be concerned about increasing your exposure at this point in time.
Hamid Moghadam: Let's talk about credit loss as a measure of customer stability. Bad debt ratio and all that. It's historically, in our business has been in the tens of basis points. Even when you had the lapse in demand in the immediate aftermath of COVID that number got to 60 basis points. So -- and Chris, what would you guess our number is going to get to in the cycle when it's all over in terms of bad debt.
Chris Caton: I'd say 20, I'm jumping in here. I think 20 will be on average.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. So I mean, we don't see it in the numbers and the number of bankruptcies, et cetera, et cetera, that we're monitoring and working on are really not unusual in fact, I would say, that's somewhat unusual. I was expecting more of them than we're seeing in this point in the cycle. And honestly, we would like to see more of them because, frankly, there's so much mark-to-market in those leases that those kinds of tenant departures are actually an upside. So if anybody sort of has problems with their business or is looking to downsize. We look at that as an opportunity to do a buyout and actually be able to extract higher rents in the marketplace. So really not a concern. And that number -- those numbers that I talked about are out there. You can go look at them and plot the curve. They've been coming down substantially as opposed to from very low levels, but they're still coming down.
Tim Arndt: I might add on to that one final thought, which is I think the 20 that I'm throwing out is a reflection of some mix shift on credit, I think, in the last five years with the markets this tight, we've not only been able to push rents, keep the portfolio occupied, but we've been greatly enhancing the credit profile of our rent roll, and we think we've got a really strong customer base.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. One final statistic that you guys don't have visibility to, but I'm reading off my sheet of stats here. Historical average of credit watch tenants for us, long-term historical average has been 4.9%. We just watch them. By the way, the average actual default has been 0.15. So we worry about a lot more things than we should. That credit watch number today is at 3.35. So it's down substantially. And so is the actual bad debt ratio. So we worry about a lot of things, but most of them don't actually happen and the numbers are actually quite healthy, not just -- not even adjusting for the cycle and the fact that it's a softening cycle, but just even in the best of markets, these statistics would show up as very good.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Todd Thomas: Hi. Thanks. I wanted to follow up on the demand environment and your comments about a more challenging macro in relation to the development starts. I guess, how much visibility do you actually have on starts in the second half of the year as it pertains to the full year target of $2.5 billion to $3 billion? How quickly can that ramp up? And then development yields for what's under construction, they were higher by 20 basis points versus last quarter on the '23 and '24 under construction pipeline. Is that due to improved economics around rents or moderating construction costs which I think you mentioned or really a combination of the two? And do you expect to see further improvements in development yields as you look out in the future?
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. Most of our land is entitled and entitlement is a pretty broad definition. I mean, fully entitled means that you pulled the building permit on this specific building that you can start but you might have entitlements and you haven't pulled the specific building permit because you don't exactly know how big a building you're going to build or in what configuration. But 80% of our land is entitled in terms of discretionary entitlements and about 20% to 30% of our land is really good to go with building permits pulled. So that is not a limiter on our ability to start development. So we can start whatever development we want to as we monitor the marketplace. The reason for development yields going on -- going up is that rent growth has been higher than we forecast. And the costs are essentially the same because we've locked in some of those construction values on the buildings that are starting today. The comment about construction cost has nothing to do with what you're seeing on the starts today. It will affect yield on starts down the road. Our view has changed. That's one area where our view has changed materially. We thought there would be some softening of construction costs to the tune of 5% to 10% and because of IRA and all this new fiscal stimulus going into the construction industry, I mean, it uses the same labor, same materials and everything. Contractors still have pretty good pricing power. So that -- what we thought was going to be a 5% to 10% decline, it's going to be inflationary increase. So the swing is actually pretty material. Having said all of that, the rental growth more than makes up for it. So I think our yields are trending up.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please proceed.
Anthony Powell: Hi. Good morning. Quick one for me, I guess, any change in the tenor of conversations with your lending partners or underwriters after the SIVB collapse? Or are you seeing just increased confidence from your partners that you seek to do financing in the future?
Hamid Moghadam: They're asking us a lot of money. No, it's not really. I mean where that balance sheet is bulletproof. I mean, frankly, we have better balance sheet than most of our banks. So no and we're not really a bank borrower per se, we tap into the capital markets all the time.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC. Please proceed.
Michael Carroll: Yeah, thanks. I just wanted to follow up on your planner potential willingness to invest into the property funds. And can you quantify how much you would like? Or are you willing to invest in those funds? And are there any particular ones that you would want to invest in like USLF or PELF or is that still a TBD right now?
Hamid Moghadam: Well, we're going to invest in PELF sooner than USLF because we think the value adjustments in Europe have been quicker than they have been in the U.S. But I suspect we're only a quarter or so away from even the U.S. adjusting to a normalized value at least we hope. So look, it's a $140 billion balance sheet. So even if we just wanted to allocate 1% of it, and I'm not saying we're going to allocate 1%. I'm just kind of size the issue for you, that could be $1.5 billion. We're probably not going to invest $1.5 billion, but it's got to be like a small portion of our overall balance sheet. But we love that stuff because we know it. We like it. It's exactly the kind of property we want to have. And redemptions give us a really good opportunity to do that without affecting the strategy of the fund.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
James Feldman: Great. Thank you. I thought your commentary on credit was pretty interesting in terms of how low it is. I guess you have such a wide view of what's going on in the world. Can you just talk through maybe across your regions, some of the data points you're seeing that either give you some confidence in where the economy is heading or give you some concern about where the economy is heading and how that factors into where you want to put capital to work?
Hamid Moghadam: I'll just take two things. This is more a global comment than US comment. Japan is having more supply than it normally has, but demand is actually still pretty strong. I'm a little worried about vacancy rates in Japan going up into the mid-teens. So that's one place we're seeing it. The U.K. has actually been pretty surprisingly good on the industrial side. If you look at the headlines for the U.K., you would expect more trouble than what we're seeing in the industrial market. In the U.S., it's -- I can't think of a trend that it's worth talking about that. The markets are generally pretty good. I mean can you guys think of anything?
Chris Caton: Hey, Jamie, it's Chris Caton. There's been a lot of economic news over the last few weeks, and I think there are probably three takeaways. The first is consumers are stable, notwithstanding all the noise in that. And it seems to be treading towards perhaps GDP growth of 2%, if not a bit higher. Second, I think quite clearly, e-commerce is reaccelerating with online shopping, now back on trend taking 100 basis points of share from in-store. And the third is, indeed, inventories are rising but they have not yet risen to pre-COVID level, little on a higher level for resilience.
Hamid Moghadam: With Jamie's question, that's the last one in the queue. I wanted to thank all of you for participating in our call. We're excited over here because it's our 40th anniversary that we'll be celebrating in June. And there are going to be lots of opportunities between the investor meeting later on in the year and also GROUNDBREAKERS where we will be speaking to you. So I look forward to seeing all of you and take care.
Operator: And that concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-18 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to the Prologis Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference will be recorded. I will now turn the conference over to our host, Jill Sawyer, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Jill Sawyer: Thanks, Diego, and good morning. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2022 earnings conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. Id like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as managements beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or other SEC filings. Additionally, our fourth quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation for those measures. Id like to welcome Tim Arndt, our CFO, who will cover results, real-time market conditions and guidance. Hamid Moghadam, our CEO and our entire executive team are also with us today. With that, I will hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Arndt: Thanks, Jill. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Let me begin by thanking our global team for delivering an excellent quarter and year. We have had outstanding results despite challenging headwinds from the capital markets and the overall economic backdrop. In the face of this, our focus has been to serve our customers and investors putting our heads down and executing on our long-term plan. As you see in our results, our portfolio is in excellent shape, driven by still strong demand and a continued lack of availability. This foundation for our business not only drove our nearly 13% increase in year-over-year core earnings, but it also sets up the company for sustainable growth for years to come. Turning to results. Core FFO excluding promotes was $4.61 per share and including promotes was $5.16 per share, ahead of our forecast. In the fourth quarter, our operating results again generated several new records. Occupancy increased to 98.2%, with retention of 82%. The Prologis portfolio excluding Duke added 30-basis-point of the 40-basis-point increase over the quarter. While we tend to quote occupancy, it is notable that the portfolio is 98.6% leased, a record that underscores the tightness across our markets. Rent change for the quarter was 51% on a net effective basis. The step down from our third quarter rent change of 60% is a reflection of mix and not market rents. In fact, market rent growth exceeded expectations during the quarter, increasing our lease mark-to-market to a record 67%. These results drove same-store growth to 7.7% on a net effective basis and 9.1% on cash. The Duke portfolio having closed on October 3rd, is fully integrated in these results, with the exception of same-store growth, which will not be reflected until the first quarter of 2024. On the balance sheet, while access to the debt markets have remained challenging for many issuers, we successfully executed a number of transactions during the quarter, raising over $1.1 billion at an interest rate below 3%, including $700 million of new unsecured borrowings out of Japan and Canada. Our credit metrics continue to be excellent and we have maintained over $4 billion of liquidity at year-end with borrowing capacity across Prologis and the open-ended funds of $20 billion, expanded significantly due to our balance sheet growth from the Duke acquisition. With regard to our markets and leasing activity, the bottomline is that conditions remain healthy and there is little we see across our results or proprietary metrics that point to a meaningful slowdown. We see a normalization of demand and when combined with low vacancy, it continues to translate to a meaningful increase in rents. Across our markets, rent growth was nearly 5% during the quarter, driving the full year to 28%. Proposal activity for available space was consistent with our recent history, and given persistent low vacancy, there is simply a very small number of units to even propose deals on. As evidenced, over 99% of our portfolio is either currently leased or in negotiation. Utilization remains high at 86%, near its all time record and deal gestation ticked up over the quarter, indicative of more careful consideration and time being taken in leasing decisions. While we are watching e-commerce carefully, its share of overall retail sales have increased to 22%, which is 600 basis points above its pre-pandemic level. Putting the nuance of mix, timing and other factors aside, as measured by retention, occupancy or rent change, it is clear that customers need to commit to space to market conditions, which offer them very little choice. In terms of supply, the development pipeline across our market stands at 565 million square feet and our expectation for the year is that the pipeline will decline. Deliveries will put modest upward pressure on vacancies from 3.3% today towards 4% later in the year. However, new development starts are slowing in response to the market environment, which will reduce vacancies in late 2023 or 2024. In Europe, we expect deliveries to outpace absorption by approximately 30 million square feet, expanding the current 2.6% vacancy rate to approximately 3.5%. Finally, and as expected, our true months of supply metric grew to 25 months in the U.S. from 22 months last quarter. As a reminder, this metric has averaged roughly 36 months over the last 10 years. In capital markets, transactions continue to be slow in the fourth quarter, making price discovery challenging. That said, return requirements are trending to the low-to-mid 7% range. This expansion further affected appraised values in our funds, although continued rent growth has mitigated some of the effect. Our U.S. values, which were appraised by third parties every quarter, declined 6% this quarter and 7% over the entire second half. In Europe, values declined approximately 12% during the quarter and 16% over the half. Our open-end funds have received only modest redemption requests, less than 3% of net asset value during the quarter, totaling 5% across the second half. Our flagship funds have strong balance sheets with low leverage, largely undrawn credit facilities, cash on hand and undrawn equity commitments. While we believe the value declines over the second half reflect market, investors are still adjusting to a new environment. Because we strive to be consistent in our actions and fair to all investors, we will redeem units call equity and resume asset contributions when price discovery has run its course. We expect that to be one quarter to two quarters away likely sooner in Europe. This will ensure certainty, fairness and consistency to all of our investors. Turning to our outlook for 2023, while our macro forecast assumes a moderate recession, which may put headwinds on demand, our business is driven by secular forces and long-term planning by our customers that should limit the impact unless such a downturn becomes significant and protracted. As mentioned earlier, we believe vacancy will build in the market and our portfolio, both of which are unsustainably low. Putting this sentiment together with our outlook on supply and demand, our 2023 rent forecast calls for approximately 10% growth in the U.S. and 9% globally. We acknowledge that our rent forecasts have proven conservative in recent years, but we are comfortable with this starting point given the environment. Specific to our portfolio and on an our share basis, we expect average occupancy to range between 96.5% and 97.5%, roughly 50 basis points lower than the 2022 midpoint. Combined with rent change, we forecast to generate net effective same-store growth of approximately 8% to 9% with casting store growth between 8.5% and 9.5%. Given these assumptions, we believe our lease mark-to-market will be sustained or even increased over 2023, ending the year between 65% and 70%, and providing visibility to an incremental $2.9 billion of NOI after the more than $300 million that will become realized over the course of this year. We expect G&A to range between $370 million and $385 million, reflecting not only inflation in wages and other corporate costs, but also additional investments we are making in our Essentials business particularly in the energy teams.  In that regard, we expect the contribution to FFO from Essentials to range between $0.07 and $0.09 this year. This reflects 70% growth in revenues and tax credits from 2022, but offset in the near-term by our higher Duke related share count and the G&A investments just mentioned. In terms of operational metrics for the business, we expect to add 115 megawatts of solar power over the year driving the portfolio to approximately 540 megawatts by year end. Its worth noting that we closed 2022 as the second largest on-site power producer in the U.S., a position we will build upon with our plan for 1 gigawatt of production and storage by 2025. We also forecast to have over 20 EV charging clusters installed and operational by year-end. In deployment, we will continue to be disciplined in our approach to new starts. We have over $39 billion of opportunities to select from in our land bank and between our expectations for build-to-suits and logical markets prospect, we see an active year of starts initially to range between $2.5 billion and $3 billion with a real opportunity to grow as conditions warrant. As mentioned earlier, we plan for redemptions to be cleared out over the year and private fundraising to resume. Accordingly, we forecast contribution activity to occur primarily in the second half and resulting in combined contribution and disposition guidance of $2 billion to $3 billion. Finally, in strategic capital, we forecast revenues excluding promotes to range between $500 million and $525 million, which is impacted by valuation write-downs across 2022 and the first half of 2023. We are forecasting net promote income of $0.40 based on an assumption that U -- that values in USLF, primary source of 2023 promotes will decline further from values at year end, every 1% change in asset value equates to slightly less than $0.02 of net promote income. Putting this all together, we expect core FFO excluding promotes to range between $5 per share and $5.10 per share. At the midpoint of our guidance, this represents approximately 9.5% growth over 2022. We are guiding core FFO including promotes to range between $5.40 per share and $5.50 per share. In closing, this guidance builds upon an exceptional three-year period of sector-leading earnings growth. At our 2019 Investor Day, we presented a three-year plan, targeting 8.5% annual growth, we achieved nearly 14% over this period, 550 basis points of annual outperformance. We expect 2023 to be a year where headlines continue to be disconnected from our business and ability to deliver strong growth and valuation. While there are many unknowns generally, there are more knowns in our business that are clear, such as our lease mark-to-market, significant and visible opportunity in our land bank, a need for excitement for -- a need and excitement for a new generation of sustainable energy solutions, and a dedicated team that is the best in the business and laser focused on delivering leading results. We will now turn the call over to the Operator to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore. Please state your question.
Steve Sakwa: Yeah. Thanks. I guess good morning out there. Tim, I just wanted to clarify in your kind of going through your guidance, you throw out a lot of numbers. I just want to make sure on the mark-to-market numbers that are embedded in your same-store NOI growth of 8% to 9% GAAP and 8.5% to 9.5% cash. Just what are you expecting for cash and GAAP leasing spreads and I just want to make sure thats different than the kind of overall portfolio mark-to-market you talked about 65% to 70%?
Tim Arndt: Yeah. They are going to be stronger. As you think about the lease mark-to-market, its all of the leases, so it represents old leases and leases just done. So, clearly, everything that will roll next year is going to be above the 67% reporting today. Its a little bit flatter than you might expect as we have looked at it. I think leasing spreads next year are going to be in the high 70s to low 80s on a net effective basis and then as we know that the cash basis of that has trended towards about 1,500 basis points or so inside of that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Mailman with Citi. Please state your question.
Craig Mailman: Hey. Good morning, everyone. I just want to hit on the capital deployment side of things, maybe a two-parter here. Just first on the stabilization, so just the kind of the -- what you guys have stabilizing the $2.8 billion at your share, can you just bridge that gap versus the $5.5 billion that you have on page 20 of expected deliveries or completions in 2023? And maybe just give us some sense of timing on that, I know I think about 30% of those are build-to-suits. So also how you are thinking about where the preleasing is on the balance of that as well and kind of how that layers into your occupancy assumption?
Tim Arndt: Yeah. I will take -- Craig, its Tim. I will take the first half and Dan can help with the second. This is really a date issue, I would say, not even an issue, but just a function of the date. We have a large amount of that group of stabilization we believe will occur in the first quarter of 2024 and I think there is a very real possibility that if we improve some of the leasing timing by just a month or two, we could see a decent amount of that actually fall back into 2023. So its just a function of crossing over a calendar year to lay up the mix of all of our projects is landing.
Dan Letter: And this is Dan. I will just pile on there. The pre-leasing in that portfolio, as you see, theres 29% of that thats in there as a build-to-suit. The pre-leasing is better than that 29%, and I would say, on track with historical averages even on a bigger data set here. So we feel really good about delivering our stabilization at this year and next.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Please state your question.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks and good morning. I was curious about the investment capacity that you show in your supplemental of $1.5 billion is down from $4.2 billion. I just want to understand what that actually represents? And tying that to your comments about contributions perhaps picking back up if conditions settle out, how does that comment compared to the $1.5 billion capacity and how much river room [ph] do you ultimately have an increase on that capacity? Thank you.
Tim Arndt: Hey, Ki Bin. So what I would do with regard to investment capacity is relying more on the way I am describing it in our prepared remarks, the $20 billion and $4 billion or $5 billion across the funds. The number thats presented in the sup, which is what I think you are referring to is a bit technical about the current amount of equity that can be drawn in the funds and then that number is levered slightly, so thats why its a bit understated. The number we supplemented with in prepared remarks is looking at the overall leverage of the fund and how much more capacity sits beyond just that of committed equity post-leverage. So, for example, our USLF venture is very low leverage, just about 10% and that creates an incredible amount of debt capacity, as you can imagine. And I think that winds up addressing your second question, which is the liquidity and the funds for contributions, theres a lot there for us to have over time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Please state your question.
Derek Johnston: Hi, everyone. How are you doing? Can you give us an update on the markets in Europe, the mark-to-market there, any leasing trends? I think you touched briefly on the private market transaction backdrop. We definitely see the U.S. mark-to-market getting wider. I guess how do you view demand in Europe and the differences between the U.S. and Europe unfolding in 2023? Thank you.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. Let me start with some general comments. Europe is generally a mild and more muted version of the U.S. both on the way up and on the way down and the market is -- has a lower vacancy rate than the UAE -- than the U.S., if you can believe it. So thats a general backdrop. Thats very consistent with the way Europe has behaved in the last 10 years or 15years. As to the specifics on mark-to-market and alike, Dan, do you want to cover that?
Dan Letter: Yeah. Sure. Mark-to-market -- lease mark-to-market in Europe is about 28%, and I would say, just overall, we feel very good about the leasing demand in Europe right now. We talked about at the -- in the remarks about an expansion in the vacancy, but overall, we feel really good about where its headed.
Hamid Moghadam: And the -- you might ask what about the U.K., because thats the one you hear about all the time, and actually thats really strong, too, so far. So we have actually been surprised on the positive side with the U.K. The other place that is really held up well is actually Germany, which you would have guessed with energy issues would be softer, it hasnt been and theres virtually no vacancy in Germany. And some of the manufacturing coming back, particularly autos, et cetera, are really strengthening Central and Eastern Europe the markets, particularly in Poland, where theres this perennial vacancy. Its sort of tightening up.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please state your question.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. I want to dig in a little bit to the sectors that you are seeing driving leasing demand, lets say, in the fourth quarter and so far this year, whether you have seen any changes in types of customers taking space versus a year ago? And then, I guess, when we think about the broader retailer bucket, where you did see some retailers reporting year-over-year sales declines in the back half of last year, wondering if any pieces of that category are you seeing less demand?
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. The only category that is significantly below the trend and is likely to be that way is housing, because the starts are slowing. But with respect to other detail, Chris, do you want to take that?
Chris Caton: Yeah. Its absolutely right. Generally, Nick, it was diverse. So whether we look at consumer products, whether we look at apparel, food and beverage customers, we have a diverse range of customers leasing space from us beyond the housing categories, which would include construction, it could include home goods and alike.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. And retail sales on a real basis, notwithstanding the weaker for instance December and November are good. I think its between 2.5% and 3% up compared to the year before. So, yeah, you do hear the headlines of the weaker with retailers, but I think if you look at it overall, its actually pretty positive. Its more positive than the headlines. I wouldnt say, its super positive, but its much better than the headlines.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please state your question.
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning. Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my question. You clearly laid out the building blocks of your same-store NOI growth of 8.5% to 9.5% in 2023, where you have a high level of visibility, obviously, a lot of macro uncertainty out there. Can you provide the specific assumptions you have used for your initial 2023 outlook and then just where and how a change in the macro environment could provide upside or downside to your initial guidance? Thanks.
Hamid Moghadam: Macro environment other than, call it, defaults or something that has an immediate effect are not going to drive the numbers big time in 2023, because a lot of the leasing that needs to take place in 2023 is already in progress or been dealt with. We are dealing with very high occupancy levels. To start with, there is not a whole lot of space to lease and the real driver of those same-store numbers is the huge mark-to-market in the portfolio that already exists. So thats -- so dont expect, even if we change the assumptions by a lot, the numbers for 2023 are not going to move that much. They will, obviously, move as you get further along into the future. So thats one comment I would make. The second comment I would make is that in every year in the last three years or four years, we started the year with rental assumptions that we have exceeded sometimes by a factor of 3x to 4x. So I am not saying thats going to happen this year, but there is absolutely no reason in the world to go crazy on our assumptions with respect to rental rates, particularly they dont have an effect in 2023 anyway. So we will see how it plays and if we see evidence of stronger rental growth and my bet would be a surprise on the upside of our assumptions, not the other way around, then we will let you know and you can adjust the numbers accordingly. Tim?
Tim Arndt: Yeah. Just building on that, Michael, if you, within the supplemental, you can see our lease expiration schedule. Out of that, you will see we have about 13% rolling and thats a mix of what is stated as expiring, which is another 9%, but also things that we have already addressed ahead of entering the year here. So the footnotes will tell you that. You get to 13% there. SME said, start with the 67% lease mark-to-market. You have got 10% market rent growth for the year. You assume we will get that halfway through the year. One thing we see people get wrong is that will take you to a certain amount of rent change. You actually get half that rent change this year, you get half of 2022s rent change as well. There is a mathematic thing that you need to be mindful of given the quantum of rent change we are talking about lately. That will all get you to close to 9% and then we backed off an assumption on occupancy loss, which we couldnt point to right now, but just feels prudent in the environment, so we have taken our guidance down there a bit.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vince Tibone with Green Street. Please state your question.
Vince Tibone: Hi. Good morning. How should we think about the organic same-store NOI growth for the legacy Duke portfolio in 2023, given them thats outside of guidance? Is it lower than guidance for the legacy PLD portfolio in the same ballpark, just given the thought that you do any color you could share would be helpful?
Hamid Moghadam: Well, it will be lower for one reason anyway, which is that they started at a higher level of occupancy. So putting even rent aside on a same-store basis theres less opportunity. They generally had longer term leases because they generally have bigger spaces. So that affects the mix, but Tim?
Tim Arndt: Well, I think, an important thing to remember here and we have seen some people not have this entirely correct modeling is just understanding that on a GAAP basis there will be very little same-store. Theres potential for some, but because we mark the leases up to market now at the close on a net effective basis there will be very little same-store growth, thats contemplated in our guidance. On a cash basis, I expect it would look quite similar to Prologis.
Vince Tibone: Thats really helpful.
Hamid Moghadam: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from...
Hamid Moghadam: By the way, if I can continue that. One thing that you didnt ask, but its important in this context, and Dan can elaborate, is that the rental performance of the Duke portfolio on the few spaces that have come up for releasing or were in progress during the time we were doing the transaction are trending significantly higher than what we had underwritten. Dan, can you quantify that?
Dan Letter: Yeah. I actually go as far as saying we expect to outperform the operating portfolio to 11% to 13%, call it, now 8% of that is going to come from market rent growth, so really 3% to 5% of that comes from just operating that portfolio in the Prologis platform.
Operator: Next question comes from Tom Catherwood with BTIG. Please state your question.
Tom Catherwood: Thanks. Tim, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that the outlook for 2023 assumes a recession and if we look back to previous recessionary cycles, usually we get declines in consumption, which drives lower demand for industrial space. But we have also never started a cycle with kind of persistently low vacancy like we have right now or tailwinds from e-commerce and supply gain reconfiguration. So kind of within that backdrop of assuming a recession, how do you think it could be different this time and kind of what do you have baked into your numbers for that for 2023?
Hamid Moghadam: So given that Tim was in kindergarten when cycle started, Tim and I are a little bit different than our recession outlook, but I dont think it matters. I think Tim would tell you that if theres a recession, theres a very mild recession and my bet would be that we wouldnt have a recession, but it would be close to zero GDP growth for a while. So call it recession or no recession, but the same outcome. I think whats different about other cycles and I say that with a lot of dislike for the phrase thats different this time is that, there were really two situations where we had negative absorption in the U.S., which is where we have data. One was on the hill of dotcom and there you had a high vacancy rate. On top of it, you had a very low utilization rate because there was a lot of capital for these dotcom, particularly e-commerce retailers and they were taking space way ahead of demand, so there was a lot of shadow space too. So when you add those two, it was a very, very high vacancy type of market during that time, so 2000, 2001 timeframe. The next time you had a pretty significant negative absorption with 2008, 2009, and we all know the reasons for that. And there, you also started with a significantly higher vacancy rate. I think it was 7% or 8% before the music stopped and all I can tell you is that, Prologis -- the old Prologis with the funny LA loan [ph] had 52 million square feet of vacant spec space that they had to lease. I think AMD at the time have like 8 million square feet or 9 million square feet. So nothing like you are talking about here, particularly given the different scale of the company and how lease we are starting out. Now even in that situation where we are normally at about 95% occupancy, we went down to about 91% in both cases. So I dont see anything near that. I mean its mathematically impossible. Even if absorption goes to zero right now, we dont lease any more of the under development spec space and absorption goes to zero, I mean, you will be under 5% vacancy, which used to be considered a great strong market. And the capital up, we didnt have this kind of mark-to-market. I mean the mark-to-markets in those days were in the mid single-digit range and now we are talking about 70% almost. So a very different picture.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc. Please state your question.
Todd Thomas: Yeah. Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I just had a question about market rents actually, so the 10% market rent forecast in the U.S. Can you just discuss that or break it out a little bit for us in terms of coastal versus non-coastal in terms of your expectations just in the context of supply growth that you are seeing and the demand backdrop in general?
Chris Caton: Yeah. Hey. Its Chris Caton. So indeed we expect 10% in the U.S. thats going to vary. Typical spread between coastal, non-coastal is 300 basis points to 500 basis points, at least thats where it was running, say, pre-pandemic and we expect a wider spread in the current environment. So whether you look at vacancy, whether you look at the under construction pipeline, whether you look at the momentum in pricing in the back half of last year including fourth quarter that leads you to conclude on the coastal outperformance continuing at a greater than historical average in 2023.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey. I just want to go back to some of the comments on the third-party management. I think you talked about valuations being down 7% in the back half of last year and potentially continuing into this year and the redemptions potentially ending in the first two quarters of the year. I just want to get a sense, any more color how are you thinking about that, is it because the valuations have been repriced that you expect sort of the redemptions to stop? What should we be looking for to get more confidence in that? Thanks.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. There are two things that usually drive redemption requests. One is sort of the denominator effect and people needing and two is some folks want to arbitrage the lag between the -- how quickly the public markets adjust and the backward looking appraisal process. In our experience in past downturns, the second has taken about three quarters to be fully reflected in appraisals. So we really dont want to disadvantage one group of investors. By the way, the vast majority of our investors, 95% of them, because a couple of points of people want to arbitrage that difference, so we want to make sure the valuations are right before those things transact. We think Europe has actually adjusted quicker than the U.S. and thats why we think theres maybe another quarter to go before Europe fully adjust. So we are committed to taking care of those redemptions in the next quarter. And we think the U.S. may take another quarter to adjust and we will take care of those in the second quarter. Here is whats important and people dont get about the structure of our funds. First of all, our leverage is in the low 20% range on these funds. So theres oodles of liquidity in these firms to basically be able to handle any redemption requests -- any reasonable redemption request. And secondly, we started with the Q and we started with some cash on hand. So, again, there are lots of sources for addressing those redemption requests. I think you should assume that redemptions that have been effective as of the end of this quarter will, by and large, be taken care of by the middle of the year and sooner in Europe. So you can model that math beyond that. Now I will tell you one other thing, which is kind of interesting. Prologis could be a buyer up in these fronts, and in fact, even in the global financial crisis, where the old AMB was in a tighter spot with respect to leverage, we actually stepped up and bought on very attractive terms with adjusted values, a couple of hundred million dollars of real estate and we actually offered it to our outside investors first and then we stepped in and bought it. And you know what, the next quarter, all the redemptions went away, because people realized that the people who know the most about this portfolio are buyers at these prices. So its really about getting the values, right? And we started writing down these portfolios a quarter or two ago and our appraisal process is independent. We have nothing to do about it and thats very, very different than some of the redemption situations that we have all been reading about.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question comes from Camille Bonnel with Bank of America. Please state your question.
Camille Bonnel: Hi. Good morning. On your development guidance, can you give us some color on how much conservatism is built into your development starts? And also you are expecting another year of strong stabilization, what assumptions are you making in terms of timing of these projects and is any of the increase in guidance driven by projects from last year taking longer to complete due to longer construction time lines?
Dan Letter: This is Dan. Let me start with this years development start guidance. We are coming off our largest year of starts ever, and just given the macro headlines, we decided to take a little bit more balanced approach where we slowed our starts at the end of last year. We dont expect to start up in earnest until the last half of this year. We think the build-to-suit business will pick up at the same time. So call it conservatism, I call it discipline and just feel really good about our approach, given the volumes over the last year or two. And then stabilization next year, stabilization this year, Tim mentioned it earlier, we think we can outperform. What we have in the books right now, demand continues to be strong. We talked about the development starts plummeting in the marketplace in the fourth quarter. We think they are going to be slower in the first half of the year and we think that bodes well for absorption in the last half of this year into next year. So we feel very good about our guidance.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. There has not been a material delay in any of our construction project, if you look at them on an aggregated basis. So that is not -- that has not shifted stabilizations from 2022 to 2023 or anything like that. Yeah, I cant even think of an example that comes close. And even on the cost side, because we have been thoughtful about procurement and securing some of these type supplies ahead of time. Thats been actually something that we use as a competitive advantage in marketing to build-to-suits, because we have got a bunch of steel and we have got a bunch of air conditioning units and electric panels and things that are insured supply are already sitting in our warehouse waiting to be deployed into our land bank. So no, theres nothing funny going on about that, and by the way, the stabilizations are not just a function of completion of construction, but also leasing being stabilized at 90% or more and that factor hasnt delayed stabilizations either. We have been leasing actually ahead of plan to this day and I think we will -- I expect to continue to do that.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please state your question.
John Kim: Thank you. On the subject of fund redemptions, there are some unlisted funds or non-traded REITs with a different leverage profile than yours, different investor base that are seeing a significant amount of redemption requests and I was wondering if you anticipate this will lead to increased asset sales on the block and potentially some more opportunities for you on the acquisition side?
Hamid Moghadam: I hope it does. I am not optimistic that it will, because if you look at even the denominator problem for most institutions and the fact that they generally have to reduce their exposure to real estate, they are likely not going to want to reduce their exposure to industrial. So I think and with these -- most of the open-end funds, where it would be -- where their mix, they are different property types, the industrial is whats holding up their performance. So for them to disclose those would put them in even a more difficult situation. So I dont think there will be a lot of for sellers in industrial, because to the extent that you are dealing with a leverage issue or a liquidity issue, if you sell your highest yielding assets, you keep tightening the coverage and noose around your neck. So as much as Id like to, I dont think we will see a lot of that. I think where we could see opportunity is actually within our own open-end fund availabilities. If the redemptions continue and we think the values are good, first, we will offer that to all the third-party investors and then we will step in them buy and we like that real estate. We know it well, and we operate it, and if its priced right, we are all buyers, no problem.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Michael Carroll with RBC. Please state your question.
Michael Carroll: Yeah. Thanks. I guess, Hamid, I understand that PLD in the industrial space in general are pretty well positioned in the current environment despite the uncertainty, but is there anything that you are watching out for any specific risks that you foresee for this space here in the next year plus or so?
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. We are watching everything really carefully. I mean I am not -- believe me, we have been through enough cycles and enough where things can happen that none of us predict that we want to be vigilant. Thats why we are starting out the year with very conservative assumptions and things that we can deliver. I mean, I think even on this basis, we are going to, I think, put up unbelievably good numbers. I mean, who can think of almost a digit kind of returns or growth off of such strong growth, 14% per year earnings growth consistently for the last three years. So I think the arrow is up. But, yeah, I mean nobody predicted Putin going into Europe last year. Its usually the stuff that you dont -- you cant predict. I mean, am I worried about inflation really thanking our numbers? No. Am I really worried about recession thanking our numbers? No. Am I worried about e-commerce going out the window and people going back to shopping deals the way without that percentage going up? No, I am not worried about those things. But I am worried about things that I dont even know what to worry about. You get my drip there, anyway. So, yeah, theres always bad stuff that can happen that are out of the realm of normal projections.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Mike Mueller: Yeah. Hi. What are the anticipated yields for your 2023 development starts?
Dan Letter: Anticipated -- this is Dan. The anticipated yields are actually up slightly, but still in the low 6s, 6.1-ish, 6.2-ish.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please state your question.
Anthony Powell: Hi. Good morning. Question on utilization, which increased in the quarter, what drove that growth given all the headlines we see about port volumes were not declining and how big of a driver of the higher utilization is for your outlook for this year given the strong outlook this year?
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. I dont think utilization actually moved that much. I mean the peak utilization ever all time was 87%. And I think that 1 point is well within the sampling bias that can take place, because its not a perfect data set. Its a sample of large data sets. So I dont think theres a meaningful trend in certainly not a decelerating trend in utilization. With respect to port volumes, I think, port volumes are pretty meaningless in the last -- really since COVID started, because there were so many fits and starts and play things being in the wrong place and all that. And yeah, the West Coast ports have lower volumes today than they did before, but the East Coast and golf ports are getting a lot more volume than they did before. So on an aggregate basis, port volumes are just fine and if you look at the lag that it takes too many empty containers on one side of the ocean, and factories shutting down on the other side of the ocean and all that. I think until the market normalizes, you cant really draw any conclusions from port volumes. So I dont see either one of those two trends affecting demand. Chris, do you want to?
Chris Caton: Yeah. I will just build on that by saying two things are also happening. One is market vacancies in the U.S. are 3.2%, 3.3% lower in Europe. That, in its own right creates some pent-up demand and so theres a need to push utilization within the facilities. And then second, look, inventories are up 15% on a year-on-year basis -- on a nominal basis and 9%, 10% on a real basis. So there is real structural demand, lifting new demand, as well as in-place customers.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. Notwithstanding that increase in real inventories, we still think we are less than halfway towards equilibrium level of inventories about 45% of the way there. So we think theres a lot of tailwind behind inventories, too.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
Blaine Heck: Great. Thanks. So related to that last question, and Hamid, your comments on that progress towards equilibrium inventory, can you just talk about your recent conversations with customers? Whats your sense for how they are balancing this investment need and CapEx spend against concerns about the economic slowdown or recession and higher overall cost of capital?
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. I will pitch it to Mike for more detailed comments on this. So my sense is that customers are -- dont have quite as much fomo as they did before. In other words, they are not in the hard mentality of lets go get this place, because if we dont, somebody else will and all that. I think the market has rationalized with respect to pace of leasing demand and people are being more thoughtful about how they go about their thinking space, because forget about what they pay us in rent. I mean every time you open a new large warehouse, theres a lot of CapEx that goes into it and all that, real estate is the least of your worries. Its all the other stuff that you have to put in. So I think people are cautious, but they also realize, particularly on the e-comm side that this was a theoretical threat before the COVID. Now they see what really happened to their business during COVID. So they are very anxious to build out their full e-commerce supply chain, which is oftentimes a different one than their bricks-and-mortar supply chain. So I would say, demand has broadened, its much less all about Amazon, its much broader than that. But its pretty strong. Is it the strongest its ever been? No, its not as strong as 2021. But compared to any 10-year period you want to look at, its -- we would consider this a very strong market. Mike?
Mike Curless: Yeah. I would just to pile on. I mean, on a net basis, the activity is still very strong, decision time line is definitely have stretched out of people to be more cautious. But remember, these structural configurations we have been talking about for two year or three years continue to march on, perhaps, at a bit of a slower rate, but ultimately, it comes down to the fear of not having the right space when you needed to hear from now is overwriting, taking space thats a little bit too early. So broadly we feel pretty good about this overall activity.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Craig Mailman with Citi. Please state your question.
Craig Mailman: Hey, guys. I just want to follow up on these demand discussions, because this is a constant question I get from clients here and maybe its more of a Chris question, but Hamid feel free to jump in, too. Just in terms of in these era of low vacancies were really not in the least, so net absorption is not necessarily the best leading indicator of demand. I mean what are you guys using at least to kind of use as your forward-looking indicator on and destruction or something that the market could look to, because it just seems like retentions are still high, availability is low, construction could fall off, but everyone is talking about inventories big higher, utilization will be higher, so people needing less of the space, but its just from your commentary, it seems like this is not really filtering through what you guys are seeing and just some thoughts there. Then related to that, Chris, I mean, what would it take for market rents to actually turn negative, because thats a question I get a lot as well and I am just kind of curious in your modeling kind of what inputs with that to really turn to get that from the positive 10% you are seeing to somewhere below zero?
Hamid Moghadam: Okay. Let me start. I am sure Chris can give much more color. I would state this, in 40 years ago on this, this is the biggest disconnect that I have seen between the macro economy and the prospects for our business. Usually, those things -- two things are much more aligned and this time around, they just appear to be completely disconnected for a variety of reasons that we talked about at nauseam. So I think where pricing goes away is, vacancy is going to 7% to 8% and staying there. And if you do the math on that, you need another in the U.S., I dont know, 2 billion, 3 billion square feet of unleased construction coming online and you cant do it overnight, maybe 1 billion something median. We can do the math. But its a big number and you are not going to keep doing that if space that -- if the first 100 million feet doesnt lease, you are not going to do that. And by the way, this cycle, you have a couple of big players in the business that have much more to gain from the fundamentals of the business being stronger, rents being stronger than a few bucks they may make on additional development. So there is an economic incentive to be disciplined. In prior cycles, mostly driven by merchant builders and private developers, they dont really care what their rental market was. They just wanted to build the product and sell to somebody else and that will be their problem. Today, those two sites are connected to one another. So I think that the motivations are really different and absent the nuclear work type of scenario. I just dont see vacancy rates going to a level that will lead to a reduction in rents. Its either going to be a demand collapse or a supply explosion and I dont see either one of them happening. The other thing I would say is that we are -- we leased 1 million square feet on a daily basis. Just -- lets get our heads around that, 1 million square feet on a daily basis. We throw these big numbers around without really fully appreciating what the scale of that is. I mean that is 10x the amount of space than anybody else in leases in any sector in real estate. So by watching these customers and their behavior, obviously, we will figure out if some back stuff is about to happen and wont be waiting for the quarterly report to analyze that. So, Chris, do you have specifics?
Chris Caton: Yeah. A couple of specifics, I would lead with our proprietary data leads us to these conclusions. So for example, our sales force pipeline, if we look at the vacancy that we do have, 46% has deals working. Thats in line or above the average that we have experienced through COVID to say nothing of the conversations that Mike and Scott and our customer led solutions team have. In terms of public data, which I think I heard you ask about, Craig. We do publish our IBI survey and our utilization data and so figures like 60, on our IVI, its a diffusion index. So thats consistent with this good or great tone that the team has struck and 86% on utilization, which was discussed earlier are ways that you can see that in the marketplace. And then as it relates to what it would take for rents to fall, Hamid described it very specifically. And Id add one piece of data that, I dont see commonly discussed in the marketplace, but its important to know, which is development starts rather than development completions. Starts in the U.S. were off by a third in the fourth quarter relative to their 2022 trend and on the Continental Europe, they were off by 45%. So we are seeing a sharp marking to market at the capital market environment, the valuation environment and what those buildings might be worth for some of those other folks building buildings.
Hamid Moghadam: By the way, banks are a lot more disciplined, because now they have risk-based capital requirements. So putting out a lot of construction loans on buildings that dont lease like used to happen in prior cycles less likely to happen. So I think the market is generally smarter. Theres a lot more data. Conversations like we are having today never used to take place two decades ago. So the cycles were much more amplified. I think its pretty hard for that to happen. But something can come out of left field. I am not discounting that possibility. Something really bad to come out of left field and change all this, but I just cant think of what that thing would be. But none of us predicted the pandemic I dont think. So things can happen.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Vince Tibone with Green Street. Please state your question.
Vince Tibone: Hi. Thanks for taking my follow-up. I just want to get any color on recent market rent growth and how that may differ between suite size, like are you seeing any differences in performance between bulk buildings and smaller more infill facilities?
Hamid Moghadam: I would generally tell you that the smaller spaces are having a tougher time to the extent of anybody having a tougher time, but Chris is looking up the specific. They are not radically different, but why dont we do this, why dont we go to the next -- you got it.
Chris Caton: Okay.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah.
Chris Caton: Right. No. Glad to help you out here. First off, market rent growth had great momentum at the end of the year with 5% growth in the U.S., 3% in Europe. When we look at rent change, which is a great way to understand performance in suite size, its strong across the board. But in fact, late in the year, we saw an improvement in those smaller units, when -- which might be where you are your question is coming from, so it
Hamid Moghadam: Oh! Yeah.
Chris Caton: adverse.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay. Thats different than I would have guessed and I bet you its because there was more available space to absorb in those categories. Those categories were less leased. And by the way, we have them, too. I mean we have some smaller than 100,000 square foot unit. So I would say, occupancy was a little bit lower, so there was more room to lease product at the higher end.
Chris Caton: If we flip it to submarkets and we look at, say, infill which tend to have those smaller units, infill outperformed in the U.S. by 500 -- 400 basis points last year, so say, 34% and in the U.S. in the infill submarkets versus 30% for the whole of the United States.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jamie Feldman with Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
Jamie Feldman: Great. Thank you. Just a quick follow-up from Blaine and myself. So where do you expect to make the most progress on the Essentials business in 2023 and how does that factor into your guidance and earnings? And then also if you could just say where you think cap rates are today versus the peak of the cycle, how much they have moved? Thank you.
Hamid Moghadam: So two things. I think the Essentials business, in terms of percentage growth, I think, our mobility business would be the biggest, because its the smallest right now to start with. So any growth will be the biggest. But in terms of dollar contribution, I would say, solar and storage are coming on the strongest today and operations is to close second behind. I will pitch it to Gary if he has any more to say about that after this. Second part of the question was -- oh, cap rate. So cap rates are really misleading. So we got to be careful about that. Cap rates at market, assuming that you had a building a year and a half ago at market and you have a building at market today, I would guess its 50 basis points to 75 basis points maybe 100 basis points, okay? Its -- call it, 50 basis points to 100 basis points. But you have had all this rental growth in between. So the observed cap rates for the same building this year versus last year with rents that are higher by, I dont know, 10%, 15% or something, would not have moved as much. So, and if you get into weird situations, like some building that was leased five years ago when it comes on the market and its -- and the in-place rent is less than half of what market is, that building could have a lower cap rate than it would have had a year ago. IRR is whats really important based on reasonable assumptions and my guess is that if I were going to pick a number, I would say, low to -- low 7, 7.25-ish in the U.S. and maybe a little bit lower than that in Europe with growth of, say, 4%-ish percent across a 10-year projection, something like that, approximately. Gary, anything on.
Gary Anderson: I think you got it exactly Hamid. I mean to say, in 2023, our mix is going to be about 50% operations and about 50% energy and mobility. The growth rate, obviously, mobility is going to be much higher because its coming off of basically a zero base. Where are we investing? We are investing in our energy and mobility businesses. And thats where we are doing the capability, because actually see the most significant growth of 2025 and beyond. But I mean, just to put a set of stake in this, we are very, very convicted about the potential for these businesses. We are on track to generate our $300 million in revenues and tax benefits by 2025, which we have talked about before and that is going to deliver about $0.25 per share in FFO. And that would be a little bit above our -- that will be about 100 basis points of growth per year compared to our 2019 Investor Day estimates of about 50 basis points. So net-net, look, we are in great shape, that business is growing right on plan and we are going to continue to make investments in that business and this year its going to be in mobility and energy.
Hamid Moghadam: By the way, that 2025 number that Gary just mentioned, its going to be recapturing maybe 15%, 20% of the total opportunity within our portfolio. So there will be a huge runway for growth, and frankly, we are beginning to see more deals out of our own platform, because customers are taking us to buildings that they lease from other people to do the same level of service to them in those other situations. So I cant even begin to quantify that out of platform opportunities. So we are really excited about our Essentials business. Okay.
Jamie Feldman: Thanks.
Hamid Moghadam: I think we are at the top of the hour. I know we have one more question, but maybe we can take that outside the call, Anthony, with our apologies. But thank you for your interest in the company and we look forward to seeing you next quarter. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-19 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Prologis Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Jill Sawyer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may now begin.
Jill Sawyer: Thanks, Darryl and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or other SEC filings. Additionally, our third quarter results, press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures. And in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation for those measures. On October 3rd, we closed on the acquisition of Duke Realty. As a reminder, Dukes results are not contained in our third quarter earnings release. However, within our supplemental, we included a summary of the portfolio integrated as of quarter end. Please refer to our website for details on the transaction.  I'd like to welcome Tim Arndt, our CFO, who will cover results, real-time market conditions and guidance. Hamid Moghadam, our CEO, and our entire executive team are also with us today. With that, I'll hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Arndt: Thanks, Jill. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining our call. We are clearly in a volatile macro environment where ongoing inflation, steeply rising interest rates and the war and energy crisis in Europe are pressuring the global economy. And while we're closely monitoring each element, the fundamentals in our business are very strong, and our read of supply and demand in our markets remains out of sync with the headlines. This morning, we reported excellent third quarter results, which generated many new records in the quarter. Yet, we will spend less time on these results and more time describing our view of the market and how we're navigating the environment. Before doing so, I'd like to thank our teams across the entire organization who did an exceptional job keeping focus on the business, especially while working through the Duke acquisition, which closed on October 3. We fully integrated the portfolio, achieved our day 1 synergies and look forward to the next phase, which is to build AFFO accretion through incremental property cash flows and Essentials income. We move forward with a better portfolio, a larger and stronger balance sheet, talented new employees and new customers to whom we can introduce to our Essentials business. Turning to results. Core FFO was $1.73 per share, including $0.57 of net promote income earned principally from our PELP venture in Europe. Our annual guidance for promotes was $0.60, with most of the revenue to be earned in the third quarter. The amount came in below expectations due to a nearly 5% write-down of European asset values in the quarter, partially offset by an increase in NAV from debt mark-to-market. In the end, the promote was a record high, while the fund enjoyed a high teens annualized IRR across the 3-year performance period despite the recent markdown. I'll note a few operating stats from the quarter, all of which were records for the company. Ending occupancy increased 10 basis points over the quarter to 97.8%. Same-store growth was 8.3% on a net effective basis and 9.3% on a cash basis. Both were driven primarily by rent change, which was 60% on a net effective basis. Separately, the Duke portfolio ended the quarter with 99% occupancy and net effective rent change of 54%. While these markets are outstanding, they are also backward looking. So we've kept focus on more contemporaneous data, namely rent change on signings, which was 84% during the quarter, and our lease mark-to-market, which now stands at nearly 62%. Finally, we had a very active quarter on the balance sheet, raising over $3 billion of debt in a variety of markets and currencies given our broad access, including a $650 million green bond issued in late September. We ended the quarter with debt-to-EBITDA of 4.3x, excluding gains, providing us significant investment capacity. Turning to our observations of current conditions. We continue to see scarcity of available space across our markets. Vacancy rates are at historic lows, and our own occupancy sits at a record high. Market rent growth in the third quarter remained robust in response to this scarcity and continued strong demand. Color across the markets remains generally upbeat in terms of customer inquiries, and our proprietary metrics also reveal healthy activity even if they've softened from the peak demand generated during COVID to levels still above long-term averages. Transaction gestation was stable during the third quarter at 62 days, proposals via available units slowed during the third quarter to levels more in line with the pace of 2019 and indicative of less urgency to renew space far ahead of exploration. Inside our properties are metrics point of activity that is increasing with our IBI index at 63.8%, the 80th percentile and utilization up to 86.6%, the 95th percentile. Our certain customers have publicly announced a pause in CapEx spending, particularly those with more mature supply chains. But active dialogue with the majority of our customers confirms an overarching need to increase space as supply chain resiliency remains a top concern. Shifting to supply. We're seeing initial signs of a deceleration in development activity across our markets as construction and capital costs continue to increase. We believe we could see a gap in deliveries emerge in late '23 or early '24. As for today, our true months of supply metrics sits at a healthy 22 months, up from 18 months last quarter. We've previously explained that we expect to see this metric climb into a low 30 months range, still at a level reflecting a strong operating environment. It's important to acknowledge where supply is being delivered as our submarket location strategies minimize our exposure to new supply. For example, in our coastal U.S. markets where we generate over 50% of our global NOI, vacancies are just 1.7%. Geographically, we have an increased level of focus on Europe given the ongoing war and growing energy crisis. While we're reporting record results, including occupancy at 98.6% in a market with 2.4% vacancy, we are closely monitoring conditions. Customers are exercising caution in response to rising energy costs, which may create headwinds to near-term demand. That said, we also believe that new supply will now decline around 15% in 2023, which should support occupancy. The U.S. remains strong, where we now generate 87% of our NOI with the addition of Duke. Our teams continue to see solid activity, although acknowledging a reduced number of prospects for space compared to what we saw during the frenzy of COVID. Rent change on signings during the quarter was 93%, demonstrating a continuation of favorable pricing dynamics. In Latin America, both Mexico and Brazil are performing well, with very high occupancy over 98% and rent change across the region of 24%. And in Asia, construction costs in Japan are rising most acutely from the weakness in the yen, as well as from competition for key materials to complete construction. Market vacancies have increased, but this constraint on new supply, particularly out to '23 and '24, should provide an offset. The combined picture was positive to third quarter market rent growth, exceeding our expectations and driving a 300 basis point increase of our '22 global forecast to 26%, with the U.S. at 28%, significantly up from the 10% and 11%, respectively, in our initial guidance. It's difficult to fully know the impact of this market rent growth on values given the limited transaction volume in the market. But our view is that the increase in return requirements is more than offsetting rent growth and indeed pressuring values. Based on prior cycles, we can safely assume it will take few quarters for full price discovery to be made as markets stabilize and transaction volumes build. With all this in mind, we're carefully managing the business and approaching our markets with a sense of caution much as we did at the onset of the pandemic. In leasing, despite the very strong spot environment, we are carefully watching for softening demand and will assume that there will be further macro deterioration. In some markets, this will have us managing more for occupancy than rent growth, but in many others, we believe pricing will remain favorable given very low availability. This is an environment where our revenue management capabilities will be the most useful and allow us to manage such decisions lease-by-lease. With deployment, we are reducing our starts guidance to a range of $4.2 billion to $4.6 billion, and we expect our fourth quarter starts will be 60% build-to-suit, reflecting a more cautious approach to deployment in the coming months, aiming to be very selective in new projects. And in terms of strategic capital, we previously mentioned that we expect to see an increase in redemption activity. While we did have inflows from numerous investors, redemptions grew by $1.3 billion, which, for context, is just 3% of our open-end third-party AUM. Our funds have sufficient equity queues to address this activity. In combination with equity called during the quarter, we now sit at net neutral queues. The open-ended funds have ample investment capacity based on overall low leverage, and we are optimistic about the long-term growth of the business. In the near term, we will be prudent as we evaluate further capital deployment, including a pause on contributions in the short term. Turning to guidance, which includes Duke portfolio for the fourth quarter. We are maintaining our guidance for average occupancy, while increasing our net effective same-store guidance to 7.5% to 7.75%, and our cash same-store guidance to 8.5% to 8.75%. We expect to see our lease mark-to-market around 65% at the end of the year. We now expect acquisitions to range between $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion, which increased due to our acquisition activity in Europe during the quarter, and contributions and dispositions to range between $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion. Finally, we are increasing core FFO, excluding Promotes, to $4.60 to $4.62 per share, which includes approximately $0.05 of accretion related to the acquisition of Duke. We are guiding core FFO with Promotes to be $5.12 to $5.14 per share, which incorporates a lower Promote guidance of $0.52, reflective of the higher share count resulting from the Duke transaction. I'd like to point out that our earnings have been unimpacted by FX over this extremely volatile year due to our capital strategy and approach to hedging. The same is true for our equity base, which has very minimal exposure outside of the U.S. dollar despite our global footprint. We will continue to protect both proactively and programmatically. To close, we're proud of how we've positioned the business and are optimistic about the organic growth ahead. We own hard assets with contractual revenues, significant embedded mark-to-market and have meaningful secular drivers that continue to play out. As an organization, we have long had an entrepreneurial and growth mindset. Today, adding new business lines and cash flow streams that are synergistic with our already unique model. We have built the company to thrive across cycles, including uncertain environments like today, where we can seize opportunities and continue to set our business and portfolio apart. We'll now turn the call over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: I don't know, Tim or Hamid, I guess what I'm trying to sort of circle up here is that, I understand why development starts would come down in light of what's going on globally, but yet stabilizations are up but the contributions are down. And I guess what I'm trying to really square up is if the funds still have capacity and they're still interested in deploying money, I'm trying to just really circle up why contributions into funds would be down, which is also impacting development gains?  So is it a pricing issue? Is it a lack of leasing on the assets? I guess, I'm just trying to get a little more color on why that contributions number is down. And I guess I can understand why dispositions would be down in this uncertain capital markets environment, but I'm just trying to get a little bit better handle on the contribution side.
Hamid Moghadam : Yes, Steve, good question. It's actually none of those reasons. The reason the contributions are down is that I made a decision that we are going to contributions until we have much better clarity on valuations, because one of the lessons that we and the former Prologis learned in the last cycle is that it's really, really important not to force any issues when there is the least bit of hesitancy around values. And as much as we have ideas about what values are and where they're going, we don't have absolute certainty about that. So it was completely a voluntary decision. Our leasing of our development business is actually ahead of what -- the way we underwrote the properties, and there is no external constraint on us, including capacity, of which the funds continue to have some. They're getting some redemptions, but they have plenty of leverage capacity, and we continue to raise money even in the same environment, not as much as we did before, but we continue to do that.
Tim Arndt : I would just add, Steve, in relation to your comment on gains in next year, I would just point out that the value creation is occurring regardless of that monetization event. If we hold the development assets on our balance sheet, it's still there at a very attractive yield. And we believe many of those assets will still find their way to the fund. It's just a time, a pause right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with Citi.
Craig Mailman: I just want to go back, Tim, to your commentary, there was, I think, an overarching message that fundamentals are still very strong. And the way it looks to me, you could still have accelerating core growth into next year. But at the same time, you clearly mentioned that some markets you guys would have to be kind of revenue manager here. I just kind of would like a little bit of color on maybe the percentage of those markets or how we should think about what's really at risk from a fundamental perspective? And then also, just as it relates to Duke, clearly, debt rates have moved against you a little bit. And so relative to your initial accretion, there's probably a little bit of a headwind there. And I'm just curious, too, as you guys kind of start to bid and kind of coming down a bit this year, where is your updated accretion number for Duke for the first 12 months?
Hamid Moghadam : That was a couple of questions and 1 big question. So let me take parts of it, and I'm sure Tim and Dan will have a follow-up on this. In terms of fundamentals, what we're saying is that if a normal range of market outcomes is kind of 0 to 10, we were operating in an environment that was maybe at 12 for the last 18 months, and that's coming down to sort of a 9, 9.5 today. And that's why weve shared with you the percentiles of utilization and occupancy and business activity that are part of our proprietary data that we survey customers around. So by any measure, other than the last 18 months, I would say, we're in very strong market conditions. And during those periods of sort of 9, 9.5, there are always a couple of markets that are weaker than others. The key markets are exceptionally strong. I mean, L.A., basically L.A. and Inland Empire, there's no vacancy in New Jersey, there's no vacancy and so on and so forth. But there are markets where vacancy rates are in the 5%, 6% range. That, by historical standards, is a very low level of vacancy. So I would say -- I would characterize the fundamentals as being very, very strong. They're just not off the charts given what's happened in the last 18 months. With respect to the Duke portfolio and margins and the like, Dan can elaborate on this, but we've never underwritten the exit cap rates to what the peak has been in the last 12 to 18 months. We've always taken -- added the premium for the forward risk and just the fact that, basically, these were unprecedented times. And a lot of the margins that you saw in prior quarters from us reflected that level of conservatism. And rents are still going up. I mean, we started 2022 thinking rents are going to be up 11%. They're up 28%. So yes, cap rates have gone up, but the rents that are being capped are significantly higher. So bottom line, margins, if you really stress test everything, okay, and you say rental growth stops, cap rates go up, et cetera, et cetera, construction costs go up, our development pipeline goes from mid-40s margins to high 20s margin type of thing. So still double what we underwrite to, which we usually underwrite to mid-teens. So extremely strong operating environment, and we are just being cautious on the capital market environment as we have to be. It would be imprudent if we weren't.
Tim Arndt : And Craig, I'll just pick up your question on the debt in Duke. You're right. Since we announced the transaction in June, depending where you're on the curve, we're 100 to 200 basis points higher in interest rates. So that does hit the debt mark-to-market piece of things. I think if we were redoing the entire accretion on the year, we'd be still in the range, but at the lower end of that original $0.20 to $0.25 today.
Hamid Moghadam : Yes. But I would also say on the fundamentals of the real estate, we're ahead of where we underwrote. So I think that far outweighs a mark-to-market on the debt. I mean, both Duke and us were very low levels of leverage. So the mark-to-market is just not a big deal in our calculus.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank.
Derek Johnston: Just touching on European occupancy. You certainly had a positive bump to 98.6% and clearly pushed NOI. But can you expand on which geographies led really the sustainability of EU demand, what you guys are seeing on the ground and any additional leasing comments?
Hamid Moghadam : Some of the weaker markets in Europe have strengthened, like Spain would come to mind or France would come to mind. The perennial strong markets in Europe were the U.K. and Germany, historically, Northern Europe. And they remain strong, but we wouldn't be surprised if Germany weakened a bit and the U.K. weakened a bit. In terms of weak markets in Europe, I would say, if you really force me to name one, I would say it's Hungary, which is a very, very small part of our overall business. Poland is actually, too much to our surprise, pretty strong. It must be because of the in-migration of a lot of Ukrainians into Poland and the additional consumption that they drive. But markets in Europe are tighter than they are in the U.S. in aggregate, and that's why vacancy rates are lower. But there's no question that Europe will have lower growth or more if we go into a recession, a bigger recession than the U.S., but by no means is it weak. Quite to the contrary, pretty strong.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank.
NichYulico: I just wanted to touch on sort of thinking about as we are heading into a weaker economic environment, most people think there's a global recession coming. If you could give us some context of how to think about potential occupancy impact to the portfolio. I mean, I think most of the third-party brokerage firms are citing something like 100 basis points of U.S. vacancy increase next year because of slowing absorption, some supply picking up. I guess, I'm curious what you thought about that. And then also from a credit loss standpoint, how we should think about the portfolio in sort of a historical context, kind of framing out where you have sort of a credit watch list today and potential occupancy impact on top of just an overall market occupancy impact from a credit loss standpoint in the portfolio if we are heading into a recession.
Hamid Moghadam : Sure. On credit loss, the average over 10, 15 years has been about 15 basis points. We underwrite a lot higher than that, but that's where we've averaged during the most acute times of COVID in the first quarter or 2 when nobody -- when there was all that loss of jobs and everybody was scared. That went up to 55 basis points. But we collected on all that credit reserve that we had set up because eventually everybody paid. So I don't know where we ended up with, but we essentially ended up at 0, or maybe in line with the 15 basis points of historical numbers. I don't think we're going to see it anywhere near that. I think there is a fair amount of demand today that is not being satisfied in the market because of lack of supply. Our vacancy rate, just to pick a round number of 4%, even if they were to go up 100 basis points, which I don't believe they will, it would be at 5% which we would all do cartwheels for at any time in the 42 years that we've been in this business.  So I'm -- I mean, just do the math on the numbers, assuming that the development pipeline has a 0 more leasing. I don't mean for Prologis, I mean for the marketplace. And demand falls off significantly. That's how you get to the 100 basis points. And I just don't think it's going to be that acute given what we're seeing in terms of customer interest in our spaces on a real-time basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith with UBS.
Michael Goldsmith: My question is on the Promotes. I think heading into the year, we talked about 2020 to 2023 Promote being similar or higher than where it was going to be in 2022 just given where valuations have changed and the different dynamics at play. How should we be thinking about the dynamics at play for next year on the Promote side?
Hamid Moghadam : Promote levels are very sensitive to exit cap rates that you assumed. So that's a pretty tough question to answer. But if we stress test our numbers from the last time we spoke, the Promote for USLF next year is going to be on par with what it is this year for PELF. But that number can move in either direction by a significant amount, depending to what happens to exit cap rates. And by the way, both of those years, '22 and '23, will be record Promotes by a factor of 2 or 3.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Truist.
Ki Bin Kim: I just want to go back to the question about contributions and your fund business. Can you remind us what the pricing mechanism is for your funds for you to contribute assets? If I remember correctly, that was a broker pref, but obviously, you don't want to force anything into your fund investors. So I'm just curious, what is causing the pause or temporary pause in contributions? Is it just an agreement or agreed upon price that you can't come to or is it something different? And second question, Hamid, if I think about the business bigger picture, if we didn't have this market volatility, I would have expected your company to contribute an increasing level of assets to your fund business because you have to kind of keep up with the development pipeline. But given that that's probably not going to happen, how should we think about the company taking on more assets on the balance sheet, better for our earnings but also higher leverage? I'm just trying to better understand that dynamic going forward.
Hamid Moghadam : Yes. On the fund contribution question, we would be happy to continue to contribute the deals, if there were not for our care in managing the long-term value of the franchise in our private capital business. We haven't even tried, and we will not even try to contribute these assets that are being completed because we just don't think it's the right thing to do. It's got nothing to do with the appraised values or capacity or any of that stuff, as I explained before. We just think until there is real clarity, that will take some time and there have to be some comps and some transactions. Then when there is clarity, we'll start contributions again. As you know, unlike the last cycle, the contributions today are not must put, must take. They are totally voluntary by us to offer those properties to the investors or not to offer those properties to the investors. We're just not going to force that issue. It's not like they've turned us down or we think the values are too low. The values are great. We would still have significant 40% margins if we contributed. It's purely voluntary. And I think it's the right decision for the company in the long term. In terms of its impact on leverage, obviously, if we decide to hold more assets, our leverage is going to go up. But the reason we built this balance sheet is exactly for situations like this, is to be able to, A, be able to hold more of our assets that we're -- at some point in the future will contribute. And we're happy to hold those. And the other purpose for the balance sheet is to take advantage of investment opportunities as they emerge. It's still too early because I think the valuations will settle out somewhere lower than where the appraisers probably think today. But I don't know that for sure. And we -- by the way, we've been -- don't listen to a word I'm saying with respect to valuations, because for 5 years, we've been saying the cap rates are going to go back up, and they finally did, I guess. But we've been really wrong and, frankly, too high in cap rates for all this time. One other thing that's important, I should have mentioned this. We had never written up our portfolios to so the peak cap rates or underwritten any of our developments to the peak cap rates that we were seeing in the marketplace. We were always assuming exit cap rates that had a premium built into them. I think I mentioned that before, but that premium was anywhere between 5,000 to 7,500 basis points. So a lot of what you're seeing and are yet likely to see in values is already reflected in the way we looked at our margins, and we further stress test those numbers. And I think I shared the results of that with you earlier.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Catherwood with BTIG.
Tom Catherwood: Hamid, you mentioned tenants with more mature supply chains have slowed their CapEx spending. Obviously, we've seen that in the headlines as well. Are you seeing, though, any givebacks or nonrenewals from those tenants, whether it's FedEx or Amazon or others? And specifically, what are the tenants or industries that are backfilling this gap in demand?
Hamid Moghadam : I'm going to let Mike give you a broader view of demand other than the customers you asked about. But let me hit those 2. We have 0 givebacks on Amazon. Zero. We thought we were going to have 2 out of like 160, we have 0. And they continue to take new space from us. So I don't know what all this excitement is all about, but we haven't seen it in the marketplace. They were on a tear in 2020 and '21, and they probably overcommitted to space, and they just reeled that back a bit. But they talked about 30 million feet coming online. We don't think it's even going to be 10 million feet and none of it is in the spaces that we have. So that's Amazon. FedEx is consolidating some of its ground operations with airport operations. We're going to be a beneficiary of that. And we're not going to lose any FedEx business as a result of that. And we're in regular conversation with these people. So those 2 customers specifically, no issue, and we have vetted this about as best as anybody can.  With respect to the broader customer picture, Mike?
Mike Curless : Yes, I would just add a finer point to that. We're going to see other headlines coming down the pike. I'd encourage you to really look through the headlines and understand the numerator versus the denominator in play here. And we're talking, just to pile on Hamid's comments, FedEx mentioned order of magnitude of 100 projects they're pausing in the future. That's set against 15,000 spaces they already have. Amazon, to put a finer point on that, even if there -- they have 550 million square foot portfolio. So we're talking 1% churn kind of numbers here, which is a very normal churn we see for our larger customers that have thousands of spaces. I think it's important when you see the next headline to look beyond along those headlines. In terms of where the other activity is, and Chris can pile on as well here, too, but e-commerce clearly is the big driver. And we're seeing e-commerce levels in our own portfolio just ahead of where we were pre-COVID. The big difference is Amazon is not a part of that this quarter. They're temporarily pausing, and we're seeing 122 other customers, not named Amazon, driving e-commerce leasing at levels we saw pre-pandemic. I think that's the big driver, the big takeaway for the segments that are supporting this backfill.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street.
Vince Tibone: You increased your market rent growth forecast in the U.S. to 28% this year. How much of that growth has already been achieved through the end of the third quarter? I'd like to hear just how much you think market rents can continue to grow in the current environment.
Tim Arndt : Vince, yes, the increase is exclusively based on the outperformance in the third quarter. We thought in the present landscape, it would not be appropriate to make an increase. But as we look into next year, I think it's appropriate to expect mid- to high single digits. As Hamid mentioned, we opened this year with a similar level of caution and have seen subsequent increases. We monitor this on a real-time basis let alone reporting out on a quarterly basis. And some of the things that go into that is the ongoing significant momentum, right? So rents were up 6% in the quarter against ultra-low vacancies, healthy demand, healthy leading indicators but set against the macro uncertainty that we've described.
Hamid Moghadam : So 75% to 80% of the 28% has already occurred, and we expect the balance to occur in the balance of the year. And by the way, we're only a couple of weeks into the quarter. But again, every time we make a deal, we know what the effective rent is compared to the way we underwrote it. And we call it spear, I won't get into the details of it here. But those indications are up, both in terms of comparison to underwriting or the way we had pro forma those spaces. And also in terms of duration of leases, they're slightly longer than we thought.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Todd Thomas: I wanted to follow up on Duke. Tim, thanks for the update around the $0.20 to $0.25 of year 1 core FFO accretion. But I'm curious, Hamid, your comments suggest that Duke is running ahead of your initial underwriting. So I'm curious if there's been any change to your underwriting such that the year AFFO impacts changed at all relative to your initial expectations. And then just secondly, regarding the core FFO guidance, excluding net promote income, can you just help us bridge that 1.1% increase at the midpoint from the prior guidance now that Duke's closed and just discuss the drivers of that increase a little bit? It sounded like the quarter came in ahead of budget or plan, which I suspect contributed, but the increase of $0.05 at the midpoint, I think you attributed solely to Duke. Was there anything else that was an offset in the quarter to the stronger growth?
Hamid Moghadam : Yes. Just -- I remember, Duke's leases were longer than ours. So the average turnover based on the average duration of the Duke leases is like 10%, 12% a year. I don't remember what it is exactly in the next 12 months, thats your question was on. And we think we're a couple of points ahead. But a couple of points ahead affecting 10% to 12% of the portfolio for an average of 6 months is what we're talking about in terms of its impact on the next year. So it will be a small impact. I think the bigger impact will be what we can do once we get our hands on the rest of the portfolio rolling over through revenue management. And we think overall, maybe that could be 2% or 3% above underwriting. I also think there will be a couple of hundred basis points pickup in terms of folding essential sales on top of that. But it will take a little while for us to sort of build those relationships with those customers in those locations and all that. On the second part of your question, Tim will address that.
Tim Arndt : Yes, you're right that the quarter was strong. We're probably $0.01 ahead there, and that would be reflected really in the same-store guidance overall that we took up. We would see an uptick on the year from that uplift as well as we would get a little bit out of this slowdown in contributions in the short term. Offsetting each of those, putting the group to about 0 would be a little bit higher interest expense. We've got short-term rates that have really picked up. And then the write-down of asset values in the funds does hit asset management fees. So that would be another take. So that's all coming up to about 0, leaving really the entirety of the accretion to the Duke transaction.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo.
Blaine Heck: Hamid, can you expand on your thoughts on the broader economy? I think your remarks in the earnings release indicated that you're preparing for an economic slowdown. Does that include a U.S. and/or a global recession? And how should we think about your development starts in 2023 given that you've now added capacity through the Duke transaction but seem to be more cautious here today given macro concerns?
Hamid Moghadam : Yes. My view of the economy is that the Fed was behind the 8 ball, and they are now really running hard to catch up and they're going to overshoot in their reaction. And everybody expects these things to have an immediate effect. Look, I'm not as smart as the guys running the Fed, but these things typically have a 2-year lag. So I think we're going to whipsaw this economy. And there is no reason this economy should be in a recession other than just wanting to wring out this inflation. And this is a personal editorial. This is not a company position, but I believe more -- based on what I'm seeing, more of the inflation is actually affected by not that systemic wage price push that we saw in other times of high inflation. By the way, I was there. When I started my career, the 10-year bond was 14% and prime rate was 22%. But that was a psychology that was built into the marketplace. I think -- and it took bulker in October of '79 to wring that out. But the market had gone 6 or 7 years with that becoming the norm. This is very different. We were just talking about 2% inflation a year ago, and it just spiked up. So a lot of that, I think, is going to dissipate as things normalize and trade flows and the like normalize, but that's a personal point of view. So I am concerned about inflation. I think the Fed is all going to overdo it. Whether we have a recession or not, I don't know why people are so focused on this recession question. To me, a 0.25% growth rate in the GDP when the potential is 2%, 2.5% for the U.S. and 1.5% for Europe is a bad thing. Now whether technically a bunch of smoke will come out of the pipe, that says we officially have a recession, that's less important, but we are definitely under kind of underperform the capacity of this industry. The consumer is in great shape. The consumer balance sheets are in great shape. So I see a lot of reasons for optimism. I mean, look at all these calls that we were all having a quarter ago. I think the psychology has changed dramatically because of all this aggressive Fed action. So I've done a good job of not answering the question. If you had to ask me last quarter what's the probability of a recession in the next year, I would have told you 90-10. Today, I would go 60-40 or maybe 50-50. I think we're much closer in the U.S. I think in Europe, we will go into a very slight shallow recession. With respect to its impact on development starts, I think the market is undersupplied with space. But we don't have to make that decision today. We don't. Every start decision is made deal-by-deal, and we will have the benefit of up-to-minute information and actually some information about the future because we're talking to prospects. So if we think the prospects are there to lease it up, we'll build the building. And if not, I don't really care about guidance. We try to give you the best guidance we can, but we don't run our business according to guidance. We could be lower or we could be higher. I think we're going to surprise people on the upside. But let's wait and see. We don't have to make that decision today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: Just going back to the lease signing of 84% during the quarter. It sort of suggests that the commenced leases should be accelerating as well. But how do I marry that with the full year same-store NOI guidance where you're guiding for $8.625 for the year, but year-to-date, it's 8.7. sso suggesting a little bit of deceleration? Just trying to understand what could be driving that? Is it occupancy of the comp versus the lease signing that's accelerating?
Tim Arndt : Yes, Ron. Look, this is a good opportunity actually to distinguish the 2 metrics. So the commencements were 62%, and that's why we're actually calling out the 84% on signings because of the lag that sits between the two. The lease signings on what started this quarter, generating the 62% were probably done in the first quarter. So all that means that the 84% we're signing today, we're really not going to see those commence until '23 outside of the same-store period in our guidance. So that's why we're actually focusing on signings. You'll probably hear a bit more of that going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Camille Bonnel with Bank of America.
Camille Bonnel : We've seen the spread between market rent growth and lease escalations widen over the past 2 years. Can you talk to what percent of your leases have a fixed structure? What are the escalators you're achieving on new leases? And how sustainable these are throughout the duration of the lease?
Hamid Moghadam : Virtually all leases have escalators. I would guess the average is 3.5-ish, maybe approaching 4. And yes, 4, I'm getting a lot of 4s, thumbs up here. And what was --
Tim Arndt : I would just clarify that the installed base is probably the 3.5% you mentioned and then more recently 4%.
Hamid Moghadam : Yes. And I think that was it. Did you have a third part to your question?
Camille Bonnel : Just wondering how sustainable these increases are throughout the duration of the lease.
Hamid Moghadam : Well, they're contractually obligated to increase. So it's not -- and they're contractual. They're not CPI-driven or anything like that. So I guess unless the tenant goes broke, there is no risk to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets.
John Kim: I realize that the markets are very fluid, but I did want to ask about the 4.1% cap rate that you have stabilized on your development starts. I guess, industrial would be the 1 asset class that you could argue the most for negative leverage given the strong mark-to-market that you have, but new developments are signed basically at market. So it doesn't have its same mark-to-market potential. So can you make the argument or couldn't you make the argument that new development should be at a higher cap rate, which I know was counterintuitive to how it's been recently, but it's reflective of that market today?
Hamid Moghadam : Yes. By the way, I don't think there is any negative leverage even today. Let's just go to basic principles. The reason interest rates are going up is because we have inflation. Real up is because we have situation, so there's pressure on real rents going up. If we continue in an inflationary environment where rates are up, we're going to get more rental growth, not rental growth because vacancy rates are very low. So really, in terms of IRR, we have positive inflation -- positive leverage. And that's the way it has been for 30 years of my 42-year career. Positive leverage on IRR, not necessarily positive on the going in cap rate or cash yield compared to interest rates. That's the way the business works. It's total return dependent. And total return in a high interest rate, high inflation environment is going to have a big growth component to it. Unless the market is 10%, 15% vacant, in which case, inflation doesn't matter, you don't have pricing power. But we expect to have pricing power for the foreseeable future even in a really, really conservative absorption scenario. And I went through that before. I can't imagine a scenario anytime soon where vacancy rates would reach 5%. So I think we'll have pricing power, and I think we have positive leverage on an IRR basis. And by the way, short-term rates have moved up a lot more than the long-term rates. And really, real estate is an infinite life asset. So you got to compare its returns to 10-year or more longer debt. Tim?
Tim Arndt : I just want to clarify, John, maybe you see this, but I want to be sure you note that we have in the supplemental, both the exit cap and estimate on it and the development yield, and I think you're quoting the exit cap. The development yields are 6%, 6.5% in the portfolio. So I want to be sure you understand that distinction.
Hamid Moghadam : Hence, the huge margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Petersen with Jefferies.
JonPetersen: I was looking at the sort of the Promote opportunity next year for the targeted U.S. logistics fund. I realize it's volatile and there's a ton of assumptions that go into this. So maybe you could help us and remind us what the hurdle rates are that you have to hit each year to be eligible for a Promote? Just kind of how that structure works, once you hit the hurdle, like what percent of the NOI you get, so we can all be dangerous and make our own assumptions. And then another question I have is on the land portfolio. I think you have it on the books at $2.7 billion. Any estimate on how we should think about the market value of that land portfolio today?
Hamid Moghadam : Yes. I think market value of land was double our book value. And my guess is, before this is all over, and not a single piece of land has not really traded in any scale so that I can give you an actual estimate but I would guess land values before it's all over will decline by 30% which would put them still significantly above our book value. So that's where we are. I think the Promote hurdles are 7, and it's a 20% part -- yes. And we have 2 hurdle promotes, actually 7 and 10 and 15 and 20 is the upside participation in those, and those are leveraged hurdle rates. So 15 over 7, 20 over a 10.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Powell with Barclays.
Anthony Powell: A question on acquisitions. Can you talk more about the Crossbay deal, what brought you to that transaction? I think you talked before about maybe more portfolio deals happening in Europe. Are there more news out there? And what's your, I guess, willingness to do more deals on the balance sheet given kind of the overall macro environment?
Dan Letter : This is Dan. I'll take that question. So the Crossbay deal closed last quarter, we, I think, first introduced that deal probably in February. We were able to -- when we first talked about this deal, the bid-ask was pretty far apart. But we were actually able to win that deal at a very favorable price. We actually got a couple of price reductions, and we really love the real estate. It's very complementary to PELF, and the team is very excited about bringing that on. As it relates to other portfolios, the way I think about deploying capital right now, I think about really disciplined, I think, about patients and I think about opportunity. We've always run a very disciplined deployment machine. And our team, boots on the ground are calibrated for that and are excited about it. We're being patient right now because we do expect to see opportunities that come from -- as a matter of fact, we're making money today based on decisions that we made in the depths of the GFC. So really excited about what opportunities could come.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll: I wanted to touch on an earlier question to see if we can get a little bit more information regarding the larger users with more mature supply pipelines. I know you touched on a few examples. But in general, how big is this bucket of these larger users slowing down? I mean, is it mostly Amazon? And I believe you mentioned FedEx, there are like a few other outside of that or is that about it?
Hamid Moghadam : Everybody is running to catch up on their e-commerce supply chain because they're starting behind and they need to catch up. So the demand for e-comm space is broadening. But remember, e-com is just maybe 20% of the overall demand. At the same time that, that's going on, people are building resilience in their supply chain. So inventory levels have adjusted upwards like we predicted. We think half of that adjustment has already occurred, and there's another half of it to go. So I think you'll see all customers or virtually all customers building more resilience into their supply chain by taking up more space so that they don't get caught with the wrong inventory in the wrong place at the wrong time. But demand is definitely broadening. Mike, do you want to?
Mike Curless: Yes. And I think I could just give you a sense on all customers are being certainly more introspective and cautious these days. That's natural in times of uncertainty. But if you look at our build-to-suit list, for example, it's a narrower list. Amazon is currently pausing. But the customers that are on the list are still following through with long-term supply chain reconfigurations that have been in place for a long time, and they are following through with those with the same effort that we've seen before. So I would say if you look at build-to-suits, it's a smaller, more active list of customers. And our competitive environment looks even better. There's fewer private competitors out there that are direct competition given the current market conditions. So I view that business as smaller but a deeper prospect list with a higher win rate possibility. So that's 1 perspective.
Hamid Moghadam : Yes, the point Mike just made about the competition on the private side is a really, really important one. I mean, these guys depend on leverage. Leverage is not available. It's not just a question of the cost of it to a lot of these people. So we've already seen certainly layoffs in Europe with respect to some of the very aggressive private guys, and I think we'll see some of it in the U.S., too. So again, another reason why we have a good balance sheet is to use it when the opportunities are there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan.
Mike Mueller: Is your 65% year-end lease mark-to-market expectation with or without Duke in it?
Hamid Moghadam : That's with Duke.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Rodgers with Baird.
Dave Rodgers: Hamid, thanks for the details on tenant credit that you provided earlier. I wanted to go back, and maybe this is a draconian question, but when you go back to global financial crisis, I think you lost 600 basis points of occupancy top to bottom. Some of that might have been credit loss, but even though it's not credit loss, then some tenants may leave just due to the same factors that we're talking about. I guess, how does today differ? And I guess, I'm just a little worried about the convexity of noninvestment-grade now above 10%, those types of things. I guess how does your portfolio differ? How do you think the market differs? And then maybe a follow-up to Chris. Last quarter, you had suggested a 75 basis point increase in vacancy for '23 for the market as a whole. Has that number changed?
Hamid Moghadam : Okay. I'm not sure I understood the second part. But the first part, first of all, I don't know about Prologis, but I think there was 52 million square feet of spec space that they had built at that time. And the company at that time was, I don't know, 400 million square feet or something. It was a huge part of the installed base, and most of it was spec. So you went into global financial crisis with a collapse in demand and you were starting off with a 7% or 8% vacancy rate even before going into the global financial crisis, so it was different at least in 3 respects. One, level of spec development; two, the starting level of vacancy; and three, the impact of that on a much, much smaller company than today. So very, very different situation. But the numbers for AMB were that we went from mid-95% occupancy to 91% occupancy. And by the way, the exact same thing happened in the dot-com collapse, which was people had overcommitted to space. The difference is that the shadow space in this market is very low. That's why we look track utilization. We have 90th percentile utilization in the buildings in terms of history. So occupancies are high, utilization is high, there's a lot of ongoing demand and we're starting off at the 98% occupancy. Even if the global financial crisis were going to repeat itself, we'll be at 94% occupancy. That's just fine. There's no problem with that. We can get rent growth at those kinds of numbers. So I don't even think of those draconian scenarios. Of course, somebody launches a nuclear war somewhere, all bets are off, but I'm not capable of making those.
Chris Caton: Dave, as it relates to the forecast we shared, you remember correctly but got the units wrong. So we had said we could see a supply demand gap of 50 million to 100 million square next year, which would only be 30 basis points of occupancy increase. Our latest view probably has it at the higher end of that range, say, 100 million square foot gap, which would lead to a high 3s or a 4% market vacancy, which again is below the low that prevailed during the decade before. And then also call out in Tim's script that based on the capital market landscape, we could have a gap in development starts that would ultimately translate to a gap in deliveries late next year and early '24.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Crow with Raymond James.
Bill Crow: Two questions. First of all, any change in the lease-up time on new deliveries? And the second question is, you talked a lot about cap rates and cap rate increases over the last 6 or 7 months. I'm just wondering if you were to underwrite an acquisition today, how would that change from where you were early this year? Let's say, how much how much do you think cap rates have gapped out on a like-for-like deal?
Tim Arndt : I can start on the lease-up times, and I think Hamid made reference to this just that compared to underwriting. We've consistently beat underwriting, and that would remain the case today. Maybe there's a month lower there, but we're continuing to beat underwriting in new development leasing.
Hamid Moghadam : I would say on the cap rate side, you see it in our development portfolio in the supplemental. We moved our exit cap rates from 4.1 to 4.7. So that's demonstrative of the change that we're looking at across the board going forward.
Hamid Moghadam : So if you -- I would say, for the last couple of years, we're looking at about a 6% unleveraged IRR in acquisitions using about an average of a 3% growth rate on rents and that gap is 300 basis points. By the way, that's the most important number that you look at, that I look at anyway, and replacement costs. So if you believe inflation is going to be higher at 4%, rents will grow at least [indiscernible] times inflation given what's happening to replacement costs and given the tightness of the market. So you could expect with the 4% growth rate that the IRRs would be 7%, 7.5% going forward. So the point I'm trying to make is that you just can't look at discount rate of those cash flows without considering the growth rate of those cash flows. And those 2 don't move perfectly in tandem, but generally move in line with one another in a market that has a vacancy rate below equilibrium.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Jamie Feldman with Wells Fargo.
Jamie Feldman: We were just thinking about how should we think about FX and how that goes into your calculus when you're thinking about investment activity given how strong the U.S. dollar is and your unique global platform? And then secondly, if you could just give us some thoughts on when you think the mark-to-market stops expanding. I think it's been surprising to us how it just keeps going quarter-after-quarter. I'd love to get some thoughts on when that might moderate.
Hamid Moghadam : Yes. So FX are -- I'll give you the big picture theory, and Tim can give you the details. We do 3 levels of FX management. Number one, we want to have a global platform to serve global customers, but we do not want to have our capital equally in every place because we're a U.S. dollar dividend payer. Therefore, we use a higher percentage of private capital in our foreign jurisdictions than we do in U.S. jurisdictions. So that's the first step that we take. Secondly, we have a disproportionately higher amount of debt in foreign currencies matched against our equity or our share of the equity in those assets so that we are neutralized in terms of asset and liability movements with respect to the movement of interest rates.  In other words, $100 of equity and $100 of debt against it. By the way, the U.S. is much less levered. So our overall leverage is very good. So that's the second level that we manage the asset value, which is really the big dangerous thing in real estate. So on those, we're perfectly hedged. Perfectly hedged. Not overhedged, not under hedged. Perfectly hedged. Then there is the issue of how do you manage earnings, FX on earnings, which is more of a flow management, and that is by buying hedges that go out and protect earnings for 2-ish kind of years.
Tim Arndt : Yes. And I would say even longer, we ladder into that strategy where the next few years are quite fully hedged, but we have hedges out to '26, '27 and we dollar cost average into it. I also think, Jamie, it sounded like underneath your question is how do we feel about sending dollars to Europe or to Japan. And frankly, that's not really how it works. In these other jurisdictions, we're typically recycling capital. That's when we're running the contribution model even at a time like this when the contributions at least in Europe are at a pause, we're funding that with debt in-country. So we don't really have the kind of issue, as I think you're trying to highlight there. Your second question was on the lease mark-to-market, I think, and how does it fall down over time. And I know you appreciate that's going to be purely a function of what is market rent growth from here. If there are no market rent growth, it will come down more precipitously. And if there's a reasonable level, say, high single digits, that's probably going to be paired with our same store growth. And that would say the lease mark-to-market is going to be pretty constant for a while. So you have to make a bet on market rent growth to really answer that question, and we're not doing that today over the long term, but it's got a very long tail to it, I think, is our view.
Hamid Moghadam : By the way, I would also say that the FX rates being so favorable to the dollar, there will become a time where there will be compelling opportunities to deploy capital in Europe because you could catch the combination of good values in local currency and a great exchange rate. So we're not -- we don't expect to do that tomorrow or anything, but that's another consideration that we always keep in mind, which is the opportunistic side of all these changes that we're witnessing. Before I let you go, however, I'd like to take a minute to highlight our Groundbreakers Conference, which happens next Tuesday at Hudson Yards in New York. It will also be streaming online. This is an annual thought leadership event, which will feature some of the most innovative voices in logistics today, including Dave Clark, formerly CEO of Worldwide Consumer at Amazon and now the new CEO of Flexport, which is actually one of our portfolio companies, plus a host of others that you won't want to miss. We'll dig into all the questions that you've been asking about in terms of macro trends. And I think it will be a very different event than yet another recumbence or something of that kind. So if you're really interested about logistics and when it's moving in the next couple of decades, these are the people that we brought together. So I look forward to seeing many of you there. We've had a tremendous response. And I think you'll get a lot out of it. So please come. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-18 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Prologis Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. The question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the conference over to Jill R. Sawyer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Sawyer, you may now begin.
Jill Sawyer: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or other SEC filings. Additionally, our second quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures. And in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. On July 13, we announced the merger between Prologis and Duke Realty. This call will focus on our second quarter results. The company will not provide comments related to this transaction beyond what is included in our prepared remarks. I'd like to welcome Tim Arndt, our CFO, who will cover results, real-time market conditions and guidance. Hamid Moghadam, our CEO, and our entire executive team are also with us today. With that, I'll hand the call over to Tim.
Tim Arndt: Thanks, Jill. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining our call. This morning, we reported our second quarter results, which were strong and ahead of our expectations with occupancy, leasing and rent change all at record highs. Duke also released their operating results this morning, which tell a similarly strong story. That said, the macroeconomic environment is making it difficult for investors to fully assess the state of our industry. There's frankly a stark difference between what one reads in headlines versus what is actually happening in our business. Accordingly, we find ourselves focusing more on our own proprietary metrics and real-time feedback from our customers to build a forward-looking view of our markets and demand. Before going through that view, let me first step through our results. Core FFO, with and without promotes, was $1.11 per share, slightly ahead of our forecast. Rent change on rollover was 46%, led by the US at 54%. Retention in the quarter was 79%, driving occupancy higher by 30 basis points over the quarter to 97.7%. All of this led to net effective same-store NOI growth of 7.6% and cash same-store of 8.2%. We started $1.7 billion in new development projects, bringing our year-to-date starts to $2.7 billion. On the balance sheet, we closed on a refinancing of our lines of credit, expanding the total commitment to $5.4 billion, ending the quarter with $5.2 billion of liquidity. We are very pleased to have not only increased our line capacity, but also to have done so while maintaining our spread and staggering maturities. In strategic capital, our net equity queue, which combines the committed queue less outstanding redemptions and deployment, it was $2.8 billion at the end of the quarter. While performance in the second quarter was strong, we recognize that with the current backdrop, markets do have the potential to soften. Instead of repeating macroeconomic statistics from media headlines, which you all know well, I'll instead share observations from our unique data and insights. At quarter end, we had proposals on 52% of our remaining availabilities versus an average of 38% prior to COVID, reflective of the very active dialogue we've had and the fact that little space remains available to lease in our portfolio, 71% of leases expiring in the next 12 months are either preleased or in negotiations, ahead of the pre-COVID average of 56%.  Lease negotiation periods have lengthened by a few days to an average of 60, while up from the more rapid pace of 50 days across 2021, it has essentially returned to the normalized levels we saw pre-COVID. And as it relates to pricing, our Sphere data which measures normalized effective rents against forecast, reflects that, markets remain strong and rent growth stays ahead of our expectations.  Our field teams report market activity, which is totally consistent with all of this data. While the number of customers competing for available space has decreased from unprecedented levels tempering urgency, our teams report still healthy demand and limited downtime. This is also reflected in our monthly customer survey data, which report high historical utilization at 86% and an IBI index that reflects growth in activity.  In the end, we believe we're seeing a normalization in the volume and pace of demand which we expected as the world reopened from COVID and consumers seek more in-person experiences. But given exceptionally tight markets and availability, the fundamentals remain excellent. E-commerce represented 14% of new leasing, down from approximately 25% in 2021, a shift we've long telegraphed.  As noted, overall occupancy and leasing have continued to grow with take-up coming from a broad set of users, most notably transportation, healthcare and auto. E-commerce remains a positive long-term trend for our business. Clearly, COVID accelerated its adoption from a 15% share, retail sales pre-pandemic and running at 23% during, at 21% today, it is roughly 150 basis points ahead of our pre-COVID expectations.  We are also seeing the emergence of supply chain resiliency as a secular and incremental demand driver for our business. We hear it from our customers both in daily dialogue, as well as our advisory boards, including three events held this quarter. We expect that this need for safety stock will lift demand for years to come, although economic uncertainty could cause some delay this year.  In light of very low vacancy and healthy demand, we are increasing our overall market rent growth forecast for the year to 23% on a global basis and 25% in the US. This is due to a very strong first half where we see rents having increased 14% globally and 16% in the US. We continue to see increases in construction costs which provide a pricing umbrella for continued rent growth given the need to uphold expected yields before new spec development can be started.  The increase in rents over the second quarter has expanded our lease mark-to-market to nearly 56%, translating to over $2 billion of embedded annual NOI as these leases roll. Applying this mark-to-market to our lease expiration schedule will show that net effective same-store NOI growth through 2025 should exceed 8% without any further increases in market rent, an incredible amount of built-in organic growth and resiliency in our earnings.  Before turning to guidance, we expect to imminently file the S-4 related to our acquisition of Duke Realty, which will guide the timing of our shareholder votes and the close date of the transaction. The [filing] (ph) guidance excludes the deal's expected accretion. Beginning with operating guidance, we expect average occupancy to range between 97.25% to 97.75%, an increase of nearly 40 basis points from our prior guidance. We are increasing our net effective same-store guidance to a range of 7.25% to 7.75% and cash same-store to a range of 8.25% to 8.75%, each an increase of roughly 90 basis points. Rent change on rollover is expected to grow from our first half levels, increasing spreads to over 50% in each the third and fourth quarters. Given our view of market rent growth, we expect our portfolio's lease mark-to-market will expand to over 60% by the end of the year. We are holding our guidance for net promotes at $0.60 for the year. Our current appraised values would generate net promote income above this level, but given market uncertainty, we're holding our prior guidance. Our overall deployment guidance is unchanged from last quarter with the exception of acquisitions, which we have increased to $1.2 billion to $1.7 billion at our share based on our belief that opportunities are likely to emerge in the back half, which will be well-positioned to pursue. I'm also pleased to note that despite extraordinary moves in both interest rates and FX, our forecast remains unimpacted due to our proactive approach to managing both risks through limited maturities and robust FX hedging program. In total, we are increasing our full year earnings guidance to $5.14 to $5.18 per share, including promotes and $4.54 to $4.58 per share excluding promotes, representing 11.5% growth from 2021. Before closing, I'd like to spend just a few minutes highlighting one of the more important announcements we've made in recent years. Last month, we announced a new commitment to achieving net zero emissions by 2040, a full decade ahead of the targets established in the Paris Climate Agreement. Our plan includes key milestones along the way, such as a dramatic increase in our solar energy production and storage goal to 1 gigawatt by 2025, more than doubling our previous goal. We will also conduct carbon-neutral operations and construction by 2025. Ultimately, we plan to get to net zero without reliance on carbon offsets and our Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030 and net zero in our entire value chain by 2040. It's noteworthy that we are one of very few REITs to commit to science-based targets for our Net Zero goal. Prologis has long been a leader in ESG, both inside and outside of our industry. We're extremely pleased to have once again raised the bar and hold ourselves accountable to real, measurable, and reportable progress for our investors, our customers, and our planet. We truly feel great about our business and how we've positioned our teams, our portfolio and our balance sheet to thrive across the cycle even in uncertain times as we see today. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our operator to take your questions. As a reminder, we won't be addressing questions related to the Duke transaction on this morning's call.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question will be coming from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi.
Craig Mailman: HI. It's actually Craig Mailman here with Michael. I just want to hit on the market rent growth and mark-to-market piece. You guys had 79% retention, 25-odd percent cash mark-to-market just peak average occupancy levels. And so I guess maybe a two-parter here. Just what breaks the camel's back here in the near-term from an occupancy or market rent growth perspective? And then two, maybe, Tim, could you just address as you head into the back half of the year and into 2023, kind of remind us what that mark-to-market on a standalone basis means for FFO per share?
Tim Arndt: Yes, I can take the second part. We actually really don't break the number down in that way. We have full year same-store guidance. As noted, with a midpoint of -- it's at 7.5% to -- yes, sorry, 7.5%. And the growth in the back half is probably adding $0.01 to $0.02 of the run rate that you'll see in Q3 and Q4.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. And we didn't really hear -- I didn't really hear the first half of the question. Can you repeat that, please?
Craig Mailman: Sorry, I was just saying kind of given the strength of the operating metrics, what breaks the camel's back from the sense of risk to occupancy market rent growth is a mark-to-market here? I know you guys talked a lot about kind of the headline risk versus the reality of what you're seeing on the ground. But just to maybe put out there from your perspective, what the real risks are given what you're seeing on the ground?
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. So there is the much talked about risk to supply exceeding demand. And there's a fair amount of confusion between the supply and demand balance in the overall US industrial market and the markets that we are involved in. And I'll turn it over to Chris to actually walk you through that because that's a pretty important distinction, and I really don't think there is a risk to supply, particularly given the low vacancy rates from which we are operating today. But let's bookmark that, and Chris will talk about that. On the demand side, the way I think about it is that I've been doing this for 40 years. And I would say, prior to last quarter and the quarter before, let's call the peak in terms of strength of market on the demand side as a 10 on a one to 10 scale. I think the last quarter and the quarter before were like on 12 or 13. They were just crazy good. And I think this quarter, there may be 9.5 to 10. I mean by historical standards, this would be exceptionally good. I mean in the 5 percentile good for the last 40 years. It just -- it can never be as good as it was in the last quarter and the quarter before because, frankly, everybody reads the same papers. And if you're a CEO of a company and you're looking to expand your operations, you're going to just take your time a little bit more, just to be sure that you're not making a stupid mistake. So the difference between sort of grabbing every piece of the space that you can see, which may push demand 10%, 20% above what is really needed, probably in an environment like this could haven't been conservative by 10% to 20%. And that swing is basically coming out of the froth that we saw in the last two quarters. So that's the way I think about it. But Chris can give you the supply/demand numbers because there's a lot of misunderstanding on those factors.
Chris Caton: Yeah. Let's be clear. And indeed, we publish our data quarterly to try and help bring clarity to the marketplace. And what does that data reveal? Well, we forecast 375 million square feet of net absorption and completions this year, calendar year 2022, and see vacancy rate falling to 3.2%. Now our statistics focus on our 30 US markets and is based on the leading source in each market. Now we could look out to 2023. It's a little early, but we foresee a gap, say, 50 million to 100 million square feet in differential between supply and demand. That would lead to a moderate rise in market vacancies, but they would remain below 4%, which is well below the pre-pandemic and historical averages. Now what we're seeing when we look at market commentary is that sources -- some sources are using unconventional methodologies and also include additional non-Prologis markets. So, for example, the next 20 US markets, places like Memphis, St. Louis, Detroit, have a market vacancy rate that's roughly one percentage point higher in our markets and do have a supply/demand imbalance with 126 million square feet under construction versus trailing 12-month net absorption of 88 million square feet.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. The other thing that's going on, and we're probably over-killing this response, but I think it's probably the single biggest area where we get questions on. Construction has not only become expensive, but also construction periods have been really stretched out because of limited availability of certain components. And by the way, we've been really good about ordering that stuff ahead of time. I'm talking about the market, not our situation in particular. So an extended construction period will make the pipeline of supply sound bigger. So if you're having a third longer construction period, which is what we're estimating, with the same amount of supply, the numbers will just be one-third bigger. That's just math. So again, a lot of confusion about this issue. And I think it's a single biggest disconnect between investor perceptions and the reality on the ground.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Appreciate the comments, Hamid, on supply and demand. Could you maybe just talk a little bit about region and what you're seeing both in the US and Europe, just given some of the bigger challenges that we're seeing in Europe right now?
Hamid Moghadam: Well, let me give you the general commentary on Europe. Europe is as good as I remember Europe being because actually, the war and the excess population that's come out of Ukraine and in Central -- in the neighboring countries have actually increased demand and led to actually better market dynamics for unfortunate and tragic reasons, but it simply has. I would say the UK has slowed down a bit given what's going on with the politics. But Europe is generally a more muted market than the US, both on the supply and on the demand side. And that's why we're showing lower rental growth rate for Europe compared to the US. So that's not that unusual in terms of its historical relationship. Chris, do you have anything to add to that?
Chris Caton: Yeah. I would add, look, the US has been a market leader, especially on the coast with rent growth meaningfully outperform lower barrier markets. We're talking about 10 to 15 percentage annual rent growth, its better on the coast. And outside the US, whether it's Europe, whether it's the UK, whether it's Toronto, whether it's Mexico, vacancy rates are below 2.5%, and we're seeing some of the best market rent growth we've ever seen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Tom Catherwood with BTIG. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Catherwood: Excellent. Thank you and good morning, everyone. Tim, I appreciate your comment about proposals on remaining availability of 52%. I think that was the number versus 38% pre-COVID. How does that 52% compared to the last few quarters? And then maybe more broadly on your kind of leading indicators. How much of a lag have you experienced during prior cycles between a falloff in demand and fundamentals and warning signals coming from your proprietary metrics?
Tim Arndt: Yes. Thanks, Tom. Basically, the 52% we measured this last quarter is the strongest it's been. It has accelerated from that pre-COVID number that we quoted of 38%, lifted up into the 40s through COVID and has now hit what I think is an all-time high. And Chris, maybe you can pick up the past cycles?
Chris Caton: Yes. So, I'd start by saying some of these insights are based on our investments in data that are unavailable elsewhere in real estate and uniquely available in this cycle. One metric that we invented in the last cycle was the IBI by way of a preview or by way of retrospective, I suppose. That metric is great at predicting next 12 months of net absorption and remains at a healthy level today.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. And the absolute vacancy rates today are just crazy low. I mean, like half of what they were in prior cycles at the peak of the market. So whether -- so we're talking about just so that we've got our cycles clear. Probably some of you on the call weren't even born then. But I'm talking about the early '80s oil crisis, the late '80s, early '90s, the SNL crisis, real estate crisis, the dot-com collapse in the early 2000s, the global financial crisis. Compared to all of those, first of all, I don't think we're looking at the same site of situation. And, certainly, we're not starting off a vacancy rate that starts with a 3. So I think it's crazy that we're even thinking about those situations.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Feldman: Great. Thank you. Maybe shifting gears a little bit and thinking about asset values. It looks like you're going to ramp up your acquisitions in the back half of the year. I assume that means you're finding some interesting opportunities. Can you talk about how much you think cap rates have moved and how much do you think asset values have moved? And maybe what looks interesting to you that you're ramping up your outlook?
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. Good question. The fact of the matter is, we're not seeing that much, because just like any other market cycle when people see an inflection point, basically, transaction volume goes down. And buyers basically go and on deals that are in progress, try to get a price reduction. And oftentimes, they don't get it, and it just doesn't transact. So there is not a whole lot of visibility as to what values would -- are likely to be. I can also tell you that based on our appraisal, external appraisers have actually written up our values by 4% this past quarter.  Now are we going to believe that? No, because appraisals are backwards looking. So certainly, I think valuations are somewhat more muted, particularly because of the fraud is not there because of the typical leverage buyer having a harder time being the marginal buyer. Having said that, I think cap rates are likely to remain pretty strong. If you were going to sort of, give me a truth serum and say, where do you expect this to settle? I would say 10 to 25 basis points higher than where we saw it prior to the downturn. And that's on top of the 4% that people have written up. In other words, not from that level. If it's 100, I would say, going down 10 to 25 basis points in terms of value as opposed to going up by 4% on value. So Dan do you have anything to add to that?
Dan Letter: Yes. The only thing I would add to that, Jamie, six weeks ago at NAREIT, we talked about we were entering a period of price discovery. And I think at the time, we thought it would be 60 to 90 days before we started seeing some of those comps shake out and we're just not quite seeing it yet. Volumes are way down -- deal volumes are way down, and we're hearing of a number of renegotiations happening for deals that were tied up before, the headlines started to get ugly. So at this point, we'll see how it plays out, but this is in-sync with what we were thinking six weeks ago.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Please proceed with your question. 
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Good morning, Hamid. So just putting together some of the commentary around normalized customer behavior or at least proposals, how does that translate into your willingness to deploy capital on developments? So, on a combined basis, you and Duke are probably reaching close to $6 billion. Is that a sustainable level, given some of the things that you're seeing or how should we think about that changing?
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. Our development activity is always bottoms up deal by deal, leasing opportunity by leasing opportunity and remember, we're not developing in new markets. We're developing in place we -- where we have, I don't know, 20, 30, 40 in the case of Southern California, over 100 million square feet of activity that we're seeing on a day-to-day basis. So, there are bottoms up, they are not like we're building to a goal. It's not that at all.  But we are likely not going to be deploying the same amount of capital in development across the cycle. I think we're on the good side of the cycle. Where that will moderate? I don't know. But construction costs today are probably up 50%, land values are up significantly. So, the rents you need to get acceptable margins. And I mean land values at market, not land values at our cost because with our costs, we have significant margins.  Really make it tough to make some of the numbers work, particularly for a lot of our competitors that buy land just -- as just-in-time type of acquisition. So, I think that's a real limiter and governor on profitable development and we'll just see. But across a 10-year cycle, we're towards the high end of deployment levels today, for sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John Kim: Thank you. Similar line of questioning, The yields you have on development starts increased to 6.1% this quarter, which is a pretty wide spread to your acquisition cap rates. But it was the cap rates -- or sorry, it was the acquisition guidance that you increased that to about -- starts. I was just wondering how easy it is to pull-forward some of the development opportunities earlier just given the increase in margins and development yields?
Tim Arndt: One thing I'll just highlight and maybe throw it over to Dan is just that the development yields you are looking at there while conservative would incorporate our view of rents at the time that the assets are stabilized and as the leasing is occurring, whereas acquisition cap rates are going to be reflecting current and in-place NOI. So, that's a pretty big gap in there to appreciate.
Dan Letter: And as it relates -- this is Dan. As it relates to how quickly we can pull-forward starts, we've got this land bank as a differentiator right now, right? We've got $2.5 billion worth of land on the balance sheet worth nearly double. So, this is land that's largely entitled and ready to go. So, that's really the beauty of our development business is that we can start and stop as we see the demand.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. The only thing I have to add is that implied in your question is that we think it's really important to pull-forward development. Again, it is not. We're not building to a particular budget or anything like that. So, if we see the market again bottoms up deal by deal, not being as strong as we wanted, we're just happy to sit and not develop in that market. Not to mention that the big portion of our developments are build-to-suit and lease. So, we know the economics going in.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Goldsmith: Hi, good afternoon. Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. My question is on the near-term expected strength and how that evolves. Your same-store NOI guidance implies it remains at about 8.5% in the back half. Last year growth in the back half was about 200 basis points higher than the first half. So, can you talk about the contributing factors that allow you to achieve stable results despite the more difficult comparison, so accelerating results on the two-year stack and not asking for guidance here, but can you help marry that with when the impact from the expectation that conditions normalize? Like when can that start to weigh on some of the fundamental numbers that you report? Thank you.
Tim Arndt: Yes, it's Tim. I would say two things. One, the back half, and I think this we discussed last quarter is -- does not have the occupancy gains that we see in Q1 and Q2 that this year, same-store is enjoying in the back half, the occupancy gains driving same-store more muted and it's pretty much rent changed from there. I think to shift your question more to the long-term, I refer back to my comments for the script where you can look at our expiration schedule, you can use the lease mark-to-market. We've highlighted establish a market rent and look at the rents expiring in the remainder of this year, next year, 2024, et cetera. That's the point I made about computing easily 8% same-store growth enduring for many years to come. So, that's how I would use the data and then look at that resiliency.
Hamid Moghadam: By the way other than this cycle in the entire history of the company, the highest same-store number ever was 6.5% for the forward one year. So we -- I mean to have sort of 8% rental growth for multiple years, like five years, is just crazy good because the mark-to-markets are so high.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey, just a quick one on Amazon. They talked about putting space back on the market. Maybe can you give us what's the update in terms of what you've seen in your portfolio and in the market in terms of space being put back and what you're hearing? Thanks.
Mike Curless: Hey, Ronald, this is Mike Curless. We've heard the same rumors out on the Street, the 10 million to 30 million square feet. None of it has been substantiated by Amazon. And what matters is what we're seeing on the ground and we're not seeing much at all. We had our national broker calls last week, literally heard about one space that's out there for sublease in the markets that we focus on. But more importantly, let's go to our portfolio of 132 spaces -- And early on, we had an inquiry on two out of 132, let me reemphasize just two. And early on, those got taken off the table. So we have zero in play. And I think if you're very familiar with our portfolio like we are, it should not be a surprise. Those are mission-critical facilities located in Europe. population centers. And to put a finer point on that, in the last 18 months, our retention rate in that set of spaces, Amazon has been 95%, 20 points higher than our company average at the same time And just take it at one step further. As we look to the future, we're 99% leased in the 36 markets, we're doing business with them. We have 54% in place to market, very favorable there. So I think we are very well positioned for anything that might come our way.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. The only thing I would add is that I didn't listen to the Amazon earnings call, but I got more questions about that one comment than comments from the entire industrial real estate industry, which is pretty consistent. So I guess if you have a market cap of over $1 trillion, people listen to you a lot more. But I think the single biggest miss for investors is that they read too much into that commentary. And the facts on the ground just don't support it. So that's all I have to say. And I'm prepared to be on the record for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Todd Thomas: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Within the context and conversation about the lease negotiation period and decrease or, I guess, normalization and competition for space. Are you expecting some of the leading indicators you track to continue normalizing or softening a bit further as you look out over the next several quarters, or do you think that you might see conditions and underlying fundamentals stabilize at current levels, just a bit off the extreme peaks you discussed that you realized over the last few quarters?
Hamid Moghadam: I think if I were going to bet, of course, nobody knows is that I think that will normalize at a higher level than normal. But right now, I would say it's prudent to assume that will be slightly down, but better than most market cycles. So that's the way we're running our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Powell: Hi, good morning. You mentioned that you saw transportation, healthcare and auto pickup in terms of mix of leasing. What's driving those sectors really pick up their activity? And would you expect them to continue to lead the mix over the next several quarters?
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. Here's what I would say generally. We have -- we lease about one million square feet a day, actually more than one million square feet a day. But as big as we are, once you start dividing the numbers into the markets we operate in and the economic sectors that we lease to, the one million square foot lease can move the numbers around radically in a quarter. And by the way, if you look at the same data from other companies, 100,000 square foot lease can really move their numbers around. So I wouldn't look at those statistics on a quarter-by-quarter basis. I think they're totally meaningless because of the law of smaller numbers. So the answer is, I don't know. But I don't think -- I wouldn't look to that for any kind of long-term assumptions on how to run our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
Vince Tibone: Hi, good morning. Have your expectations for supply completions in 2023 changed in recent months? Are you seeing any other players taking a pause from new that development starts due to macro concerns?
Chris Caton: Hi Vince, it's Chris Caton. Yes, our expectations have evolved a couple of ways. One is, first, for this calendar year, we have reduced it, not increased it based on the challenge of delivering product as Hamid described earlier and products basically getting stuck in the supply pipeline. We have also reduced our view for next year just as you surmise based on fluidity and the landscape and the rise in financial return of
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Carroll: Yeah. I just have a real quick question. I know the GAAP mark-to-market is about 56% today. Can you provide some color on what the cash mark-to-market is? I believe a few quarters ago, you highlighted was near 30%. Can you kind of highlight where that has trended?
Tim Arndt: Yeah, it's moving by the same delta roughly at the end of the quarter, it was 48%. You probably heard me say that's not a number I find very useful. I would focus on the net effective because that stat is heavily influenced by where you are with remaining lease terms. So it creates all kinds of problems interpreting it. And the net effective number that we gave you of about 56%. I think it's a better representative of what's going on in the economics and the leases and also better representative of what will go on in our earnings.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of with Nikita Bely with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Nikita Bely: Hi, guys. Can you talk a little bit about the institutional capital in your funds business? A, conversations you've had with them? And is there any change in the amount of capital that these folks are willing to put into your funds? And any color you could provide around that subject?
Hamid Moghadam: Sure. I would say similar to the fundamentals of our business, in the past couple of years, we've had more demand for our funds than we've chosen to take money for. In other words, we've turned down people who wanted to invest money in our funds because we had these really long queues, And it was irresponsible to take -- keep taking money when we have hard time deploying that volume of money. I would say that has shifted a bit. So demand for new products has shifted down. And on the margin, there is a little bit more of redemption requests. Well, a little bit more before it was zero, and now we have some redemption requests. All of this is reflective of what I call the denominator effect is that, their stock and bond portfolios are getting hammered, their private equity and venture portfolios are getting write-down. So basically, real estate generally is getting to be a larger percentage, and they have to rebalance. So -- and industrial is probably the best sector to rebalance out of, because that's where the liquidity and the market strength and the embedded gains have been in the last market cycle. So not at all surprising, but we still have plenty of private capital to run our business for a long, long time. And I think we have a great franchise in that area and one that has been really well tested in -- through three or four market cycles. And by the way, that's the same reason we've kept our leverage in that business so low, because when everybody is kind of levering up, the thing to do is to run your business unlevered. And if we see some great opportunities coming out of that cycle, our remaining powder is not just what we have in the queues that we talked about, but also the opportunity of levering up to the more normalized levels that those funds were designed to do. So I don't think capital is a constraint for us on the private side.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Crow with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Bill Crow: Good morning. Thanks. Within the context of the market rent growth that we're talking about and the Street expecting kind of four or five years' worth, are you seeing any markets where either sequentially or on a year-over-year basis market rents are starting to come down from their peaks?
Hamid Moghadam: Go ahead, Chris.
Chris Caton: Hi. It's Chris Caton. I ran through the regional differences and the pace of growth this year is, in fact, higher than last year. So all the US and those differentials, Europe as well is faster, not slower. So we are -- we have quite a bit of momentum. In terms of individual markets, we track our risk -- our supply risk markets. And that list has not appreciably changed over the past year. We are watchful of supply in a handful of markets, Dallas, Indianapolis and Phoenix. But we would not rate that supply as too much to damage rent growth, but it's -- those are a couple of markets we are watching.
Bill Crow: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Derek Johnston: Hi, everybody. Many companies like retail, they're reporting higher inventory levels and inventory-to-sales ratios are creeping up. So how is the inventory build demand driver that you guys discussed impacted last quarter's leasing? And are you seeing any delays now for this year or really in the opening, just to clarify, was that cautionary, given the macro? So any more insight as you were working to get our head around this emerging driver? Thanks a lot.
Chris Caton: Thanks, Derek. It's Chris Caton. Yes, indeed, Tim summarized our view, and we do think it's -- in his script, and we think it's appropriate to be prudent in macro. In fact, we're getting a lot of questions on this, just as you're asking. So, we're going to publish a paper this week on this very topic. Look, summary is the buildup of real inventories for resilience is really only half done and its progressing -- it's progressing with our view.  Now notwithstanding some of that excess inventory for some retailers for some products, which you just described, the broader landscape has continued to focus on raising inventory levels, reducing stock outs and reintroducing product variety. As it relates to leasing, we are seeing it in the marketplace now for resilience. I'll just give you the basic numbers, trend demand growth in our 30 markets is roughly 200 million to 225 million square feet per year, and we are running at a pace of 300 million square feet per year.  So, we have indeed seen quite a bit of growth in excess of -- excuse me, it's 400 million, so 300 million realized over the last 18 months. So, we've begun to realize some of these structural drivers, but more is in front of us than has been realized.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. I would say this is the second worst understood point about our business. I think I would put Amazon first and I would put a level of inventory second, that's why we've chosen to put out this paper, and I just invite you to get into the nuances. These kinds of numbers, particularly ratio type numbers, can be very misleading, if you don't parse them out. For example, whether you include autos or non-autos or general merchandise or non-general merchandise, you'll see those conclusions to be radically different.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. I just had a couple of questions here on page four, where you give the leading indicators. I guess on lease proposals, I just want to see what you would attribute to that number having coming down? Is that just now finally realizing the Amazon effect removing them from the market? I mean lease proposals look like they're down 10%, 15% versus your year average.  And then on the IBI activity index, I just want to also make sure in terms of the -- what you're serving people about, is that really looking forward on space demand, or is it more of a  I mean the chart looks like it's almost more of a coincidental indicator rather than much of a leading indicator if you look at the last sort of two recessions and how it played out?
Hamid Moghadam: All I can tell you is that, it's hard to increase lease proposals when you have less space to rent. We only have 2% vacancy. So, the metric that you should think about is the one that we mentioned in the script, which is that, we are 52% on our vacancy at this point in the cycle, which is by far higher than the normal point in the cycle in terms of pre-leasing or re-leasing of our vacancies. These are proposals by the way.
Chris Caton: Yes. And as it relates to the IBI, which you asked, we find it to be more closely correlated with next 12-month absorption than any other economic indicator.
Operator: Thanks. The next question comes from the line of Dave Rogers with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Dave Rogers: Yes, thanks. Given the comments you made earlier, just about the price discovery in the market. Curious about your thoughts around asset sales dispositions, you didn't update guidance, but should we anticipate that, that pushes later into the year? And then maybe more broadly, as you bring Duke on board, not a question about them, but about you, that effective transaction as a deleveraging event, it seems for you guys. So, do you run leverage back up as a company? Are you comfortable you are? Do you run lower kind of in the future and trying to think about asset sales and recycling going forward?
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, pretty hard to run leverage any lower than where we are, But we're not conscious with thinking of leveraging up. And the fact that the combination will actually improve or reduce our leverage is totally coincidental. We're not doing the deal to reduce our leverage. Our leverage is pretty low. So, I would say our leverage is probably much lower than it's likely to be across the cycle. But again, that's opportunity driven, not sort of top-down driven. Tim, anything else?
Tim Arndt: No, I fully agree on how we view that transaction. And then with regard to dispo timing, nothing has really changed in our forecast. The holding of our guidance reflects our original view. There's always puts and takes on which quarter, some things will land in and what the right mix of assets are going to be, but we're good with our guidance.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. Let me just give you an example of dispo guidance. We had a portfolio that we had on the market, nothing to -- obviously, with Duke. And the buyer came back for a price discount. And we basically told them, they can take a hike. The same thing happened in the week that the world shutdown because of COVID. A buyer came in, they were way down the road on the acquisition, and they came back, this is two years ago, for a price discount, okay? And we told them to go away. They came back a year and a half later, and they paid 15% more than they had the deal tied up on. So, 20% more than where they were trying to drive the price that. I'm not saying the same thing will happen, but I'm just saying, look, at the end of the day, no level of disposition or acquisition or development is going to affect the company that's of this scale and diversity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Bilerman: Hey. I mean, just staying with sort of the investment market, I just wanted to get some of your views, thinking about it more so from an IRR perspective than a cap rate, just given how large the mark-to-market today in various assets, talking about a spot cap rate sometimes leads to different conclusions? And so I'd be curious of your view how you're approaching it from an IRR basis, either on a five or seven-year basis and how you're thinking about the required return, but also how you're seeing the usual investor change perhaps their view overall on underwriting?
Hamid Moghadam: Third, at least well understood point. And you make a great point. What does the spot cap rate mean if your mark-to-market is 50 basis points. If you're investing in apartments, you're there is no mark-to-market. So, the cap rate is the cap rate. But the fact that you have that built-in mark-to-market, just as your question suggests, that alone would drive cap rates way down. So, I think the IRR is a much better measure of return requirements. And I would say, a quarter ago, we were seeing transactions go down in the low five unleveraged IRRs, which is the way we like to look at it. By the way, we're investing at those kinds of returns. But they were literally low five IRRs with an average, I would say, rent growth forecast a market rent growth forecast of probably 3%, okay? Today, I would say the discount rates that people are likely to look at are going to have a six in front of them, low 6s. But the rental growth forecast, even with the same 3% market rent forecast is going to be substantially higher than before because the mark-to-markets have expanded. So the lease mark-to-market of 3% is on top of the mark-to-market. So the total lease growth rate is increasing. So I'm not sure the cap rates are going to move around that much because of the mark-to-market issue. I think what's going to happen is most people don't get that. So they're going to pause a bit on volume of deployment. But any time anybody wants to bring a good deal in one of our markets at -- with 50% mark-to-market at the kind of cap rates that we saw maybe three quarters ago, our number is one 800 Prologis. We'd like to buy as much of that stuff as we can because I think to invest in that with that mark-to-market, -- and that level of discount to replacement costs is our dream come true, and our leveraged friends can't do that. So it's a great environment.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from the line of Jamie Feldman with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Feldman: Great. Thank you. I mean I don't know if you can quantify this or not, but when you think about your leasing pipeline, the proposals you've mentioned, 52% of remaining vacancies. Can you break that out by how much you think that is  how much of that do you think is recession-sensitive versus not? So I guess I'm asking, when you think about if they're really trying to get supply chain resilience and all the secular trends we're talking about, how much of the leasing pipeline would just power through that versus take a pause if we do, in fact, have a mild recession as a later calling for?
Hamid Moghadam: Jamie, it would be pure speculation. I have no idea is a personal answer. First of all, I'm not sure we're going to have a recession. Secondly, I have no idea if we have a recession, how deep or extended it will be? I'm not sure even what the definition of the recession is anymore because when got not just committee deciding whether we're in a recession or not, and they usually declare it a couple of quarters after it happens. So the answer is, I have no clue. That's the honest answer. Okay. That was the last question. Really appreciate your interest and look forward in our continued dialogue. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and logoff your computers. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Duke Realty first quarter earnings call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Ron Hubbard. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Hubbard: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Jim Connor, Chairman and CEO; Mark Denien, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Schnur, Chief Operating Officer; and Nick Anthony, Chief Investment Officer. Before we make our prepared remarks, let me remind you that certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. These risks and other factors could adversely affect our business and future results. For more information about those risk factors, we would refer you to our 10-K or 10-Q that we have on file with the SEC and the company's other SEC filings. All forward-looking statements speak only as of today, April 28, 2022, and we assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. A reconciliation to GAAP of the non-GAAP financial measures that we provide in this call is included in our earnings release. Our earnings release and supplemental package were distributed last night after the market closed. If you did not receive a copy, these documents are available on the Investor Relations section of our website at dukerealty.com. You can also find our earnings release, supplemental package, SEC reports and an audio webcast of this call in the Investor Relations section of our website. Now for our prepared statement, I will turn it over to Jim Connor.
Jim Connor: Thanks, Ron. Good afternoon, everyone. The fundamentals of our business continue to be at all-time record levels. We achieved record high occupancy levels in both our stabilized in-service and total in-service portfolio, record rent growth on a cash and GAAP basis, our development platform had nearly $340 million of development starts, our Coastal Tier 1 exposure is approaching 50%, our portfolio mark-to-market increased to 48%. All of these factors contributed to raising key components of our 2022 guidance, including over 10% growth in FFO, 11% growth in AFFO at the midpoint. Now let me turn it over to Steve to cover some of the market fundamentals and our operations.
Steve Schnur: Thanks, Jim. On the fundamental side, first quarter demand was 95 million square feet, making it 5 of the last 6 quarters of demand in the 100 million square foot or greater range. First quarter deliveries were about 85 million square feet with the vacancy rate at quarter end remaining near record lows all-time at 3.1%. Taking the record low vacancy rate of near 3%, coupled with an expected positive demand supply gap again this year, we have revised our 2022 rent growth forecast for our markets from the 10% to 15% range to the high teens to low 20% range. On the long-term demand side, CBRE recently affirmed its outlook for 1.4 billion square feet of demand through 2026 with no periods of negative net absorption through 2032. Although we are paying close attention to headline data such as inflation, fuel and labor costs and a resurgence in bottlenecks occurring in some Asian ports, we have yet to see an impact to demand in our portfolio. Based on recent dialogues with our customers, RFPs to lease space and the most recent logistics manager index at record levels, the near-term outlook is as strong as it has been in this cycle. Long term, we believe the secular themes for greater inventory resiliency, and e-commerce are still very much intact and should continue to drive short-term and long-term demand. Turning to our own portfolio. We continue to see these positive indicators, evidenced by 62 leases executed during the quarter totaling over 7.7 million square feet. Demand was broad-based across categories with a number of leases between 250,000 and 850,000 square feet with customers such as FedEx, Samsung, Walgreens, Cardinal Health, International Paper, Sealy Mattress, some major 3PLs and a global e-commerce customer. Of note, we had only 2 spaces greater than 100,000 square feet in our in-service portfolio available at the end of the first quarter. And I'm happy and pleased to report that both are now leased. Our lease activity for the quarter, combined with the strong fundamentals I discussed, led to continued growth in rents on second-generation leases of 29% cash and 49% GAAP, both records. I'd also point out that only 18% of this lease activity was in coastal markets. Across our entire in-service portfolio, the portfolio leased mark-to-market is now 48% on a GAAP basis. We believe this presents strong visibility for significant rent growth for the foreseeable future. We finished the quarter with the total in-service portfolio 99.1% leased and the stabilized portfolio 99.4% leased, again, both all-time records. On the development front, we had a tremendous first quarter starts, breaking ground on 8 speculative projects totaling $339 million in cost. All of these projects are in well-located submarkets. Our confidence in leasing speculative space continues to be very strong, as evidence of the 5.6 million square feet of speculative developments placed in service over the past year. Those projects were originally 3% leased at the start and are now 100% leased. Our development pipeline at quarter end totaled $1.64 billion with 63% allocated to Coastal Tier 1 markets and 85% allocated to overall Tier 1 markets. This pipeline is 52% preleased, and we expect to generate value creation margins over 70%. Looking forward, our pipeline for future development starts is very strong. Our land balance at quarter end totaled $582 million with an additional $235 million uncovered land. 93% of this land bank is located in Coastal Tier 1 markets. Coupled with the land options we have, another land in our operating portfolio, we can support our current level of annual starts for the next 3 years. It is also important to note for modeling NAV that the market value of the land we own is about 2x our book basis and, on average, we've only owned this land for about 1 year. With the fundamentals I outlined and our best-in-class local operating teams, our outlook for new development starts as strong. This is reflected by our revised guidance, up about 20% from our original midpoint. I'll now turn it over to Nick Anthony to cover acquisitions and dispositions.
Nick Anthony: Thanks, Steve. I'll start with dispositions. As noted on the last call, earlier this quarter, we contributed to the third tranche of Amazon access to our joint venture with CBRE Investment Management, for which our share of the proceeds was $269 million. Coupled with the outright sale of another Amazon facility in Tampa, dispositions totaled $325 million for the quarter. As a result, our Amazon exposure was 5.7% at the end of the quarter. Given the strong prices for logistics real estate and particularly for a few of our strategically located assets, we are seeing an increase in reverse inquiries for some of our assets at prices we previously did not expect, did not have in our original plan to sell in 2022. As a result, we have increased our guidance for dispositions to a range of $900 million to $1.1 billion. This will provide attractively priced capital to fund our increased development expectations. On the acquisition side, we purchased 1 facility totaling 75,000 square feet in the Southern California Mid-County submarket. The building was vacant, and given current leasing prospects, we expect it to stay at a 4.6% yield. I will now turn it over to Mark to discuss our financial results and guidance update.
Mark Denien: Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. Core FFO for the quarter was $0.44 per share, which represents 12.8% growth over the first quarter of 2021. The increased core FFO per diluted share was primarily driven by rental rate growth, increased occupancy and portfolio growth in highly leased developments. AFFO totaled $156 million for the quarter. Our best in class low level of capital expenditures, along with strong NOI growth continues to generate significant AFFO growth on a share-adjusted basis even in excess of our FFO growth. Same-property NOI growth on a cash basis for the first quarter of 2022 compared to the first quarter of 2021 was 7.3%. The growth in same-property NOI was due to increased occupancy and rent growth as well as the burn-off of some free rent compared to the first quarter of 2021. We do expect this growth to moderate a bit for the remainder of the year based mainly on less free rent burn-off. Same property NOI growth on a net effective basis was 5.2% for the quarter. As a result of our strong start to 2022, we announced revised core FFO guidance for 2022 to a range of $1.88 to $1.94 per share compared to the previous range of $1.87 to $1.93 per share. The $1.91 midpoint of our revised core FFO guidance represents an over 10.4% increase of 2021 results. We also announced revised guidance for growth in AFFO on a share adjusted basis between 9.1% and 13% with a midpoint of 11% compared to the previous range of 8.4% to 12.3%. For same-property NOI growth on a cash basis, we have increased our guidance to a range of 5.8% to 6.6% from the previous range of 5.4% to 6.2%. This increase is mainly a result of expectations of continued strong rental rate growth and occupancy for the remainder of the year, similar to levels that we experienced in the first quarter. On the development guidance. The market fundamentals are submerged and continue to be very supportive of specular developments, and coupled with our lease-up track record, we are revising guidance development starts to be between $1.45 billion and $1.65 billion compared to the previous range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion. This increase in development starts provide a key source of growth in 2023 and beyond. We've updated a couple of other components of our guidance based on our more optimistic outlook as detailed in our range of estimates excluded -- included in our supplemental information on website. I'll now turn it back to Jim for a few closing remarks.
Jim Connor: Thanks, Mark. In closing, even with some rising macro headwinds on inflation, interest rate and geopolitical side of things, we believe the multiple secular tailwinds driving our business and overall positive GDP and consumer spending set-up will continue to provide opportunities for strong leasing and development. This, combined with the substantial amount of embedded rent growth in our existing portfolio gives us great confidence in our ability to generate double-digit growth in FFO and AFFO for our shareholders not just in 2022, but in the foreseeable future, which should generate a commensurate level of growth in our annual dividend. I want to thank you all for your continued support in Duke Realty. We will now open it up for questions. [Operator Instructions] And with that, operator, we'll open the lines and take our first question.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman.
Jamie Feldman: I guess just thinking about the guidance, there's a lot -- several areas where clearly the outlook is better fundamentally, more development starts. Can you just talk about maybe some of the things that might have been a bigger drag than maybe some that were thinking about, as you kind of weigh the positives and the negatives, if there was anything?
Mark Denien: Jamie, I'll start. This is Mark. There were no really big drags. I guess maybe the only thing you could kind of point to is this change negatively on this year's FFO number will be your increase in dispositions guidance. Most of that increase in dispositions guidance will go to fund the development pipeline. So that's modestly dilutive this year. But it will be certainly accretive in the long run as we trade a low cap rate on disposition sales for higher-yielding development assets. But that was probably a little bit of a drag from where we were last quarter. But I think we're pretty optimistic to start the year, and it's only better now.
Jamie Feldman: And then if you think about -- let's say, we do end up -- head into some sort of recession. Can you just talk about portfolio credit quality today and just how you think the -- whether it's earnings growth or occupancy or even leasing spreads would hold up if you did -- we did see a pullback in the economy versus prior cycles?
Jim Connor: Yes. Sure, Jamie. It's Jim. I would make a couple of observations. I think we can all point back to roughly 2 years ago at the start of pandemic, which was a great stress test for our portfolio and the quality of our credit tenants. And reminding everybody, 18 to 24 months ago, we were collecting 99.99% of our rents. So not that anybody wants to see that kind of thing again, but that's the kind of stress test that gives us confidence that in any sort of a downturn out there in the future, our portfolio will continue to perform.  And then as Steve pointed out earlier, even if the market softens to the point where there's no rent growth in the markets, we still have 48% embedded rent growth in our portfolio. So I would point to those 2 things as giving us a great deal of confidence in our ability to perform even if things were soft somewhat.
Jamie Feldman: Okay. I guess just to be fair, though, I mean, there was a lot of government stimulus that kept tenants healthier, I guess, thinking about even earlier downturns, if we look back at that, it's really declined.
Jim Connor: No, I don't -- if you look at the number of tenants in our portfolio that got any sort of government assistance, it's less than 10%. And if you go back and look at some of the tenants that we did rent offset agreements, half of them prepaid those early. So I think that speaks to the quality and the resiliency of the portfolio and the tenants weve got.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Emmanuel Korchman.
Emmanuel Korchman: If we think about just the long-term drivers of the growth in this business, at this point in the cycle, how much of that should be coming from sort of the internal growth, especially with the mark-to-market as high as it is? I guess the deeper questions there is how much of that we get each year and the next few upcoming years here, how much of that is going to come from external growth? So if we take your, call it, around about 10% growth, is that half from development and half from this rent mark-to-market? Or is it a different proportion than that?
Mark Denien: You're close, Jamie -- or Jamie, sorry, Manny.
Emmanuel Korchman: This question is mine, Mark.
Mark Denien: Yes. We have a slide in our investor deck that lays that out, and it really hasn't changed much. And you're pretty much right on. If you look at our external growth, I think we quoted a development return of like 10% to 12% to FFO, the impact on FFO, net of financing cost of [4 to 6], so that goes together in your 5% to 6%, give or take, of external growth. And then our -- what I call, our internal growth for GAAP FFO same property is about 5%. So it's about 50-50. You're right on. And I think the simple math way to think about it, our mark-to-market our portfolio, like Jim said, is 48%. If you will, plus or minus 10% a year that we've been doing at 48%, there's 5% growth. So that's simple math, but you're pretty close.
Emmanuel Korchman: Great. And then on the development starts, is there a -- either a cost or a mix component there? So if we were to look at the number of starts that you're going to have this year versus -- in the new guidance versus the old guidance, has that changed? Is it new projects? Or is it more expensive projects or a couple of bigger projects versus some smaller ones before?
Steve Schnur : Yes, Manny, this is Steve. I mean, there's always some ins and outs. I would tell you, it's a couple more projects. There's something significantly large that skew in that one way or the other, so somewhere along -- I mean, we go into this -- we've got most of next year mapped out as well. Again, there's always a few that we find along the way. But we've been pretty diligent about building our land bank and having visibility for the next couple of years in our development guidance.
Emmanuel Korchman: So Steve, what would be the potential for that to start guidance to go up again this year at all? Or is that kind of fixed for '22 at this point?
Steve Schnur : For development guidance to go up again, on starts?
Emmanuel Korchman: Yes.
Steve Schnur : Yes, if we found another project that we're able to start near term, but those are harder and harder to come by with entitlements. So could it go up modestly, perhaps. But most of what we have is, we're already in some level of process on.
Jim Connor: Yes. I think the only significant filter in that would be some big build-to-suits. And they're out there, but they take a lot of time. We've got a number of those built into the pipeline. But you add 1 or 2 or more of those, and I think you could see an appreciable increase.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kim.
John Kim : On your development land bank, you're saying now we could accommodate 3 years of development starts at your current run rate because the run rate has gone up. What's your ability to source more land in your Tier 1 markets and have development yields kind of remain attractive to you?
Steve Schnur : Yes. I would say I think that's the strength of our team. We've been able to do that the last 3 years, looking back to 2019 -- 2019, 2020, 2021, weve ran at a lower land bank number, and this development -- our development starts have been in the same range. So we've got -- as we've said in our opening remarks, we've got a land bank that can support this level of starts for the next 3 years. There's always a number of sites that are under contract, under option, some level of due diligence. But our teams are -- this is where our team shine. And I think we've done a really nice job with doing it.
Jim Connor: Yes. For perspective, John, we had almost double the land now that we had a year ago. And to Steve's point, we've been doing this level of development all along. Now a lot of that land is covered land. It's generating income, which is even better. But we've been buying about the same amount we've been monetizing every year. We've been doing it through this whole cycle.
John Kim : Right. But development starts are going up. So it's just the visibility on developments, it doesn't seem as strong as it did before. So I was wondering, on the second part of the question, multi-store development in Tier 1 markets or non-Tier 1 markets doing developments there, when do these become more attractive?
Jim Connor: The spread between the Coastal Tier 1 and the Tier 1 of the other markets, John?
John Kim : Right. Just given the difference in land cost. Does it become more attractive to do, developments outside of your Coastal Tier 1 cities?
Jim Connor: Yes. I would tell you, I think the land that we have either on the books or that we control, we believe is in the right submarkets in all of our various markets. So the margins are consistently -- have been consistently, let's just say, north of 50% in our development pipeline. So I would tell you, the value creation opportunity in the whole portfolio is really good. And it's not a situation of where we're differentiating between markets or shifting our strategy. I think we've got ample opportunity across the board.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows.
Caitlin Burrows: I had another follow-up question on development. I guess initial '22 development start guidance was low versus '21, but you did revise it higher. And some of your peers have discussed issues with labor and materials impacting developments potential. So just wondering if you could comment to what extent you've been impacted by current labor or material headwinds impacting your development potential?
Steve Schnur : Yes, Caitlin, I'd tell you, we're closely monitoring what's going on with materials. I'd tell you, our processes have changed a bit in terms of when we're starting design, how quickly or how far out in front we're procuring materials. I would tell you, all of our 2022 starts are locked in, in terms of our start dates and design and our permitting as well as our early long-lead material items. Labor hasn't been as big of an issue, but materials have been. But again, I think this is where we're able to use our size and our balance sheet and our 50 years of experience to stay out in front of us.
Jim Connor: Yes, Caitlin, I would add to Steve's comment. I think what's helping us drive our guidance on the development side isn't related to labor or material costs, it's the land that we have in the portfolio when those sites are entitled and ready to go and it's the leasing of our spec portfolio. And we've come out of the first quarter and most of the way through April much stronger than I think even we anticipated. So I think that's given us the confidence to go ahead and increase development guidance once again.
Caitlin Burrows: Yes. And actually, my second question was going to be on that speculative side. I was just wondering, it does seem like speculative development at this point definitely makes sense. But wondering what metrics you look at to gauge what speculative development is warranted and you're open to it versus something that might be considered more risky.
Jim Connor: Well, I don't know what we can do, this is more risky than speculative development. I'm open to ideas, I suppose. So what we look at is a number of metrics. What's the percentage leased in the development pipeline. And even with the increase in the amount of speculative development we're doing versus build-to-suits, that number is still at roughly 50%, which is a number we're very comfortable with. We look at leasing volume. As Steve cited earlier, this is the, I think, eighth consecutive quarter that we're above 7 million square feet. And we look at the overall occupancy of the portfolio, the in-service and the total portfolio, both of which are above 99%. So I think the combination of all 3 of those metrics would tell you that we need to be doing more speculative development and bring more space into the portfolio.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Yes, no, I was saying that in certain market conditions, speculative development might be considered more risky, but based on those metrics you're talking about, it seems that's not necessarily the case.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico.
Nick Yulico : I was hoping to get, Mark, in terms of the rent spreads that you're assuming in guidance for the rest of the year on a GAAP and cash basis.
Mark Denien: Yes. Nick, I think they'll be very similar to what we posted in Q1. The mark-to-market on our portfolio sort of was going at 48%, is really close to the 49% we posted in the first quarter. Steve mentioned only 18% of that role was in coastal markets. That's pretty similar to what we expect for the last 9 months of the year. We still don't have a lot of coastal roll coming out of the last 9 months. So I think you'll see -- it may vary quarter-to-quarter, maybe a little higher or lower. But by and large, for the rest of the year, I think you'll see rent growth that we post on deals very similar to the first quarter. As we look out to next year, we're not going to give guidance yet. But I would tell you that the coastal role we have next year is a little bit over 30% compared to 18% this year. So as we sit here today, I would expect it to get only better next year.
Nick Yulico : Okay. Great. That's helpful. Just second question is on development. If you could talk a little bit more about the yield for the deliveries in the first quarter higher than it's been. You had a 67% expected cash yield there, kind of what's driving that. And then also, I guess going back to the yield that you quote on the development pipeline underway, 5.8%, how we should think about ultimately that yield once you deliver since you did raise your market rent forecast. And so I don't think you're trending rents in your development yields. So maybe you can just give us a feel for how that could play out.
Mark Denien: Well, I'll start the first question and maybe try to kind of turn it over to else. Our yields have popped for really 2 reasons. We are leasing our spec projects literally as they go in service. We've been talking about -- as Steve mentioned, we started the spec projects we delivered over the last 12 months. We started at 3%. There are now 100%. They are virtually 100% when they went in service. So we've been leasing these up at 2 months or less. We always underwrite 1 year. So when you look at our initial yields, we've got a year of carry costs buried in the cost. So it brings our yield down a little bit. So to the extent we can lease those up 10 or 12 months earlier, that helps yields. So that's part of it. And then the second part was just rent growth. You mentioned it, we don't trend rents when we do our underwriting. We underwrite current rents when we start to deal and then we only adjust that for signed deals. So the deals we're signing based on the market rent of what we are experiencing are substantially and accessible underwrote. So those 2 factors is what's creating that big pop in yields from initial underwriting to delivery. And I would tell you, as we look forward, to the extent that dynamic continues, you'll see that result continue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith.
Michael Goldsmith: You talked a bit about the drivers that have greater inventory resiliency and e-commerce growth. But I wanted to dig into a little bit about reshoring. Do the shutdowns in China escalate this conversation again? And this driver kind of takes a little bit maybe longer than some of the others to kind of realize in demand. So when can we really start to see this as a major contributor to demand going forward?
Steve Schnur : Yes. I think it's -- people are determining now, future proofing their supply chains. Whether you're talking about resiliency or future proofing, I think it's a trend we're going to see, I think, New Mexico and Central America relative to manufacturing, we're seeing some of it in spots and in certain industries in the U.S. But the bigger impact near term to us is just more product on our shores. So yes, I think it's definitely top of mind for all of our customers.
Jim Connor: Yes, Michael, I would add, I think Steve is exactly right. The near-term impact is the safety stock that our customers are out trying to put in their logistics and supply chain. I think the impact of onshoring and nearshoring will be a little slower but steady or steadier over the course of the next likely 5 to 7 years. Because rebuilding or reengineering, manufacturing, processing, assembly operations takes a little bit more time than just moving the logistics side of the business. So I think that's a better long -- midterm and long-term driver for our space.
Michael Goldsmith: Got it. And as a follow-up, last year, you had a number -- you had more renewals than maybe expected as people look to renew early. What are you seeing on that this year? And how do those lease negotiations differ from kind of traditional expirations? And what sort of escalators are you currently getting in sort of your renewals?
Steve Schnur : Yes. I would tell you -- it's Steve. I would say that, do we have customers trying to -- given the environment out there, trying to lock up space earlier? Certainly. I think it's -- a good brokerage firm representing them would tell them to do if it's a critical piece to their supply chain. We're -- we'll listen to customers. We'll talk with them. But obviously, it's a landlords market right now. So we don't tend to negotiate rents too far in advance in today's market. In terms of escalators, it's been a big point of emphasis for us. You saw us move our escalators up in the latter part of '21 up north of 3% in what we were signing then. In the first quarter of '22, that number has moved to 3.6%. I would tell you, I would expect that trend to continue the rest of the year. Certainly, we've -- there's inflation numbers out there that would suggest that they could go higher for us in our annual escalators within our leases.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem.
Ronald Kamdem : Just a quick one on inventory. And I know it's announced a lot of different ways, but when you're speaking to tenants, can you just give us a sense of what they're saying about their inventory levels? And are they happy? How much more do they need? Just any color or commentary would be really helpful because we keep hearing about inventory comment, and I'm wondering what you guys are seeing in your portfolio.
Steve Schnur : Sure. I would tell you, our -- we do a space utilization exercise twice a year with our tenants. Tenants are utilizing space at sort of near record levels for as long as we've been doing it, just around 90%. The resiliency side of this or the build back of stock that they have, we still think, we pay a lot of attention in the inventory to sales ratio. There's been a lot of debate by a number of people on this call as to breaking that down by category. And we've done that. I would tell you, we still think that there's a 5% to 10% build back to get to pre-pandemic levels for inventories for our customers. And that would tell you there's 300 million to 400 million square feet of incremental demand that needs to get absorbed back into warehouses.
Ronald Kamdem : Got it. That makes sense. And then just another one on -- a big picture one on recession, which I know it's being debated in the market. Clearly, you're not seeing it, putting more capital to work here. But maybe can you give us a sense of what -- when would you see it, right? What are some of the signs that you would have to see in your businesses, it could be build-to-suits, it could be tenant commitments to capital. Like, how do you guys think about what the leading indicators in your businesses are for when things start to slow, if they start to slow?
Jim Connor: So Ron, I think we would -- it would first manifest itself with us in, I think, our leasing volumes, in our renewal discussions and things like that. Next, if you kind of peel back the onion, if we look at the deals that we're doing, and the capital that our customers are spending, if they start to pull back on capital investments inside the building, I think that's a pretty good leading economic indicator. So that's, I guess, one of the reasons we follow that so closely in terms of our renewal percentage, our leasing volume, where the development pipeline is, so that we can keep a pretty good handle on that in a sense of the kind of demand we're seeing. And then the other thing which we've talked about before is the build-to-suits. So the build-to-suits are the best leading economic indicator for us in our conversations with our clients for the next 18 to 24 months. Because you're talking about designing and entitling and building buildings that aren't going to be delivered until 2024, in some cases, 2025. And customers are -- if they're seeing problems out there in their logistics and supply chain, they're not going to be willing to make those commitments. And sitting here today, we've got lots of those opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone.
Vince Tibone: Could you provide your lease mark-to-market on a cash basis and also share how that differs between some of your top markets?
Mark Denien: Yes. Vince, it's Mark. We're leasing at 48% on a GAAP basis and 35% on cash. And then as far as the markets, I would tell you, it's pretty well spread. It's pretty even across all the markets with the 2 main outliers being Southern California and New Jersey. Obviously, our coastal markets are a little bit better overall. But if you pull back in on the coastal markets, Southern Cal and New Jersey are the biggest. And you got to keep in mind, those are the 2 newest markets for us as well, and that's why we're only rolling 18% this year versus the 45% plus exposure that we have on those coasts. And that's why we're still bullish on our future outlook of this mark-to-market continuing only get better. But pretty well spread out other than those 2 markets, are clearly at the top of the class.
Vince Tibone: No, that makes sense. Is there anything you can just quantify that a little bit? Just like how much higher is Southern California and New Jersey compared to the likes of Dallas, Chicago, Atlanta? Like what order of magnitude roughly?
Mark Denien: Double. Literally double, yes. Now I like to say, keep in mind, some of the Dallas and Chicago, places like that, we've got -- I'm trying to explain, we've got newer fresher leases buried in that number. So just hypothetically if Dallas is 45% and Southern Cal is doubled that, 90%, you've got numbers out, part of that is because Southern Cal, believe it or not, has to hold our leases in our portfolio because we haven't got them to roll yet, and Dallas has been rolled all along. So we don't have as much churn left to go in Dallas, if that makes sense. You got to look at the maturity at all, too, but yes.
Vince Tibone: No, that's really helpful color. One more for me, switching gears. Like, had your asset mix in terms of what's targeted for disposition this year changed at all given the higher rates? And do you think pricing has moved for properties that are longer lease, lower growth profile?
Nick Anthony: We haven't seen it yet. What we have seen is that we've seen the buyer pool shrink a bit on the assets. We've only had a few assets out in the market. One of them is under agreement at a pricing that we expected to transact at, sub-4 in a non-Tier 1 market. So we're keeping a very close eye on it. There's a lot of chatter out there about it. But I don't think anybody has really seen it yet. So we'll be back -- we'll be opportunistic on the disposition side and evaluate each one as we go about it. And if we think the price is right, we'll transact. If not, we won't.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim.
Ki Bin Kim: Just going back to your land bank commentary. You mentioned about 3 years of runway. I'm assuming you included the options that you have available. But if you look at the land, I mean, half of that if you include options, is actually in Columbus, Ohio, which I'm sure you can develop there. But I was just curious, from a practical standpoint, is it really 3 years? Because I can't imagine you guys doing a bunch of Ohio developments all of a sudden. Or should we expect you guys to continuously reload that land bank at a pretty strong pace?
Mark Denien: Ki Bin, why do you take it on Columbus, Ohio for, man? No, to your point, just to clarify, I think this is detailed in the supplemental. The only place we have a long-term land option agreement is at Rickenbacker Airport in Colombus, Ohio. So everything else supporting the numbers that Steve put out is land that we have either under contract, under agreement, covered land plays or already owned it on the books. So the Columbus option land is a very small piece. It does not represent the lion's share of our development pipeline for the next 3 years.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thanks for that clarification. And just going back to the topic of demand. I think one of your competitors have talked about e-commerce not being able to sort of spear anymore for demand and other segments stepping up. And I know it doesn't work its way because of with the economy growth and population growth, but there's always kind of continuous demand. But in a simplistic sense, if -- or how far along are all these corporate users in terms of really just getting into the space they need and have locked it up and maybe the next round of demand just looks a little bit weaker?
Jim Connor: Well, I'll make a couple of comments, and then I think Steve can add some color as well. I think people have talked or speculated about Amazon pulling back, and we saw them pull back in terms of their deal signed last year. And yet we had record demand across the country. So I think while we may see their demand moderate because of the -- how far along they are in terms of the build-out of their supply chain, I think the vast majority of our other clients are still playing catch up. So I think we continue -- expect to see more continued demand on the e-commerce from everybody other than Amazon.  And I think a lot of companies are still playing catch up in terms of the capital investment in their e-commerce facilities. Material handling systems and the robotics are still in their early stages of development. We just saw a headline where Amazon is investing $1 billion in robotics. So I think we got a long runway to go in terms of e-commerce and its adaptation in the U.S. and its supply chain. And I think that bodes really good for us.
Steve Schnur : Yes, Ki Bin, I would just add, for us, 3PLs continue to be the most active user in the market. We saw that in the first quarter. We saw that last year. Retail e-commerce for us has probably fallen to about the third category in terms of overall demand. So as Jim said, it's -- I think most of our customers are early on in their venture towards building out their own e-commerce platforms.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Powell.
Anthony Powell: You've talked about how some of your noncoastal markets are showing increasing strength here. Can you maybe go into some more detail there? Which markets do you want to highlight? And how has the supply environment involved in some of those noncoastal markets?
Steve Schnur : Yes. Look, it's hard to find a soft spot in today's world, right? I would tell you, for us, Houston, as  weve talked about it before, Houston is probably in the one market that's been a little soft for us. But markets this past quarter, markets like Minneapolis, Raleigh, Chicago, Dallas, Atlanta were all great markets for us in terms of rent growth and overall activity. Nashville has been a good market for us as of late. So it's -- again, it's hard to pick a market that's not doing well right now.
Anthony Powell: Got it. Maybe one more. I guess in terms of lease mark-to-market, how should we think about that during a possible recession? How sticky do you think current rents are, looking back at prior recessions? Maybe not COVID, but other recessions, how did lease mark-to-market or overall rents trend? And how should we think about that risk over the next few years?
Mark Denien: Well, I'll start. I mean, I think -- forget the recession, 48%, we expect it to get better because we don't expect rents to pull back anytime soon. But I think the easiest way we think about it is, if they go flat, which is a dramatic decrease from what we've experienced the last several years, we still have that 48% baked into our numbers. So I think we're very comfortable that even if we have some period of dislocation here and rent growth stops, that it can stay in the range it's at right now and we'll still have 48% upside. So how low can it go? I don't know. I mean, it can go lower, anything can happen. But I think we're very comfortable that the 48% will get better. And sort of a downside scenario, maybe not a worst case, but the downside is it stays at 48%.
Anthony Powell: How did rents trend in 2008 and 2001? Just curious as someone newer to the space.
Mark Denien: Well, I think you got to factor in the different starting point, first of all. 2008, we were at a 3% vacancy heading into 2008. We're in a -- I mean, I just don't know that you can always look at history in the environment we're in now and draw logical conclusions from it. That would be my starting point. I don't know, Jim, if you have anything to add to that.
Jim Connor: Yes. I don't know, off the top of my head, I have that -- I think to your point, even if market rents fell and went truly negative, even if they fell 15% or 20%, we've still got a 48% mark to market. So I can't imagine a scenario even in 2008 through 2010, rents didn't fall 50%.
Nick Anthony: The other thing I'd point out is in 2008 -- today, we have 44% of our NOI coming from Coastal Tier 1 markets that have 1% vacancy and don't have any land available. Back in 2008, that was less than 1%. So there's a big difference there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson.
Rich Anderson: Just a couple of quick follow-ups. A lot of my questions have been answered. But there was a -- you mentioned, just to answer to a previous question just a little bit ago, e-commerce is the third largest, what was that, in terms of activity, leasing activity in the first quarter? And maybe you can give me the breakdown of the industries. I might have missed that.
Steve Schnur : Yes. Our top 1 was 3PLs. That made up -- for us that made up a little under half of our overall activity. Consumer product goods would be, I guess, the next category I would throw out there in terms of activity. Retail e-commerce would be the third. And then sort of what we call manufacturers assembled goods would be the fourth category.
Rich Anderson: And how has that changed over the past couple of years?
Steve Schnur : I would say with e-commerce and 3PLs have probably shifted. Consumer products goods have always been in that -- usually in the top 4 for our portfolio. Amazon's activity the past 3, 4, 5 years has always put e-commerce up near the top.
Jim Connor: Rich, I would say you got to take that with a little bit of grain of salt. I'm not trying to make excuses, but the consumer products companies, how much of what they're doing is to support their e-commerce and how much is to support their more traditional supply chain, that's kind of the gray area that moves back and forth. It's pretty easy to track Amazon and Wayfair.com because that's purely an e-conference platform. So there's a little gray area in there. But I think to Steve's point, been pretty consistent all along.
Rich Anderson: Same could be said for 3PLs, too, obviously, right? It's very much a gray area, perhaps more. So I wanted to -- I had sort of an idea about leading indicator and what's driving you to expand spec development at this point with a war going on and inflation and so on. And you mentioned build-to-suits being the best leading indicator because those companies aren't going to make those types of commitments if they don't really see what they think they're seeing.  But at the end of the day, they're ingrained in this business, and you used the term catching up to Amazon, so they might be willing to take on a little bit of a risk to play that catch-up trade and not entirely an objective leading indicator, if you were to ask me. The real objective leading indicators might be declining consumer sentiment in the face of inflation. GDP growth, just released this morning, down 1.4% in the first quarter. And yet you're still hanging on to the speculative development process.  I don't know if I have a question in here. But I'm just wondering, beyond the build-to-suit observation as you're guiding like speculative development, what else is getting you there in the light -- in the face of all these other, what I would call, risks to the system?
Jim Connor: Rich, those are all valid points, occupancy, demand, leasing volume, nationwide vacancy, all of those things. If the roles were reversed, you could build more spec space. I mean, if you just think about it, at 99-plus percent in our in-service portfolio, we don't have enough space to handle just the organic growth of our existing customer base.
Rich Anderson: Yes. But 99% is a coincident indicator and could go down as much as it could go up depending on demand of tenants and vacancies and all that sort of stuff. I don't mean to litigate this on this call. I just feel like to expand speculative development at this point seems like a brave step, and you're not the only one doing it, but I guess I'll just leave it at that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller.
Mike Mueller: Two quick ones here. First, who are you typically buying land from today? And what portion of your spec activity is in existing parks?
Steve Schnur : We typically buy, I would say, 2 different -- today, there's either private sellers, people who have owned land for a long time, whether that was a business or owned by a family or a private company. Two is, I would say, companies that are -- that we're redeveloping a site, something they've owned for a long time. And in terms of -- your other question was our development in the existing business parks, that might be --
Mike Mueller: Yes, what --
Steve Schnur : One of our projects, looking at the list here, I think one of our projects is in an existing business park. Everything else was a site that we've been working on and had it in some version of our land bank that was asked on this call a number of times over the past year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blaine Heck.
Blaine Heck: Obviously, you guys put up some really sizable rents for this quarter, especially on a net effective basis at 49% and especially given that only 18% are in those Tier 1 markets. So I was wondering to what extent the term of the leases rolling off is affecting those strong rent spreads. So are those leases kind of 7 or more years old and that's what's driving that high mark to market? Or are they closer to 3 to 5 years old, and those rent spreads are really indicative of very strong rent growth that you've seen even in those lower-tier markets over that short period of time?
Mark Denien: Yes, Blaine, it's a little bit of both. They're not, what I would call, extremely long leases rolling. It's a little bit longer than the 3- to 4-year terms that you mentioned. I think the average term was enrolled was about 5 or 6, which is about what our overall portfolio is as we sit here today. So it's just a combination. We've seen great rent growth across all the markets, whether you pick a market like Chicago or Indi or Atlanta, places we've been a long time, rent growth has been great, not as good as Southern California and New Jersey but certainly been a lot better than the built-in escalators within the lease. So it's not like it's a lot of 15-year deals rolling or anything like that, it was like 6  5 to 6-year deals rolling, just pretty good solid growth across all the markets.
Blaine Heck: All right. Great. That's helpful, Mark. And then I noticed that about half of the year starts during the quarter on a square footage basis were in Indianapolis. Obviously, it's your hometown and we probably expect you guys to keep a footprint there. But can you talk about your longer-term plans for that market and if we should continue to expect growth there? And maybe Steve can talk about the fundamentals that you're seeing there relative to some of the trends in the Tier 1 market.
Steve Schnur : Sure. I wouldn't read a lot into the fact that we started 3 buildings this quarter. It's just a timing thing with lots of land we had. We like the markets we're in. Obviously, we've got a long history in this market. We've got a very deep customer base. And we're in the right submarket. Indi's probably got some headlines recently about some overbuilding. I would tell you that's occurring on -- for those of you unfamiliar with Indianapolis, on the East side or the far South side, it's not where these buildings are located. Again, we've got great history here. I think we know this market better than anyone. And I expect those projects to be successful. Longer term, we haven't been super active on the development front in Indi. It's a good market for us. And when we see opportunities, we'll take advantage of them.
Operator: Thank you. There are no questions in the queue. Please continue.
Jim Connor: I would like to thank everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to engaging with many of you throughout the year. Operator, you may disconnect the line.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-19 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Prologis Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After the speakers' remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn today's call over to Jill Sawyer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jill Sawyer: Thanks Brent, and good morning, everyone. I am standing in for Tracy today. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as managements beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filings. Additionally, our fourth quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg G we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. This morning, we will hear from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results, real-time market conditions and guidance. Hamid Moghadam; Gary Anderson; Chris Caton; Mike Curless Dan Letter; Ed Nekritz; Gene Reilly; and Colleen Mckeown are also with us today.  With that, I will turn the call over to Tom. Tom, will you please begin?
Thomas Olinger: Thanks, Jill. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. The fourth quarter closed at a year of record setting activity across our business. Core FFO was $1.12 per share, with net promote earnings of $0.05. For the full year, core FFO was $4.15 per share, with net promote earnings of $0.06. Excluding promotes, core FFO grew 14% year-over-year. Net effective rent change on rollover accelerated to 33%, up 510 basis points sequentially and was led by the U.S. at over 37%. Average occupancy was 97.4%, up 80 basis points sequentially. Cash same-store NOI growth remained strong at 7.5% for the quarter and 6.1% for the full year. I want to point out that we're modifying our in place to market rent disclosure to standardize this metric among what logistics REITs. This collaboration is an extension of the work we've done to harmonize other property operating metrics. We have a collectively defined net effective lease mark-to-market of our operating portfolio as the growth rate from in-place rents to market rents. This now aligns with how rent change on rollover is expressed. Using this new definition consistently applied our net effective lease mark-to-market at year-end jumped almost 800 basis points sequentially to 36%. This current rent spread represents embedded organic NOI of more than $1.2 billion or $1.55 per share that we will capture without any further market rank growth. Turning to Strategic Capital. This business continues to drive tremendous growth and value. In Q4, we completed the early windup of our highly successful UKLV venture. UKLV's $1.7 billion of operating assets were contributed to our PELP and PELP ventures. We earned net promote income of $0.05 in connection with the closeout of this venture and our percentage of infinite life vehicles has consequently grown to 95% of our $66 billion of third-party assets under management. For the year, our team raised $4.4 billion of third-party equity. After drawing down $1.9 billion in our open ended funds for acquisitions during the year equity queues stood at a record $4 billion at year-end. On the deployment front, we had a very productive and profitable year. Development starts totaled $3.6 billion, with margins of 32%. We continue to maintain a long development runway with a land portfolio able to support $26 billion of future starts. Stabilizations totaled to $2.5 billion with estimated value creation of $1.3 billion and average margin of 53%, both all time highs. Realized development gains were $817 million for the year, also an all time high. These results are the product of our highly disciplined team and an incredibly strong operating environment. For our customers, the importance of the health of their supply chain and the real estate that underpins it has never been so critical. We believe the current global supply chain challenges will continue well beyond this year. Fortunately, the scale of our 1 billion square foot portfolio puts us in a unique position to help our customers address these current supply chain challenges. This includes shortening construction delivery times by navigating raw material shortages and leveraging our Essentials platform to procure warehouse equipment and services, so our customers can focus on their core operations. We're also investing in technology and talent to support our industry leading sustainability objectives, including our efforts around renewable energy. Market dynamics today are highly favorable and demand has never been stronger. During the quarter, we signed 62 million square feet of leases and issued proposals on 90 million square feet. Demand is diverse across a range of industry end customers. E-commerce made up 19% of our new leasing this quarter, with further broadening of customer diversity. We signed 357 new leases with 265 unique e-commerce customers in 2021, both of which are high watermarks. Demand is fueled by three forces. First, overall consumption and demographic growth require our customers to expand. Second, customer supply chains are still repositioning to address the massive shift to e-commerce, as well as preparing for higher growth and service expectations. And third, they need to create more resiliency in supply chains. The inventory to sales ratios are more than 10% below pre-pandemic levels. Our customers not only need to restock at this 10% shortfall, but build additional safety stock of 10% or greater. This combination has the potential to produce 800 million square feet or more of future demand in the U.S. alone. Collectively these forces have placed a premium on speed to market and flexibility driving demand for years to come. From a supply perspective, construction underway in the U.S. is approximately 70% preleased, which is well above the historical average. We believe demand will balance out with supply in 2022 and vacancy rates will remain at record lows in both our U.S. and international markets. Competition for limited availabilities produced yet another quarter of record rent and value growth. In the fourth quarter, rents in our portfolio grew 5.7% globally, and 6.5% in the U.S. bringing full year growth to records 18% and 20% respectively, far exceeding our initial forecast. This growth paired with continued compression and cap rates is translating to record valuation increases. Our portfolio posted its highest quarterly value increase rising more than 12.5% globally, bringing the full year increase to a remarkable 39%. Now moving to guidance for 2022. Here are the components are on an our share basis. We expect cash same-store NOI growth to range between 6% and 7%, and average occupancy to range between 96.5% to 97.5%. We are forecasting rent growth in our markets to be 11% in the U.S. and 10% globally. For Strategic Capital, we expect revenue excluding promotes to range between $540 million and $560 million. We expect net promote income of $0.55 per share for the year, almost all of which will occur in the third quarter and is driven by our PELP venture. While a record, given the significant increase in rents and valuations, we would expect to see similar or higher promote levels in 2023. In response to continued strong demand, we are forecasting development starts of $4.5 billion to $5 billion with approximately 35% build-to-suits. Dispositions will range between $1.5 billion and $1.8 billion, two-thirds of which we expect to close this quarter. We're forecasting net deployment uses of $2.3 billion at the midpoint, which we plan to fund with $1.6 billion of free cash flow after dividends and a modest increase in leverage. We project core FFO, including the $0.55 of net promote income, to range between $5 and $5.10 share, representing 22% year-over-year growth at the midpoint. Core FFO, excluding promotes, will range between $4.45 and $4.55 per share or year- over-year growth of 10% at the midpoint. Since our investor forum in 2019, our three-year earnings CAGR has been 13% excluding promotes, well ahead of the 8% to 9% CAGR forecast we originally provided. Before closing out, I want to spend a minute on the quality of our earnings drivers and differentiator, which set Prologis apart from other real estate companies. We continue to drive strong organic growth and aren't reliant upon external growth to achieve sector leading results. In fact, approximately 75% of the increase to our core FFO for 2022, excluding promotes is derived from organic growth, principally same-store NOI and Strategic Capital fee related earnings. It's important to point out that in 2022, our Strategic Capital revenue including promotes will be over $1 billion, a new milestone. This high margin business generates very durable fee stream with asset management fees marked to fair values each quarter all while requiring minimal capital. In addition, we see growing earnings from our Essentials business, which allows us to expand our services and solutions beyond rent. When we introduce this business back in 2018, we set a target of $300 million from procurement savings and Essentials revenue. We will hit that target this year with more than $225 million from procurement and $75 million from Essentials. In light of our success with procurement and the fact that we have embedded this initiative into our platform, we will not provide specific procurement reporting going forward, instead focusing on Essentials. We also have a long development runway of $26 billion, much of which comes from our international opportunity set, positioning us for continued strong value creation well into the future. Lastly, these differentiators are all underpinned by the lowest cost of capital among REITs and unmatched scale that minimizes operating costs. In closing, while 2021 was a year of many records, the bulk of the benefit from the current environment will be realized in the future, providing a clear, tangible runway for sector leading growth for many years to come. We are confident our best years are still ahead of us. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
John Kim: Thank you. I wanted to ask if you could provide some color on the yields on development starts, which compressed 50 basis points sequential this quarter. I'm pretty sure this does not include the uplifting market rental growth of 10% you're expecting this year, but I just wanted to double check that the case. But also was wondering how you view development yields and cap rates trending this year in the rising rate environment.
Thomas Olinger: Yeah. So, the answer to your question is yes. We have not included the forecasted rent. So, we underwrite based on what we see currently. So, we're -- in this environment we're seeing returns compress. You should expect to see some compression in the development yield. Now mix also has a lot to do that -- with that. And that's something we can check out and maybe get back to you guys in the call down. In terms of cap of trends, I don't think you want to pay any attention to our forecast since we've been consistently wrong for the last five years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Emmanuel Korchman with Citi. Your line is open.
Emmanuel Korchman: Hey, good morning. In terms of your ramping start guidance and commentary from lots of other competitors in the logistic space, when should people start worrying about the amount of supply coming? And maybe an easy way to answer that is how much of your starts are preleased, or do you expect to get preleased over the next couple months and sort of a switch that supply issue?
Thomas Olinger: Well, I'll start then Chris will have some data for you too, Manny. I think every year we've all forecasted the supply exceeding demand and we yet have to see that happen after the global financial crisis. It will happen in some year. I just don't know whether it's this coming year or some other year, but I've never seen 70% preleasing in 40 years of doing this in the development portfolio. And also, the interest in built-to-suits, I think is a pretty good indication that the product just isn't there. And I'm willing to bet this is a counterfactual, but I'm willing to bet if there were more supply, there would be more absorption of more demand. People simply cannot get the space that they need. But I think it will be several years. And the other thing you need to pay attention to is that overall supply numbers are interesting, but our portfolio is very differentiated in terms of the markets -- high barrier markets that our portfolio lives in. And let's not forget about overseas, because the dynamic overseas in terms of supply are very different than they are in the U.S. So, I think it's a complicated soup. I'm not trying to avoid your answer, but that's not on the first page of my worry list. It will be at some point, but it's not this year and I don't think it's going to be next year, Chris?
Chris Caton: Yeah. Sure, Manny. So, the numbers for this year look very strong market environment, 375 to 400 million square feet of both delivery and net absorption in our 30 markets. That'll leave the market vacancy rate at an ultra low all-time record 3.4%, 3.5% vacancy. So, very low. Now this is especially true in our U.S. global markets where we have an overweight strategy. In those markets the under construction pipeline is just 3% of stock and is 70% preleased. 2021 net absorption, so demand was 14% higher than that under construction pipeline. Now by comparison, our regional markets have 4.8% of their markets under construction. So, our global markets are 180 basis points better. 2021 demand that net absorption was 12% below this under construction pipeline in the regional markets. So, our global markets are 25% better.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Feldman with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: Great. Thanks for that color. Just -- as you think about when supply chain -- well, first -- the first question, where are we, or how much longer before you think supply chains, do you start to smooth out, but I guess even more importantly, because that's probably impossible to take a date. What is warehouse demand look like when supply chains too smooth out? So, of the type of demand that Tom outlined, the different categories of demand, when supply chains smooth out how much of that goes away?
Hamid Moghadam: Okay. I think Tom answered your second question, but let me take another stab at it. We know this is a fact, it's not opinion that supply -- that inventory levels -- in terms of inventory to sales ratios are 10 points below what they were prior to the pandemic. And the reason for that is that people are sitting at home and the goods economy has been on fire and people are buying a lot of stuff and not spending as much money on experience, et cetera. So that dynamic will change. But regardless, that 10% will have to snap back to a normal level. And that's a source for demand. In addition to that, as we outlined in a paper that we put at almost the year and a half ago now, we believe there is -- at that time, we thought 5% to 10%; today, we would say 10% to 15% more demand. In other words, higher inventory to sales ratio than normal or pre-pandemic, because of the need for resilience. And where -- where's that number come from, it come from all the customers that we talk to every day. So, between where we are now and where we think we're going to end up being, there is a 20% to 25% swing in inventories. That is huge. And it is not driven by the fact that there's a bunch of inventories sitting around, certainly not in the U.S. and maybe sitting around in some plant somewhere, but in the U.S., there's no inventory around for it to go away. That's the problem. And that's what's creating the supply chain problem. Now there were a lot of people smarter than me who predicted that the supply chain problems will be -- would've been over by Christmas or after Christmas. That is not the case. All they're doing is they're parking the ships further into the Pacific so that the visual is not as concerning, if you will, as it would've been, too many 60 minute stories on that, that concern the politicians, but that's not the only indication of a supply chain problem. I mean, you could have a product that has 50 different parts going into it. And until the last part gets there, you can't ship that product. So that's a supply chain problem. The fact that you can't get trackers to pick up the goods from ports or transport them from point A to point B, that's a supply chain problem. I think all of those things are going to take multiple years to result themselves. So, I think we're going to be in this mode for a while.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Mailman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Craig Mailman: Hey, everyone. Tom, I kind of want to go back to your commentary. You guys traditionally had said 8% to 9% FFO growth, X promotes. The CAGR since the Investor Day has been 13%. And I believe you guys are already kind of at 10% with initial guidance here. I mean, in this part of the cycle where market rent growth continues to be underestimated, your mark-to-market grows, you're unleashing a little bit of the balance sheet with higher leverage here in that $2.5 million of uses here, kind of how should we think about maybe this point in the cycle trend till we get an inflection and how long could that last?
Thomas Olinger: Hey, Craig. So, I think you're asking what's 8% to 9% -- if it was 8% to 9% back in 2019, has that changed today? And yes, it's changed. And I think for several reasons. And it gets back to the differentiators I talked about in my script, but I'll start with same-store. My memory is that the same-store embedded in that Investor Day was 3.5% to 4.5%. And that had 
Hamid Moghadam: It was actually 3% growth on top of 3% growth in market rent, up at the mark-to-market that existed there. And I don't remember what that was. It was in the teen certain.
Thomas Olinger: Yeah. Under the -- our new methodology, I think that we were about 18%, give or take. Today we're at 36%, so almost double. Right? So, you can think about that ratchet -- that in-place to market alone is going to ratchet up our same-store growth by more than 100 basis points, up to 150 basis points. So, you can think about that level of same-store for several years, because that 36% in-place to market growth is an average. So think about what it's going to be over the next year or two, should be higher, right? Because you're going to be rolling leases higher. And that 36% is not stopping. If you look at our guidance, right, for rent growth for the year and rent change, I would expect to see that in-place to market build by the time we get to 2020 -- and then 2022, it's going to -- I think it's going to cross the 40% mark. So that same-store is going to continue to grow and it's going -- it's not a one or two-year story. It's two, three, four, five-year story. And again, that's what market rents not growing the 36%, that's number one. Second would be think about our Strategic Capital business, how we are scaling in that business, how our fees are growing without promotes, right? We saw asset values increase 39% overall for the year. Well guess what? That increases asset values in our funds and our asset management fees increase as well. So, that business is continuing to scale and contribute. And then when you look at our Essentials business, we expect -- we talked that Investor Day about that business, adding 50 basis points of growth, kind of $0.02. I think we're going to be well ahead of that. So, I could go on with differentiators, but, that 8% to 9%, the new normal is I think what you're staring down with our core results this year.
Hamid Moghadam: Craig, let me add two things to what Tom said, all of which I agree with. Number one, you actually got our same-store right, better than most people including us. So, congratulations on that -- on that for the past. But going forward, look, the market is really good and all kinds of different portfolios, regardless of their strategies will do well in an environment where rents are going up and cap rates are compressing. But we are thinking way beyond that. I mean, Tom mentioned Essentials, we have significant expectations for that business. Look at our labor, CWI business, that is becoming -- we did it as a service to customers, but it's quickly turning into a potential profit center. We have now put together a group to invest in the EV charging. And we have actually committed to our first project in Southern California for EV charging on trucks. The ROIs on that business are off the charts. So, we're not -- and by the way, I could go on for another 20 minutes talking about the stuff that's in the pipeline. So, we're not sitting and just praying for the real estate aspects of our business. The most valuable aspect of our business is the billion square feet of customers that we serve that are in need of lots of other things. So, we're really excited about the long-term prospects. We didn't have that in 2019. Those things were glimmer in our eye. Now they're real businesses producing real bottom line. So, that's why I'm pretty optimistic about the future going forward.  And remember all of that is being done with sub 20% leverage. And external growth, yeah, we have more external growth than anybody, but in relation to the size of our portfolio, external growth is almost an afterthought. We don't need to depend on that. I'd say in my opinion, lower quality source of growth because you're just arbitraging external capital to the internal cost capital. Ours is organic. So, really, really not only feel good about the level of growth on forward, but also the quality of that growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Ron Kamdem, your line is open.
Ronald Kamdem: Yeah. Thanks so much for the time. Congrats on the quarter. Just thinking about the same-store NOI guidance for 2022, any more color on maybe the U.S. versus Europe? And maybe can you compare and contrast, how you expect sort of growth for next year in the two regions? Thanks.
Thomas Olinger: Yeah. I'll throw in some thoughts on rent growth. Rent growth in Europe is catching up to the U.S. And we've seen this play out in the past. And frankly it's catching up slower than we expected, because vacancy rates across Europe haven't been lower than the U.S., but that's taking place now. And I think we and Chris ought to pile in here. This year we'll see European rent growth that I think will exceed that U.S.
Chris Caton: Indeed, the vacancy rates are lower and the rent growth is accelerating. So, it's an interesting point in time in the European markets.
Operator: Your next question is from Jon Petersen with Jeffries. Your line is open.
Jonathon Petersen: Thank you. Just wanted to ask an accounting question. On the promote income, is that considered reincome or is that in the taxable REIT subsidiary? And if it is reincome, is that going to necessitate a large for a potentially a special dividend this year, just given the size of the promotes?
Thomas Olinger: The vast majority of it does come into the REIT itself versus the taxable REIT subsidiary. When you think just about dividends, as we've talked about in the past, we are -- we have extremely low payout ratio, 60%-ish is what we've been averaging and similar to what I would expect for 2022. And we're paying out the minimum required. So, you should think about our dividend having to grow in line with our underlying earnings. So, when you see earnings growing at 22%, those promotes our landing in the op in our REIT and needs to be reflected in our dividend accordingly.
Operator: Your next question is from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. In terms of the guidance for this year on Strategic Capital and the promotes, Tom, can you just give us to feel for what level of asset value appreciation is assumed for the funds this year?
Thomas Olinger: Sure, Nick. So, what -- I'll preface it by, there are several factors that go into the promote, not just real estate valuation, there's FX considerations because it's a euro denominated fund, but that fund also has functional currencies, not in euro, British pound, for example, right? So, there's FX activity going on functional and transactional -- transitional. Second would be there's depth mark-to-market in there. So, longwinded way of saying that there are a lot of factors that, that impact it. From a evaluation standpoint, we think there's some modest, mid single digit valuation increase embedded in there. We're taking our best shot at where it's going to land. A lot of variables can impact it. And we're going to update you accordingly as those move around, particularly given how this -- how -- once you -- once the promote exceeds that top hurdle, you can have a lot of variability in either direction, just depending on how things go. So, funds -- based on third-party appraisals, they're going to be what they're going to be. Interest rates are going to be what they're going to be. FX rates are going to be what they're going to be. We've taken their best shot at estimating those impacts. And we'll keep you posted.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. The other thing I would add to that is that we're not assuming cap rate compression. And based on today's values I would say there's appraisal lag built into some of these valuations because the appraisers have a hard time keeping up with comps. Even today the market's been so fast moving. So, I think there are a couple of layers of protection built in that. And obviously, as Tom explained, once you pass the waterfall, all of the additional values promotable. So, there's a lot of leverage on the upside and also on the downside. But if I were betting person, I would take the upside on that, not the downside.
Operator: Your next question is from Anthony Powell with Barclays. Your line is open.
Anthony Powell: Hi, good morning. I guess a follow-up on the remote question. Thanks for the color on 2020 repromotes. How should we look at this stream of income over the next few years? And should we be valuing promotes at a higher multiple historical given kind of the recurring -- increasing recurring nature and the growth of the valuation of the portfolio.
Hamid Moghadam: Let me take a stab at this. The issue with our promotes is this, we have two huge open-ended funds that are promotable and those are on three years promote cycle. So, 2022 and 2023, our big promote year is just like 2020 and -- sorry -- 2019 and 2020 were, except more so. So, the third year we have some small funds in that year. This year, for example, is that third year, which is relatively thin. We had -- this past year, we had UKLV in there. So, we have some smaller funds in there. Those funds over time will grow. So, this promote picture will become more even.  We've also gone through a modernization of our funds terms and given the investors the option of, uh, basically extending the promotable period to the lean years and also new capital coming in is going to have its promote tied to the year that the capital came in as opposed to a set year. So, over time, you're going to see these promotes smooth out. It will take some years for them to be perfectly smooth. So, the way I would think about it is, look at the promotes over a three-year cycle and average them. And I think the guidance that Tom talked about for this year 2022 is actually not a bad number as sort of thinking about roughly that average over a three-year period. And as to the valuation of that, look, you guys are -- you guys can do that better than us, but we're not getting anything for that. And we should get something. So, because the history is there, you can go back and look at it for 10 years under the new Prologis 11 years and assume something as a percentage of AUM. Historically, I've always used 25 basis points kind of in my head of promotable AUM with 60% of that going to the bottom line, because of our participation programs. So that's the way I think about it in a normalized year, but I think it's going to be much higher than that in this cycle.
Thomas Olinger: And you certainly seen our AUM grow and continue to grow. So, the underlying base at this point is growing rapidly as well.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Blaine Heck: Great. Thanks. Wanted to touch on acquisitions quickly. It looks like you guys came in like this quarter relative to guidance, and I know acquisitions are certainly tougher to forecast than what you're going to be able to do on the development side, or even on the disposition side. But wanted to get your thoughts on the acquisition market in general, whether the shortfall this quarter was driven by pricing or anything else specifically? And then any broader commentary regarding your level of interest, especially in large acquisitions in 2022, would be very helpful. Thanks.
Thomas Olinger: Yeah. There was nothing in the quarterly results as indicative of more or less interest. And as you see quarter-to-quarter, these numbers move around quite a bit. We are always in the market. We look at all the deals, big small portfolios, et cetera. And prices have been moving up. Obviously, there are competitive situations, but I think we're disciplined like we always have been with acquisitions. But we got great teams and we're on every deal.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: Yeah. Thanks. Can you provide some color on your underwritten development margins? It looks like the margins in the 4Q 2021 and 2021 starts is below in-place pipeline and the recent lease stabilize the assets. There's something there that's driving those lower, or is it just conservative estimates?
Hamid Moghadam: Well, our margins on start have historically always been projected to be lower than our actual margins with completion. Because we don't count on things like super rent growth. And as we talked about earlier or cap rate compression or all those other things that have happened and obviously over time, we're using up the cheapest land and buying more and more of our land at margin. So -- and the kind of margins we've had in the last couple of years have been just an unprecedented. So, over time you should expect those kinds of margins to glide to a more normalized level as the cap rate compression slows down and rental growth eventually will slow down, can't keep going at 20% a year. So that is not at all unusual. There's nothing specific going on that other than mix where in some years we're developing more here and there and there are different, and our land bank has different ages in different jurisdictions. So, mix has a lot -- has a little bit to do with it, but the general trend has been much higher than cross cycle kind of margin that we would expect to see.
Operator: Your next question is from Dave Rodgers with Baird. Your line is open.
David Rodgers: Yeah. Hi, everyone. Wanted to ask about just kind of labor in general, obviously from a broader economic standpoint, big issue for everyone. What are you hearing from your customers in terms of the rebuild of inventory may be related to labor, how long that might take and whether labor's getting better or worse for them and how that might be impacting any real estate decisions if at all?
Hamid Moghadam: Labor is getting worse. Labor has been getting worse actually for 10 years, and the pandemic only just made it worse faster. I think that is forcing our customers into deploying more automation, because they have to get their work done. That requires a lot of capital that many of our customers don't have. So that's a business opportunity for Prologis is to invest in innovation and robotics and all kinds of other automation issues that help with the labor problem. Also CWI is a major step that we've taken in that regard. But I will tell you this, that more of that technology is deployed in our buildings, the stickier the tenants become, and probably they -- the term of the lease will increase and turnover costs will go down. So, I think it's good for us long-term, but I don't think this labor problem is going to get solved. And it's particularly acute in the U.S. It exists in other parts of the world, but it's particularly acute in the U.S. And there lots of theories as the reasons for it, but I'm not smart enough to know which ones make sense and which ones don't.
Operator: Your next question is from Tom Catherwood with BTIG. Your line is open.
Tom Catherwood: Thank you and good morning, everybody. Tom, going back to something you mentioned your opening remark. You were talking about the $26 billion build out potential in your land bank. And you mentioned that it's underpinned by an international opportunity. Set developments obviously jumped in 2021, but they seem to be weighted more towards the U.S. than they were in 2019 and 2020. Is the expectation that Europe could account for a larger percent of the 2022 starts, or is the opportunity set you were talking about kind of in other geographies?
Thomas Olinger: Yeah. So, if you look at the composition of the land bank, our option land and covered land place, so this is almost 200 million square feet of build out opportunity. It's about two-thirds in the Americas and a third outside of the Americas. So that's the balance. And the pace at which the cadence at which we take it down, it'll be opportunity driven.
Hamid Moghadam: The other thing I would say is that if you look at our 20-year track record of development profits, actually two-thirds have come from overseas and a third from the U.S. And again, that's a differentiator for Prologis where we just have a bigger plank bill and to make money.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street. Your line is open.
Vince Tibone: Hi, good morning. I want to follow-up on the lease mark-to-market. Could you share the estimated mark-to-market on a cash basis and also share the typical annual escalators you are getting on leases today?
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. On the cash in-place to mark today is right around 30%. And from an escalator standpoint, I think what we're seeing today with escalators would clearly be in the threes, and in certain markets it's in the fours and potentially even higher. So, I would tell you there, when we think about all this escalators are certainly important. But at the end of the day, our teams are trying to drive the highest cash flows at the Canada lease. Bumps are a part of that. Starting rents a part of that. TIs are a part of that, right? It all goes into the mix. And so, while it's important to look at bumps, it's not necessarily the sole determinate of the economics. You're driving out of leases.
Thomas Olinger: We are NPV investors on leasing. And the profile of it is -- usually our flexibility to deal with the tenants preferences actually allows us to extract the higher NPV.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Mike Mueller with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Michael Mueller: Yeah. Hi. What are -- is there a big difference today in terms of the margins you're expecting on build-to-suits versus spec developments?
Thomas Olinger: Mike, I'd say there's no greater difference than there always have been. And you underwrite these at 15 to 20 on spec and roughly 10% on build-to-suit and those numbers are move around a little bit based on risk. But if you're asking about the differentiation between the two, things really haven't changed. Obviously, the outcomes have changed, because the margins are much, much higher.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Yeah. Thanks. I had just a question on development costs. What sort of inflation trends are you seeing kind of starting this year? How did that compare to 2021 and what sort of bottlenecks or issues are you seeing kind of in your own supply chain getting all the stuff you need to build everything you want to build this year?
Thomas Olinger: Yeah, Steve. So in the U.S. in 2021, there were total shell construction cost increases of about 31% and that's on a market wide basis. We were able to mitigate about 7% of that increase or seven percentage points of the increase. So, our net increase that we absorbed last year was 24%. So, we feel like most of that is a competitive advantage against our competitors. And there's a lot behind this in terms of what do we see for this year? Tough to see say how that plays out, but our teams are considering a 10% to 12% additional shell construction increase for 2022.
Hamid Moghadam: By the way, then let me tie that to some of the earlier questions. When you getting this kind of escalation on replacement costs, and by the way, I would say land prices have gone up even at a higher rate that, it's nice to own already a billion square feet of this kind of real estate. So, particularly all -- the other people trying to get into the same business driving down cap rates at the same time that replacement cost rents are going up is a nice place to be. That is not brilliance. That's just dumb luck.
Operator: Your next question is from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, there. I guess just considering your expectations for 2022 and the guidance you've laid out, can you give any details on what portion is already known? Like for example, lease has signed in 2021 that will commence in 2022, you already know that timing and rate, but for the parts that you don't already know, like lease commencements in the second half or pace of development stabilization, what sort of assumptions are you making? Is it that the strength of 2021 stays the same, improves further or slows and kind of what's driving that?
Thomas Olinger: I would say Caitlin, there are very few things that haven't happened already in that will affect 2022 one way or another, because even if we get it wrong on rental change on one side or together, we put away so many of our rollovers already in for 2022, that there isn't that much opportunity on the margin to put of effect that in a big way. So, there's 6% leasing basically remaining to be done. And that's going to happen on average in the middle of the year. So that's really 3% of our 97%. It's just not going to move the numbers around that much. And obviously development stabilizations and all that are more a future year type of thing again, they occur during the year. So, I would say our, our volatility in the short term, meaning this year is going to be relatively modest. And you can take that answer to the bank pretty much any year at this time.
Hamid Moghadam: And then I'd go back just to the in-place to market that $1.2 billion of NOI that's we will capture with no market rent growth, that gives you a high level of certainty regarding the same-store growth going forward. So, the things you need to think about is, if rent growth outperforms in 2022, that's going to take that $1.2 billion rep. I mentioned, I think that 36% in-place to market today is going to cross 40% by the time we get to the end of the year, it's that sort of predictability I believe that underpins our confidence why our growth will be -- continue to be sector leading for many years to come.
Operator: Your next question is from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Derek Johnston: Hi, everyone. Thank you. Are rising rents and revenue growth still handling outpacing the supply chain and efficiencies, inflation, and really overall expense growth? How do you view rents versus expenses, linked expenses playing out in 2022?
Thomas Olinger: I'm not sure I understand the question completely. Expenses are obviously going up as well, but they're going up more sort of in line with general inflation and real estate rent inflation in logistics has been certainly higher in that if you want to describe it as inflation. The other thing is that in terms of overall logistic costs, rents even with their recent escalation are 3%, 4% of the total picture. So, cost of drivers, cost of fuel, cost of transportation, all of those things are much bigger factors in terms of our customer's cost structure. So, there is not as much sensitivity to the real estate cost. If there's a commensurate increase in productivity that comes along with that, I think that's what you asked, but we'll give you an opportunity to clarify here if that's not what you asked.
Derek Johnston: Thank you.
Thomas Olinger: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Emmanuel Korchman with Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, good morning. This is Michael Bilerman. Hamid, I want to come back to -- you gave an answer where you said you're not going to predict cap rate trends, because you've been consistently wrong for the last five years. And I want to sort of dive into sort of the components that made you wrong over the last five years. I get rents of not dramatically and NOI is so important as numerator , but denominator the cap rate really does impact your capital allocation decisions, what to buy, what to sell, what to develop, how you raise capital on the balance sheet and all those sort of inputs. So, I guess, how are you thinking about it going forward? You must have a view. And so I'm just trying to understand maybe some of the components that made you wrong over the last five years and how that informs your decision going forward.
Hamid Moghadam: Look, we've taken our best shot and we do have a view on these things. After all we'll give you guidance and we've done that for 25 years. So, we do have a view. And our views always been -- not always, but in the last 10 years, as far as I remember, is that most of us in this room sort of grew up in the 80s and 90s and caps rates were 9% and 10% for logistics in those days. So as the cap rates have marched down in the last 20 years to where they are today, I don't know, 3% to 4%, we are anchored in the past. So it always feels like it's a little expensive and all that. But there are a couple things that have changed. Logistics have -- first of all, generally interest rates and all that have driven capital market returns down for everything, stocks, bonds, everything, including real estate. But I think there has been a better appreciation of logistics, real estate as an asset class that has caused logistic cap rates to compress further than maybe some other property tax that have compressed less or in more recent years gone the other way. I don't see anything stopping that part of it. So your gets as good as mine and with respect to long-term interest rates and their direction. But I can tell you the weight of the money is accelerating. It's not slowing down. The other thing is that I think if you are uncertain about the inflation outlook, which is what a lot of the discussion is, is it inflation? Is it supply chain? Is it short-term? Is it long-term? Not a bad thing to own modestly leveraged real estate in an asset class that's in equilibrium -- actually better than equilibrium, couple hundred basis points to either than equilibrium, when you have replacement costs that give you that buffer. So, we have the buffer of the mark-to-market in the 30% range that Tom talked about, but we also have the buffer of replacement costs going up, which Gene talked about. That's just the future buffer that we started talking about yet. So, I think rental score -- I have been consistently in our company low on rental projections, but higher than all my colleagues, low compared to what actually happened, but higher than all my colleagues. And I expect that to continue you for some time, but I think it's imprudent in a year where you've had this kind of spectacular rental growth to go out there and project 10 more years of that. I mean -- and so we run our business assuming more modest, sort of more closer to trend-line type of dynamics. And if it works out better than that, we report it to you every quarter. So we try to get it as close to the pin and as the pin moves, we'll move. So, I don't know if that's an answer to your question or not. One other thing I would tell you and I think you were the -- is this the last question? Yeah, you were the last question. So, maybe this is a wrap up. Look, as you think about our company, it's really important to get cap rates, right? Really important at least in the long term to get rental growth and all those things, right? And we will out compete on those basis all day long, but this company is increasingly become -- becoming a multiple product line cash flow generating type of business. Tom mentioned a billion dollars coming out of our private capital franchise with essentially no capital because our capital is our co-investment, which is in the rent business. So, the Essentials business, we sort of gloss over it, but it's a $75 million year business. Now it can be $1 billion business, the EV business can be $1 billion business. I'm not saying that it is, or whether it's going to happen in two years, but increasingly we're building these cash flows on top of the base real estate business because eventually the real estate business will slow down, but the ability to do business with those customers that use our real estate, I think is a runway for us for multiple decades. So, that's what's really exciting about where we are today.
Hamid Moghadam: Thank you for your interest in our company. And we look forward to talking to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-15 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Prologis Quarter Three 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Tracy Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tracy Ward: Thanks, Sarah, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. Id like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as managements beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filings. Additionally, our third quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg G we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. This morning, we will hear from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results, real-time market conditions and guidance. And also here with me today are Hamid Moghadam; Gary Anderson; Chris Caton; Tim Arndt; Mike Curless; Dan Letter; Ed Nekritz; Gene Reilly; and Karsten Kallevig. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom. And Tom, will you please begin?
Tom Olinger: Thanks, Tracy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our call today. Third quarter results exceeded expectations and were underpinned by record increases in market rents and valuations. Operating conditions are being shaped by structural forces that continued to drive demand. At the same time, vacancies are at unprecedented lows, space in our markets is effectively sold out. In the last 90 days, supply chain dislocations have become even more pronounced, with customers acting with a sense of urgency to secure the space they need. As demand surges, having the right logistics real estate in the right locations has never been more mission critical to our customers. During the third quarter, we signed 56 million square feet of leases and issued proposals on 84 million square feet. Spaces above 100,000 square feet are effectively fully leased. Our Last Touch segment continued to gain momentum, with new lease signings growing by 44%. E-commerce requirements continued to broaden across a range of industries, with this segment representing one quarter of new lease signings. The activity was down sequentially as anticipated, although remains above trend. Given the sharp ramp up in demand, we are raising our 2021 U.S. forecasts for net absorption by 14% to a record 375 million square feet against deliveries of 285 million square feet, resulting in year-end vacancy reaching a new low of 4%. I want to point out that we revised our data set here this quarter to reflect only Prologis markets. As strong demand is being met with historic low vacancy, preleasing in the U.S. delivery pipeline has reached 70%, its highest level ever as customers continued to compete for space. Acute scarcity in our global markets is driving record rent and value growth. In the third quarter alone, rents grew 7.1% in our U.S. markets far exceeding our expectations. We are increasing our 2021 market rent forecast significantly to an all-time high of 19% in the U.S. and 17% globally, both up approximately 700 basis points. Our in-place to market rent spreads jumped 500 basis points in the quarter and is now approximately 22% with an upward bias. This current rent spread represents embedded organic NOI growth of more than $925 million, or $1.25 per share. Record rent growth is translating to record valuation increases. Our logistics portfolio posted the largest quarterly increase in our history, rising 9.5% globally, bringing the year-to-date increase to an impressive 4% -- an impressive 24%, sorry about that. We expect that the ongoing network reconfiguration and expansion required to meet consumer needs and minimize disruptions will fuel demand tailwinds over the next decade. Switching gears to results for the quarter, core FFO was $1.04 per share with net promote earnings of $0.01. Rent change on rollover was strong at 27.9%, slightly lower sequentially due to mix. Average occupancy was 96.6%, up 60 basis points sequentially and we reached 98% leased at quarter-end. Cash same-store NOI growth accelerated to 6.7%, up 90 basis points sequentially. We had a very productive quarter on the deployment front. Margins on development stabilizations remain elevated coming in at 47%. Our development starts were $1.4 billion consisting of 31 projects across 21 markets, with estimated value creation of more than $520 million. Turning to strategic capital, our team raised almost $500 million in the third quarter and $2.5 billion year-to-date. Equity queues for open ended vehicles were $3.4 billion at quarter-end, another all-time high. Moving to guidance for 2021. Our outlook has further improved and here are the key updates on our share basis. Were tightening and increasing our cash same-store NOI growth to now range between 5.75% and 6%. Were increasing the midpoint for strategic capital revenue, excluding promotes by $12.5 million and now ranged between $480 million and $485 million. We expect net promote income of $0.05 per share for the year, an increase of $0.03 from our prior guidance. In response to strong demand, we are increasing development starts by $450 million to a new midpoint of $3.7 billion. Our owned and managed land portfolio now supports 180 million square feet and more than $21 billion of future build out potential, providing a clear runway for significant value creation over the next several years. Were also increasing the mid-point for acquisitions by $500 million. The increased pace of acquisitions relates to our focus on covered land plays and urban Last Touch opportunities. We now expect net deployment uses of $650 million at the midpoint. Taking these assumptions into account, we are increasing our core FFO midpoint by $0.06 and narrowing the range to $4.11 per share to $4.13 per share. Core FFO, excluding promotes, will range between $4.06 per share and $4.08 per share, representing year-over-year growth at the midpoint of almost 14%, while deleveraging by more than 300 basis points. We expect to generate $1.4 billion in free cash flow after dividends with a very conservative payout ratio below 60% range. While our year-to-date results have been extraordinary, most of the benefits from the current environment will accrue to the future. Our 22% in-place to market rent spread, the valuation impact on promotes, our leverage capacity, the $21 billion of development build out, and most importantly, the vast opportunity set that our global footprint provides, all paved the way for both significant and durable long-term growth. As I mentioned at the outset of my remarks, the disruptions within the supply chain wont be solved overnight. Prologis plays a unique role in the industry and were committed to helping find long-term solutions. Thats why were working closely with our customers, policymakers and community partners to help address the problems, which will range from warehouse space to transport infrastructure to labor scarcity. In closing, I want to highlight two important upcoming Prologis events. First, this Monday, we will be hosting a webinar that we will dive into our development and strategic capital businesses. And second, on October 27th, were bringing together supply chain and community thought leaders to focus on some of the most pressing issues in logistics today, including workforce, energy and transportation. Please visit our website for more information and the registration links for both events. And with that, I will turn it back to Sarah for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Maybe just the earnings release mentioned that your investment capacity is around $15 billion. Do you think Prologis will actually be able to deploy capital and use that opportunity, and if so, how or do you think that spread could actually increase as cash flow increases?
Gene Reilly: Caitlin, its Gene. We really never provide guidance at least voluntarily on deployment, because as Ive said many times, it can range between zero and a lot, last year it was $21 billion. So I dont know honestly. It just depends on the returns that are available. And the only reason we talk about capacity is that you sort of have a feel for what we can do with the right opportunities came about. But there is no urgency around investing in a particular timeframe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Emmanuel Korchman from Citi. Your line is open.
Emmanuel Korchman: Hey, everyone. Good morning. Tom, I kind of wanted to reconcile a point you made earlier in your script, which was that, customers are keenly focused on getting more space and were reading a lot of headlines on shortages of inventory, of labor, of other things. I guess help me reconcile the two points with customers looking for space that maybe they cant fill right away or are they just expecting their supply pipeline to rebound quickly, or are they moving stuff from other warehouses or sort of, I guess, its a little bit counterintuitive for somebody be taking more space when product is sort of an issue right now? Sorry for long question. Thank you.
Tom Olinger: Yeah. Manny, let me try to answer that question. The supply chain is very long and its gotten longer in the last 10 years. So basically, what happened is, think of it as a big long hose and somebody turned off the water and the hose ran dry and as the economies came back, that hose got opened and production started and is now flowing through the supply chain. So it is not flowing smoothly and the old models for predicting demand and carrying inventory are basically thrown out the window. So inventory particularly, mid-product inventory, not finished product inventory sort of ends up piling up in different places, because if theres one part missing into something, its going to hold up the inventory. The other 99 parts have to be stored somewhere. So its creating a pretty significant extra demand just to balance out the system given that the buffers are not predictable anymore. So the natural follow-up question from that, I would guess, would be, well, do you guys think about this being a one-time event or a sustainable event? And I would say, this particular factor is likely to be a temporary. Although, probably two-year or three-year type of process before everything straightens out. But right behind that are the two big structural drivers that on top of normal absorption. They include increased share of e-commerce and inventory levels being higher than prior to the pandemic and those two things people arent even thinking about right now, because theyre struggling to keep their heads above water. So I think the short-term thing is really interesting. Its great for headlines and all that. But I think the much more interesting factor in terms of assessing the quality of our business is their long-term driver -- are the two long-term drivers of demand on top of the normal drivers of demand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Catherwood from BTIG. Your line is open.
Tom Catherwood: Great. Excellent. Thank you so much, guys. Quick question on cap rates. Weve seen incredible compression this year, and unlike prior years, its really seemed to be across the Board. Does that create any risk in certain markets or regions where fundamentals of demand may not meet kind of the lofty valuation expectations we now have?
Tom Olinger: Boy, thats a tough question to answer. I will give you mine and Gene, I am sure will have ideas about this. First of all, were notoriously bad at predicting cap rates. Weve been saying for about five years that theyre too low, only to watch them go lower. But remember, cap rates are a function of two things. One is general returns available in other capital markets, namely interest rates or risk-free rates. And more recently, this rent growth and the growth growing power of that initial yield is orders of magnitude higher than its ever been. So I am not smart enough to parse why cap rates are compressing. I suspect it has more to do with the embedded growth rate in the last six months than it does with interest rates picture. In fact, the interest rate picture if anything has increased, but the tremendous growth in rents, I think, has way exceeded the drag from slightly higher interest rates. Gene, what do you think?
Gene Reilly: Yeah. I think you may be getting to the spread between primary and secondary markets and that actually hasnt tightened up that much. It has tightened up a little bit. But spot cap rates in primary markets are extremely low. So I think theres always risk as cap rates in secondary or even tertiary markets are dragged down by the overall strength of the market, because youre going to see more supply in those markets going forward against probably less demand. But we will see how it plays out. But I dont really think, of course, you may have a different point of view that those spreads have actually tightened that much further.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: Thank you. We get asked a lot about just the potential supply coming online with so much capital flowing into this sector. Can you talk a little bit about whether its a competitive mode or just kind of how Prologis will be able to kind of protect itself as supply grows or maybe thats the wrong way to think about it, just how should we think about the supply risks overall and its not so easy to build?
Tom Olinger: Yeah.
Hamid Moghadam: I think you should think of supply risk as very market-specific. And you can have all the desire to bring down supply in LA or San Francisco or Seattle or even Inland Empire in -- certainly Inland Empire West or New Jersey. I take all your good markets. If, I mean, how are you going to do it? There is no land and their entitlement picture is getting to be harder and harder every day. Even markets like Dallas that we historically would have discussed as or referred to as non-constraint in terms of land, believe it or not are getting more constrained. I still encounter [ph] constraint, but there are more constraints certainly in the good location. So I think that the big driver is that its just hard to come up with the land to build buildings on. I mean, supply is responding to demand. But I will -- my gut feel, and of course, you cant prove this one way or another is that demand would be higher, supply were higher. I think people are just based on the number of people competing for the same goods spaces and all the inbound calls we get from all our good customers wanting to gain an advantage over another good customer. It is -- people are kind of in a panic mode almost when it comes to buying or committing to real estate, so demand is just crazy.
Tom Olinger: So, Jamie, I will also add that its market-specific, its actually submarket-specific. And in terms of how do we protect ourselves, we do this all the time, whether its a strong market or a weak market, were always monitoring where is that supply going to come from. So I dont think we really change our protocols in that sense.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derek Johnston from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Derek Johnston: Thank you. Hi, everyone. In January, on 4Q 20s earning call, youre in-place to market rent registered at 12.8% and with that in-place to market now at 22% just nine months, 10 months later. What are the key drivers for this change and really how sustainable is this mark-to-market across the portfolio?
Tom Olinger: Yeah. I will take that. So I will anchor you back. Well, first of all, the increase is all driven to high market rent growth. And I think, as I mentioned in my remarks, were almost 22% today and there is an arrow up, just given a very minimal role in the fourth quarter and given our market rent growth expectations. So I would expect that 22% is going to go higher when were on this call in January. One thing I would anchor you back to is, at our Investor Day back in November of 2019 that in-place to market was 15.5% and that was underpinning, what we said, our GAAP same-store growth at that time was a 3.5% to 4.5%. Now here we are today at 22% and when you think about that increase that really takes a 3.5% to 4.5% to almost 4.5% to 5.5%. So thats the impact weve really extended. Here we are almost two years later and its up dramatically and our runway has arguably gotten even longer. So the underpinning of the organic growth potential that we have is sitting right there for you to see.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. The only thing I would add to Toms comment is actually land prices in most markets are going up faster than rents and construction costs are going up faster than rents. So actually the rent required for that marginal square foot of supply is ahead of that 22%. So thats why the arrow is up. Its just -- were running but sort of standing still or going a little backwards with respect to keeping pace with replacement costs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from Truist. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks and good morning out there. So I want to talk about your development pipeline. Its obviously grown very nicely to a $5 billion. Can you remind us for the hard costs, like how much of the costs are hedged or at least the material security options? And as those expire and the favorable vintage of those hedges expire, what kind of impacts that has to your future development in terms of margins or yields?
Tom Olinger: So, Ki Bin, we think weve contained about 25% of the cost increases weve seen to-date. So in the -- in our pipeline in terms of the starts going forward, theres probably 4% sitting there thats beyond the underwriting of those projects. Most of that is going to be picked up on contingency. But as we look forward, we dont really see risk. I am not going to get into the details of what weve done with pre-buying steel and other components and on the -- on these projects. But I think weve mitigated quite a bit so far. We do see these markets kind of stabilizing at this point in time. And the other thing that weve done, which is really critical is, weve maintained our schedules and I think today, I think, weve picked up 30 days of schedule versus the market. And frankly, we built these buildings faster than the market anyway, but thats an incremental 30 days. So the supply chain disruptions arent just cost, theyre their schedule. So I think youre -- I mean, ultimately, youre getting to how much have we sort of mitigated. Ive told you what weve done so far. Were probably out, probably, six months ahead of the curve, but you cant really get much further than that. So I feel really good about what weve done this year and I feel like were prepared really well going forward. So we feel good about the outlook, and obviously, were raising guidance and our volumes.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. I think more importantly than hedging construction costs is a fact that rents are going up faster than some of these costs and if you take an overall average and certainly in the best markets. So thats why margins are expanding with cap rates being also compressing. So far so good. Will it continue forever? Probably not.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey. Congrats on the quarter. Just a quick one on just retention shooting up 650 basis points year-over-year, any color what drove that kind of specific geographic, just curious there? Thanks.
Tom Olinger: Nothing unusual about mix or geography, but as we said, customers dont have options, really a lot of places to go and I think theres a race to secure really good well-located real estate and thats what were seeing.
Hamid Moghadam: That number can be very volatile quarter-to-quarter. Honestly, I wouldnt pay too much attention to it quarter-to-quarter [ph].
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kim from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
John Kim: Good morning. I was wondering if you can comment on how you see occupancy trending with your leased now at 90%, but youre also pushing rents harder and also if you can comment on the big sequential increase in occupancy in Asia during the quarter?
Hamid Moghadam: Our occupancies have to go higher. I mean if your demand is 300 and whatever 85 and supply is 285 million, there is 100 million feet thats going to come out of somewhere and add to that the obsolescence, the significant amount of product that its taken out of circulation, because people have built something else on it like apartments. I think for sure our vacancy rates at least in the markets we care about are going to be going down in the foreseeable future. In the long-term, we need to see. I dont expect 385 million square feet of demand being the new norm forever, because some of it is just people being desperate for putting their stuff somewhere. But I think it will stabilize at the higher level than historical, because of those two unique drivers that were seeing in this cycle that we didnt have in other cycles.
Tom Olinger: John, your question on Asia thats being driven by China, just weve seen some good -- very good lease of activity in China. Japan has remains extremely high occupied.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. The new team in China has done a really great job in leasing space.
Tom Olinger: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Craig Mailman: Hey, guys. Just curious on the rent growth piece of things you guys have talked a lot about today. But is there a chance in your negotiations, do you guys trying to push escalators higher as a way to combat potential inflation here in the near-term and just maybe smooth out some of the rent increases some of these times they have, the big sticker shock at the end of the lease?
Hamid Moghadam: Right. Well, there is a variety of rationale for that, but the escalators are moving up, were pushing them everywhere as you can imagine. But as importantly, the markets are accepting this and the competitive landscape is doing it, perhaps, partially for the reasons that you mentioned to smooth that effect with the customer. But of course, a lot of our customers get straight line at anyway. But I think its just the -- its our impression with overall net effective rent growth. So we feel pretty good about that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Yeah. Thanks. Most of my questions have been asked. But I just on the development increase. I am just wondering if you could maybe talk about regions, kind of where youre seeing the most demand and if you kind of thought about spec versus build-to-suits. I mean, given your commentary about customers, how do you sort of see that trending moving forward?
Tom Olinger: Yeah. So, Steve, I will take the first part of it. So we got about 100 projects were starting this year, so its really broad based and I wouldnt say that the increases are targeted to certain areas, because frankly, we have so much demand in all the markets. Were pulling forward project -- projects that we can number one, and number two, a lot of this increases build-to-suit activity. And maybe, Mike, can you comment on that?
Mike Curless: Yeah. Steve, so in the sub, 60% of our activity was build-to-suit. That will normalize end of the year in the mid-40%s. But Id remind you, thats going to be at a much larger base, which is representative of two basic things, theres fewer spec opportunities for people to move into and thats paired up with major structural rollouts that are well underway with a whole lot of companies over and above Amazon. So we see a bunch of diverse activity there and no surprise margins are as solid as theyve ever been reflective of how important entitle land sites are. And again, and the dearth of available space out there has put us in a really good spot on overseas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Dilts from UBS. Your line is open.
Brent Dilts: Hey, guys. So with the shortages of certain items in the supply chain, how is that impacting your procurement programs for tenants for things like forklifts, lightings, rack, et cetera? And also how are your tenants managing labor challenges against the backdrop for record demand?
Tom Olinger: Yeah. Certainly, theres delays in some of our essential projects as well, forklifts, racking, those sorts of things. So OEM manufacturers in those businesses are also struggling, so lead times are longer. But were using again our leverage and our scale, just as we do on the construction side of the business to procure them quicker than they otherwise would be able to. On the labor front, I dont know if you guys want to chat on that?
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. Clearly, labor is on the minds of lots of our customers and were seeing them getting creative on how theyre attracting labor and you see the commercials for a lot -- lots of companies on TV and what theyre doing there. Its also having them focus on more on automation and were seeing plenty of discussions about automation and automation these days is not the old version of it where its fixed, bespoke. Were seeing lots of flexibility out there in terms of robotic forklifts and autonomous forklifts and those types of things, which we think our buildings are very well-suited because the primary criteria for that is a good floor and we spent over 30 years making sure our floors are in really good shape. So we think were in real good shape to address automation, which I think will be a function of this labor issue going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Mike Mueller: Yeah. Hi. Tom, you previously talked about base case annual promote levels. How does that change for where cap rates have moved to today?
Tom Olinger: Yeah. As a reminder, we talked about, call it, seven sense of annual promotes if you, the net promote income, if you go back and you look at our historic performance. Clearly given where valuations have gone, I would expect 2022 promotes to be substantially above our historic run rate. Now clearly we will talk more about it in January, but directionally thats what you should expect.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. Promotes are pretty levered on the upside, because once you pass the pref return that incremental unit of return produces promote, whereas getting up to your pref rate youre not getting any promote. So for sure it will expand non-linearly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Powell from Barclays. Your line is open.
Anthony Powell: Hi. Good morning. A question about the building acquisition guidance that, the increase there talked about covered land space Last Touch, how competitive is the environment for acquisitions there and how are cap rates trending for those types of deals?
Tom Olinger: Its very competitive for the Last Touch. Theres no question. And cap rates are tough to talk about, because you have in-place rents, youre capping income thats literally all over the place. So I am not sure its that constructive to talk about the cap rates, but it is competitive. I think we have a strategic advantage in the markets we want to be in, because weve been doing this now for three years or four years. So I think we have scoped out the sub and sort of micro markets pretty effectively. But it is competitive and theres a ton of demand there and thats not going to change.
Hamid Moghadam: The yield on our covered land place, the entire portfolio cover land place, which is about a quarter of our total land base is about 5%, which means that were actually getting better yields on some of these covered land place and that some of it is historic and rents have gone up a lot. But 5% is pretty good. Youre getting paid to wait and thats the way to carry land. I mean the way to carry land is cover the land place and options, and really the own land thats just sitting around there thats the most expensive way of carrying land. So weve been on to this strategy for a long time and we have a good base of covered land place that are now sort of cycling through development. So a lot of our development in the next 12 months to 24 months is going to be building out on the covered land place. But the good news is were replenishing that inventory and then some as we chew through it.
Tom Olinger: Yeah. Just to add onto what Hamid said. So we have about 180 million feet of FAR build out on our land bank, option land and covered land place combined. So with the income flowing to the covered land place, we have about a 2% stabilized yield for the entire land bank, including all three components of it and after you pay taxes, youre still on the plus. So were kind of carrying this for free. And frankly, some of the -- some of those income profiles on the early covered land places are -- have a serious up arrow to them. So, another way to think about land exposure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: Yeah. Thanks. So could we see leasing activity or demand improved as the supply chain disruptions dissipate and inventory levels improve or are customers just looking through these problems right now and really trying to build their logistics network that they need over the next three years to five years?
Tom Olinger: I think theyre doing both, but I think most people are focused on just dealing with Christmas. I mean, literally they should be start thinking about the long-term and people are some of the larger and more sophisticated players are and those would be the targets of the world, home depots of the world, people like that. But there are lots of people just trying to survive the next three months or four months. So I think that crazy crunch will diminish over the next two years to three years, for sure. But I think then they will turn to the longer-term strategies and I think that one has legs for a long time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Rodgers from Baird. Your line is open.
Dave Rodgers: Yeah. Most of my questions have been answered, but I did want to just follow up on the labor point. Obviously, labor a big concern today, 400 million square feet of additional demand. Its kind of in the last four quarters alone. Are you seeing customers just making different decisions on locations, campus settings, whatever it might be related to kind of longer term labor concerns, notwithstanding kind of the technology, are you just seeing kind of imminent decisions that are changing due to labor?
Tom Olinger: People have to figure out where their customers are and their networks are based on where the customers are. And real estate and real estate costs are 3% to 5% of the total cost and by the way, that number hasnt gone on -- gone up, because of rents going up, because the other components labor, transportation and energy are also going up. So theyre not going to optimize around real estate costs. Theyre going to optimize around where their consumers are and where -- how long it takes to get them there, what they want and its mostly time not tasks. So theyre going to have to operate in the big markets. I mean youre not going to go in the middle of the square state in the middle of the country, because real estate rents are cheaper to service the desirable markets where a lot of the growth is started costing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico from Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. I just wanted to follow up on the leasing market and in particularly the 3PL market, which has been incredibly active year-to-date. Could you just talk a little bit more about the trends youre seeing there? I imagine weve heard anecdotes of like increasingly maybe Amazon using that market, because its easier to get space on a real time basis, any perspective would be very helpful? Thanks.
Mike Curless: Yeah. This is Mike. And 3PL activity was up 500 bps last quarter and weve seen this really play out over the last several years where 3PLs might have viewed space as a bit of a commodity many years ago. Today our view in is as an offensive weapon to help accommodate their customers and were seeing this play out in the form of them leasing more space and they have underlying customers lined up, because they need that space to attract the customers and we are seeing them go for a longer term leases, both of which are good signs of the health of this business and a whole lot of that is driven by the E-commerce segment, which continues to be very diversified way over and above just Amazon.
Tom Olinger: They are definitely committing space ahead of having customers, but theyre definitely filling up those spaces. This is not 1999 or 2000.com where people are going in hoping that their business will triple. They cant keep up. I mean literally thats the takeaway for all you guys. Can ask about in 15 different ways. But the market cannot keep up with -- the supply market cannot keep up with the demand thats out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blaine Heck from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Blaine Heck: Great. Thanks. I wanted to touch on acquisitions in general, not just specifically on the covered land plays as you touched on those earlier. You guys were able to do just under $400 million of your share during the quarter at a 5% cap rate and you increased guidance pretty significantly. Can you just talk about what caused that cap rate on deals during the quarter to be higher than weve seen in a while, is that just a mix issue or are you guys finding more opportunities to maybe acquire off-market? And then related to that, whats giving you the confidence to increase acquisition guidance when theres so much capital out there chasing deals?
Tom Olinger: Yeah. So the 5% is definitely a mix issue. But our acquisition activities were generally not out there to buy core portfolios at the highest -- hit that highest bid. So were constantly sourcing deals off market. And yes, those two do come with better returns, 5% is a mix issue. With respect to the confidence in the future, I mean, frankly, as Hamid said earlier on, were -- we had a $330 million quarter. We might have a $2 billion quarter. We might have -- we may have a zero. It really depends on whats out there, whats available to us and we have confidence in - in the next quarter, because we have a lot of irons already in the fire. But confidence long-term, who knows? I mean, if these returns begin to completely blow out over a replacement cost. Youre not going to see us as active. Yet, if theres a strategic opportunity, we may have a quarter thats 10 times the quarter we have this. So its tough. Acquisitions are hard to forecast. They should be hard to forecast, frankly.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. If somebody gives you a precise forecast for acquisitions you should run for the hills. But theres also another two I think important differences between us and others. First of all, our playing and is the globe. And thats lots of different ways to deploy capital than just in the U.S. Now I am not saying by the way Europe is any easier, but I am just saying we have really multiple ways of deploying capital. And secondly, a lot of the incremental capital thats come into the business is from allocators. Its from people that basically go and buy existing products. And we can buy substandard product thats well located and fixed it and that, even though theres competition in that too, but the number of players in that fixed market hasnt grown as much as the number of players in the, I buy office buildings and malls today and now I am going to buy warehouse, because its cool. So thats the difference.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Petersen from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Jon Petersen: Great. Thanks. I am just curious for your thoughts on, maybe some of the structural headwinds that a lot of kind of the coastal gateway markets are facing, particularly New York and San Francisco. Obviously, people are being called back to the office, but a lot more kind of flexibility and kind of expectations of migration more towards lower cost markets, lower tax markets? And I am just kind of curious how that impacts the industrial sector and your, I guess, willingness and underwriting around developing and expanding in those markets.
Hamid Moghadam: I think if, Ive honestly heard this wishful thinking by the part of people who are in other regions of the country now for probably 20 years and every time youve invested on the basis of that thesis, youve left money on the table. So I dont see it. Yes, are they high -- is Elon Musk moving from California to Texas? Yes. Does he get a lot of headlines? Yes. But he doesnt consume any more than somebody who makes $60,000 a year. So the big consumption bases are in these markets and the land is covered with buildings. Those are the differences. The fact that theyre sitting next to a beach thats not so important. Its just that those populations are still growing. They took a pause last year. But theyre still growing and theres a lot of -- the vast majority of the movements are in the same region from maybe the urban core to the suburbs or something like that. I mean, theres a lot of data on this. And maybe, Chris, you want to elaborate on this. So in terms of the distribution business, we dont have buildings that are in different places for servicing the urban core versus the suburbs. Theyre all sort of within the same driving area.
Chris Caton: Yeah. I just had a couple of data points for you. First, the business has never been stronger, when we look at California and New Jersey, business is excellent, both from a demand perspective and a pricing perspective. As you look at real-time migration data and I am specifically talking about the USPS data, youve seen migratory trends dissipate that is slow down. So, it is not continuing, it is not accelerating. And if you look at other real time data, for example, the housing, you also see the same trends. So just a couple of data points to reinforce the points Hamid is making.
Hamid Moghadam: By the way, it doesnt...
Operator: Again
Hamid Moghadam: let -- let me just say this. Its not like California doesnt have problems or New York doesnt have problems. They do have problems. And they need to solve those problems and they need to become more business friendly and they need to improve the quality of life and homelessness is a real issue and all of those things are real issues. But at the end of the day, people go where the job growth is and thats where the job growth is.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a follow up question from Emmanuel Korchman from Citi. Your line is open.
Emmanuel Korchman: Thanks, everyone. Chris, one for you, in the past, youve talked about how much logistics is as a percentage of sort of overall whether the product cost or distribution cost. Has that just essentially stayed consistent now and the rise in rents is consistent with the rise in other costs, and at some point, does that relationship get messed up either with rents becoming a bigger piece or the other costs becoming a bigger piece? Thanks.
Chris Caton: Hey, Manny. Yeah. Its our assessment that right now that ratio has not changed and so for those who are not familiar with the data by rent is roughly 5% of supply chain costs and supply chain costs roughly 5% of revenue. So rent is about 25 basis points of throughput distribution. With the growth that weve seen in transportation costs, growth weve seen in labor, that has in fact been excess of the market rent growth and so that ratio has not meaningfully changed. If anything, its gone down a bit.
Operator: We have a follow up question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim of Truist. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Just a broad question for you, your market cap is now over $100 billion, obviously grown a lot over the past several years and when you think about the rental math that you do in terms of the economics you get from contributing developed assets into the fund, when youre a smaller company, I mean, obviously that math works out very favorably. As you get bigger, I wonder, when do we hit that point where you would want to keep more of your development on balance sheet versus contributing to the funds at the same pace?
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. We dont -- I actually dont think that math necessarily ever reaches that point, Ki Bin. I think if we think about it, the reasons for being in the private capital business are beyond scale. I mean, theyre mitigating currency exposure. Its leveraging the return on our capital, et cetera, et cetera. And weve got a good history and a good brand in that business. Its a very important business to us and we will continue to do that in a meaningful way. But the key to our growth is not external growth. Now weve done more external growth than anybody on the planet, but our key is not external growth. The key is internal growth. That comes from portfolio construction and that comes from 20 years, 30 years, 40 years, almost of meticulous steady work to build up these positions and thats whats going to really in the long-term drive earnings in this company and create value. The deployment is great. Its interesting. It enables us to get scale that drives down G&A ratios and creates value that way. It increases our liquidity, which reduces the cost of capital. It does all kinds of things. But at the end of the day, its those location selections, like look at all our four or five M&A deals. Some of them, probably, between the five of them weve sold, probably 30%, maybe 35% of the assets, because we just dont believe in those markets, weve kept the ones that we want. We could have -- by the way, its probably the right short-term decision with a bend to keep those assets, because cap rates have compressed. We knowing what I know now, we should be more levered and have owned those assets. But frankly, that doesnt set us up as well for the long-term. We will make that up and then some in the long term by having the portfolio in the right place. So, organic growth and the external growth is icing on the cake.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman, Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: Thank you. It looks like youre going to see some meaningful rent growth in Europe. Can you talk about how your ability to push rents there compares to what youre seeing in the U.S. and if theres certain markets that are doing better than others?
Hamid Moghadam: U.K. is like the best markets in the U.K. and the continent is like the average markets in the U.S. minus 50 basis points. Thats the way I think about it. I mean that may not be price, but in terms of rental growth, I think, the average of the continent is probably lower than the average of the U.S. today. But the cost capital is lower in the U.K. -- in Europe also compared to the U.S. interest rates are lower. So I think they all make sense in the context of the cost of capital. But U.K. is more coastal U.S. like and the continent is more like the rest of the U.S.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay. Jamie, I think, youre the wrap. So I really appreciate everybody being on the call. I think we had about 780 of you on the call today, which is got to be a huge record. So I really appreciate the interest in the company and look forward to talking to you in the next couple of months. Take care.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-19 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Prologis Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, we will have a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Its now my pleasure to hand the conference over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Tracy Ward. Tracy, I hand it to you.
Tracy Ward: Thanks, Holly, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. I would like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under Federal Securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as managements beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filings.  Additionally, our second quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures, and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. This morning, we will hear from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results, real-time market conditions and guidance. Hamid Moghadam, Gary Anderson, Chris Caton, Mike Curless, Dan Letter, Ed Nekritz, Gene Reilly and Colleen McEwan are also here with us today. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom. Tom, will you please begin?
Tom Olinger: Thank you, Tracy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today. The second quarter exceeded our expectations both in terms of our results and outlook for 2021 and beyond. With our exceptional portfolio and teams, we set high watermarks across several measures this quarter. Demand for space is robust and diverse and market conditions remained the healthiest in our 38-year history.  In the second quarter, lease signings were 64 million square feet and lease proposals were 84 million square feet, both remain above average and were driven by new and development leasing. Likewise, the Prologis IBI Customer Activity Index reached a new high in the second quarter, an early indicator of strong future demand. Our leasing mix is broad. Currently, the greatest demand is for spaces above 100,000 square feet. For smaller spaces, activity is picking up. We signed 518 leases totaling 18 million square feet in the quarter, the highest volume in this segment in three years.  For customer segments, e-commerce continues to lead the way, representing 30% of new lease signings in the second quarter. While Amazon remains steady at 6% of total new leasing, we have seen many more e-commerce players come to the table. For example, we signed 168 new e-commerce leases in the first half of 2021 versus 53 in the first half of last year. Supply chains are raising, beginning to restock. And as they view, well create more demand going forward. Containerized imports are up 33% through May versus pre-pandemic levels, as retailers replenished their supply chains. While inventories have risen 3% from their trough, they have struggled to grow this year as retain sales are up 19% from pre-pandemic levels. We see the current low level of inventories on our space utilization, which at 84.3% is below the long-term average of 85%. This is yet another sign that our customers are operating with suboptimal levels of inventory.  Putting together the recent outperformance and ongoing momentum, we are raising our 2021 U.S. forecast for net absorption by 20% to 360 million square feet and deliveries by 8% to 325 million square feet.  Looking forward, we foresee continued supply balanced by demand with historic low vacancy of 4.5% carrying into 2022. With balanced demand and supply, acute scarcity in our markets is driving record rents and value growth, while operating portfolio lease percentage rose by 80 basis points to 97.2% at quarter-end.  Customers continue to compete for space and are making decisions faster with lease gestation in the quarter of just 44 days. When we look at the factors impacting supply, significant barriers exists in our markets and include a lack of buyable land, increasingly difficult and expensive permitting and entitlement processes and rapidly escalating replacement cost. Our research team released an excellent paper on this last month, which you can find on our website.  Our supply watch list remains quite small. We reviewed Houston in the quarter leaving just Spain and Poland. Accelerating demand in the quarter, combined with ultra low vacancies, translated to a very strong rent growth of 4.1% in our U.S. markets exceeding our expectations. As a result, we are raising our 2021 rent forecast an all-time high of 10.3% for the U.S., up approximately 40 basis points from our prior estimate and 8% globally, which is up 300 basis points.  Our in-place to market rent spread is now the widest in our history at 16.9%, up 330 basis points sequentially. This represents future gas in the tank of nearly $700 million in NOI, or $0.90 per share.  Turning to valuations. Our assets have strongest quarterly uplift in our history, rising 8% in the second quarter alone, with the U.S. up more than 10% and Europe up 5.6%. On the topic of valuation, I want to point out that we enhanced the NAV disclosure in our supplemental related to property management fees.  Given the size and scale of our portfolio, we created substantial value through our operational advantages. As a result, we know that real estate is worth more in our hands. Accordingly, we are now including net property management fee income as the bone in the adjusted NOI in our NAV disclosure. Switching gears to results for the quarter, our team and portfolio continued to deliver excellent financial results. Core FFO was $1.01 per share, with net promote earnings effectively zero, rent change on rollover was 32%. Occupancy at quarter-end was 96.8%, up 110 basis points sequentially.  Cash same-store NOI growth accelerated to 5.8%, 290 basis points year-over-year. We tapped into favorable market conditions and disposed of $880 million of non-strategic assets across our portfolio.  In addition, just last week, we completed the sale of a $920 million owned and managed portfolio, including all of the non-strategic IPT assets. Its worth noting that to date, we have sold $2 billion of non-strategic assets from our IPT and LPT acquisitions at pricing more than 23% above underwriting. Turning to strategic capital. Our team raised almost $600 million in the second quarter. Equity cues from our open-ended vehicles were $3.3 billion at quarter end, hitting another all-time high. Robust investor interest has prompted private equity limited partners to shift away from diversify to more sector-specific funds, particularly for the logistics sector. In light of recent asset management transactions and public cost, the value being ascribed to our strategic capital business is uniquely understated. For the balance sheet, we continue to maintain excellent financial strength with liquidity and combined leverage capacity between Prologis and our open-ended vehicles totaling $14 billion. Moving to guidance for 2021. Our outlook has further improved given higher rent growth, higher valuations and robust demand. Here are the key updates on an our share basis. We are increasing our cash same-store NOI growth midpoint by 75 basis points to now range between 5.25% and 5.75%. We expect bad debt expense to be approximately 10 basis points of gross revenues, down from our prior guidance midpoint of 20 basis points and well below our historical average. We are increasing the midpoint for strategic capital revenue, excluding promotes, to $470 million, up $15 million from prior guidance. This upward revision is due to increased asset management fees resulting from higher property values. Faster development lease-up and higher asset values are also leading to an increase in promotes.  We now expect net promote income of $0.02 for this year, an increase of $0.04 from our prior guidance. We are also increasing development starts by $300 million and now expect a midpoint of $3.2 billion. Build-to-suits will comprise more than 40% of development volume. Our owned and managed land portfolio, which is composed of land, options, and covered land place supports $18 billion of future development over the next several years. We are also increasing the midpoint for dispositions and contributions by $650 million in total. This increase will have roughly a $0.02 drag on earnings this year, given the timing to redeploy incremental proceeds.  We now expect to generate net deployment sources of $200 million at the midpoint, with leverage remaining effectively flat in 2021. Taking these assumptions into account, we are increasing our core FFO midpoint by $0.07 and narrowing the range to $4.04 to $4.08 per share. Core FFO, excluding promotes, will range between $4.02 and $4.06 per share, representing year-over-year growth at the midpoint of almost 13%. We continue to maintain exceptional dividend coverage and our 2021 guidance implies a payout ratio in the low 60% range and free cash flow after dividends of $1.3 billion. In closing, the first half of the year has been extraordinary and our outlook is equally promising. Visibility into our strong future organic earnings potential is very clear. We have a significant embedded in-place to market rent spread, the development-ready land portfolio, substantial balance sheet capacity and ability to create value for our customers beyond the real estate. With that, Ill turn it back to Holly for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is going to come from the line of Steve Sakwa, Evercore ISI. 
Steve Sakwa : Thanks. Good morning out there. Maybe Tom or Hamid, I was just wondering if you could spend a little more time just talking about some of the demand drivers across some of the various subsectors and maybe regionally, I know Europe, maybe grew a little bit faster, but maybe just provide a little more context around which businesses and which regions you are seeing the most demand in?
Chris Caton: Hey, Steve, its Chris Caton. I am going to jump in with a few highlights and then, I think, Gene will share some color. I think there are three or four demand trends that represent themselves. The first is broadly the diversification of e-commerce. So, internationalization of the major players or small and mid-size players stepping up.  The second is the growth leaders of last year are leasing safe. Think about food companies, pharmaceuticals, and durable goods companies. The third trend would be supply chain resilience. For example, we see the core markets are among the strongest theyve ever been. So, you have several clear themes playing through demand. 
Gene Reilly: Yes. So, Steve, the only thing I would add to that is, if you want to get some geographic color is, coastal markets are definitely doing better. You look at the U.S., Southern California and New Jersey by far I think have the strongest demand dynamics. But Id also say that its very difficult to find a weak market globally, no matter where they are, in the Latin America, Europe, the U.S. There is strength in demand really everywhere. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is going to come from the line of Emmanuel Korchman with Citi. 
Emmanuel Korchman : Hey. Good morning, everyone. Chris, maybe just another one for you. But you spoke about broad-based demand. But is the specific demand from, especially e-commerce customers changing at all? Are they kind of willing to get whatever they can or are they being more specific as to what they want? Are they pinpointing markets? Is it a wider sort of tapers of demand? Can you help us figure out what they are actually asking for when they come to you? 
Chris Caton: Yes. So, the message on e-commerce is actually, its very diverse. And I think if you look across the maturity of different organizations, they all want something slightly different. So, if you have a large international player, I do think they are getting much more pinpointed. Weve seen a lot of growth, for example, in the last such sub-markets.  There is a lot of focus on shortening those delivery times. But more mid-size organizations might be in an adjacent location or in a regional location to still build out the basic infrastructure for executing online.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from the line of Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows : Hi. Good morning, team. I was just wondering if you could talk maybe about development of Prologis is obviously an active developer. You increase your guidance for development starts and stabilizations and also the contributions. So, could you give some detail on how you think about your development businesses, valuation? How the developing gains are related to that and how it might be different than peers activity? I know thats a lot. 
Tom Olinger: Hey, Caitlin, thanks for your questions. This is Tom. Ill take a first shot at that. I think there are several aspects of our development business that are quite unique. The first I would just think looking at the size of that portfolio $18 billion of build out, almost 20% of our market cap. And that portfolio was very focused in our high barrier markets at which we operate. So weve got a land bank that we can build out.  A very, very high quality portfolio thats in high demand. Its very diversified across 19 different countries and its a huge opportunity set that our development platform has to build out and just having the menu to seek the best returns and to solve customers problems across all of those different markets is a huge advantage. And I think that leads to just the durability of those development gains. So if you look at our track record, weve got a track record of 20 years, developing $37 billion of assets, 20% unlevered IRR and we did those results verified externally by Duff & Phelps, by the way, but -so anincredibletrack record of durability. So, when you look at the $18 billion of build out, our history of being able to continue to develop at very, very attractive rates, there is a very, very long runway of opportunity thats just presented in front of us. And then, to your point on realized gains, I think its another point that makes sense quite unique that given our capital structure and how it works, how we want to structure the vast majority of our assets outside the U.S. are held in funds, but we are developing the vast majority of those assets on balance sheet Europe, in Japan, Mexico.  And those assets, with very few exceptions, are contributing into our funds. So there is a real crystallization of those gains. So, when you think about the 20% unlevered IRRs all that development, the vast majority of those gains were realized in cash and thats a real cash flow. That  its part of your AFFO and should be embedded in your valuation. I think when we look at valuation in particular for development, I think, it is a very scattershot approach because there is a couple of different things you have to do. Obviously, youve got the CIP thats in front of you. You got to face that and value that. You got your land bank, in our case, $18 billion that you have to value.  And there is also residual for this platform, right? This platform has a history of $37 billion and 20% unlevered IRRs. There is a value here. So, I think you can put those all together. There is different ways to do it, obviously. But I would just encourage you to take a look at the cash flows that this thing generates historically. And I think you are going to find the valuation for our development capabilities are, I would say, significantly undervalued.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Craig Mailman with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Craig Mailman : Hey, everyone. I appreciate the update there and where you think market rent growth is and clearly your net absorption stats as well. Just looks like we are still at equilibrium. But I am just curious, did you guys talk to tenants and kind of continue to push through rents or maybe even accelerate that? How does the conversation changed now with labor shortages continuing and maybe even getting a little bit worse places and just gas prices continue to rise and impacted the transportation side? I mean, are rents even how high up on the list are they at this point? Maybe update us on how many deals you are losing as a result of rent versus other factors? Those are few questions.
Gene Reilly : Yes. This is, Gene. So, Ill take that. So I think you are  if you look at the conversations we are having with customers and what their pain points are relative  excuse me.
Hamid Moghadam: Gene is having a little bit of issue with the access to it. So, let me cover while he  there is a sort of. So the conversations are mostly around labor. That is absolutely a pain point. But there is an ability to push through our pricing today, because when you have retail sales jump 20% from pre-pandemic levels and God knows what percent from pandemic levels. And the supply chain is dry and there is very little probability of losing that piece of business, because people are flushed with cash and out there spending money. I think this is going to continue for a while. So, basically, everybodys hair is on fire trying to keep up with demand. And Mike, any additional color on that?
Mike Curless : Yes. I think one way you can really represent this is the fact that weve had more customers competing over space than weve seen ever before and that creates some difficult situations. So we always start with transparency with both parties. But I got to tell you the rent becomes a very minor discussion just the availability and accessibility of that space becomes the priority. So I think thats a good description of what we are seeing out there in terms of the customers priorities.
Tom Olinger : Craig, I wish we were losing more deals because of rent, because we actually look at that on a quarterly basis by geography and the number is under 5%, which to me it means we may not be pushing rents enough. So, in a way, the fact that we are not losing those deals to rents may not be such a great bank.
Gene Reilly : There is - Let me jump in here and continue with my point. But with respect to gas prices, that pretty much makes location on the more important. So I think thats probably a tailwind with respect to rents.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley.
Vikram Malhotra : Morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just maybe wanted to build upon comments around the strategic capital business. You referenced several times the power of the business and potentially being undervalued. I am assuming thats on the equity side. As I talk to my colleagues who cover the asset managers, there is clearly different multiples that you use to value some of these larger or asset management platforms.  So maybe you can unpack this for us a little bit in terms of the power of the business; the more focused customer base you are seeing that are focused on logistics-only platforms and then just the valuation, thatd be really helpful?
Tom Olinger : Yes, Vikram, its Tom. I will take that first. So, I think lets start with that business and how that business has grown. If you look over the last five years, any land and revenues of that business has grown 18%, some 18% CAGR. More importantly, the EBITDA or cash flow that that business is generating has grown by 26% CAGR, so incredible growth.  As we look forward, just given what we are seeing, I think the opportunities are there for very strong continued EBITDA growth. So I think thats a baseline I would think about there. A highly, highly scalable business for what we do. And relative to valuation, there have been I think clarity around valuation in this business. It has never been better because there has been several transactions that have cleared the market lately and you can certainly look at public comps. I think for us, you need to look at the alternative asset managers as the right place to start.  And while there are a lot of different ways, I think analysts and investors are looking at multiple, but when you work through it all for the alternative of those and the comps we are seeing, you are going to see multiples in the mid-20s on earnings and those include promotes. So when you strip out promotes, you are seeing for the best alternative asset managers a multiple of 30 or higher, and they are getting an x on promotes. So, yes, that would tell you our business is - I would say, very undervalued, because as you are thinking about how we compare to them, I think you need to think about the stickiness of our AUM. 90% plus of our AUM is in long life or perpetual vehicles.  We talked about the growth profile that we have and then clearly, there is incredible investor demand for our product, which is also lining up to support growth. Our equity queue at quarter end was $3.3 billion, an all-time high. So, happy to get into more discussions with you all on this going forward. But lot of good visibility out there on valuation.
Chris Caton : Yes. I would add two things, which we sort of assume that are important. First the business scale. Its a $60 billion plus business. I mean, that puts us among the top real estate asset managers anywhere by any measure and we are focused on one property type. So thats a pretty significant market share in the most desirable market. So thats place to the premium.  And also, I would say, we have the longest history of actually producing these returns that goes back to AMDs early days in the mid-80s. So, both in terms of longevity, the quality of the income stream, these are not a bunch of closed-end funds that expire. These are, as Tom pointed out, very sticky and long-lived cash flow streams.  I would argue that they have more leverage on the upside than the real estate cash flows that support that business because of the fee and promote structure. So, for the life of me, I dont really understand why they are being valued the way they are, but we are going to do a better job of explaining that to people who follow this business, because we are honestly getting a lot of receptivity from those investors that really understand this sector.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Jamie Feldman with Bank of America.
Jamie Feldman : Thank you. Following up to the last question, $14 billion of investment capacity, weve seen a good amount of large portfolios trade the last few years, but clearly pricing is getting more and more dear. How should we think about your ability to do large-scale transactions to keep growing that business through acquisition?
Tom Olinger : We do not care one iota about external growth and through M&A. It is  that is no skill of the management team. Just multiple conversion and dismiss that fair that our size prevents us from growing fast.  I would just invite people to look at the numbers and you can strip out the M&A from that. So M&A is opportunistic. Its never part of our business plan and if we never had another dollar of M&A, outplay our growth rate against anybody elses in any center frankly over time.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets.
John Kim : Thank you. Given the increase youve had in valuations this quarter, I was wondering if you could provide an updated view on exit cap rates and that spread between exit and going in yields when you and your partners are looking at investments?
Hamid Moghadam : Well, historically we pencil in a 50 basis point  used to pencil in a 50 basis point increase in the residual calculation based on our rents projections and alike. But I think 50 basis points when cap rates were 9% was quite a bit and when the cap rates are in the mid-3s, thats even a great deal more on a relative basis. So, we are mostly using about a 25% increase in residual calculations ten years out.  But again, we are an infinite life vehicle. When you invest in our REIT, you dont  we just sell non-strategic assets. We dont sell our other assets that we like. You look at the dividends or the cash flow that comes off those assets and the growth rate of those assets that translates into a very nice overall IRR, which is really the fundamental driver of value in our business.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Jon Petersen with Jefferies.
Jonathon Petersen : Great. Thanks. You guys in your press release mentioned that cash same-store NOI growth in the international portfolio was higher than U.S., which I think is kind of a flip from what weve seen in recent years. But I look at occupancy the occupancy is still growing faster in the U.S. So, maybe you could just talk about whats driving that higher international growth?
Gene Reilly : Yes. Tom, Ill take that. I think part of it is driven by strong results in other Americas and Europe was also strong. I think its more of a reflection of a easier comp in Q2 of 2020 than everything else. But listen, I think longer term, I mean, by and large, particularly in Europe, the cap rates have dropped further in Europe over the last several years.  Thats been more of a headwind on rent growth and I would expect, going forward, we are going to see whether its next year, the year after that, but we are going to see growth in our international markets to be on par if not better than our U.S. markets.
Tom Olinger : Yes, I would also say that land is very difficult in the U.S. but its even more difficult in Europe because the government is a much bigger actor in allocating land out and they really tie it to employment and they are not wild about logistics. So land supply is just that much more difficult.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo.
Blaine Heck : Great. Thanks. So we noticed turnover costs on leases ticked up this quarter and those costs as a percentage of lease value have been trending up over the last four quarters as has free rents. Just given the context of you guys having the highest demand youve ever seen, those increase, that increase seems somewhat counter-intuitive. So, can you just give some color on what might be driving that increase? And how we should think about those concessions going forward?
Tom Olinger : Blaine, this is Tom. Thats a good observation. What is driving that over the last four quarters and particularly in the second quarter is higher levels of new leasing. So new leasing in Q2 versus Q1 increased 40% sequentially. And new leases generally come with slightly higher concessions, slightly higher turnover costs as a result, but the key is we are looking at long-term economics. So, yes, there is a little bit of short-term pain with that but we are getting in what we believe to be a better cash flow and higher rents. So, I think thats the key. We are looking at the long-term economics here and we are getting at.  I do think, in clearly, over the last four quarters, weve seen much higher levels of new leasing than in the past, I think thats going to moderate a bit going forward. But we are looking at the long-term end game here and its clearly the right economic decision to make.
Gene Reilly : Yes. The other issue you should keep in mind is that we are pushing rents a lot harder than we were before. So, likely to replace existing customers with the most efficient customers that have the highest value chain and the ability to pay. So, that reshuffle has been accelerated in the last 12, 24 months.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Carroll : Yes. I wanted to touch back on the earlier comments regarding the broadening out of tenant interest, specifically from e-commerce players, I guess. When you say you are seeing more demand from the smaller players, are these companies that are looking to insource their logistics needs versus outsourcing it to 3PLs or did they already have an insource network and they are just looking to expand it right now or is a little bit of both?
Mike Curless : Hey. This is Mike. Its certainly a little bit of both. I think the bigger story here is, we get asked a lot of questions about is it all about Amazon? And while theyve been very steady and robust in terms of their activity with us this year with actually plenty of back-end activity coming up in the next couple of quarters.  The bigger takeaway is what Tom said in the earnings front-end here were the other customers. Last year, we leased about 50 non-Amazon  50 leases to non-Amazon e-com players. This time fast forward, the number is three times as high and its a wide variety of smaller and larger customers. There is some big brand names in there like walmart.com or MercadoLibre in Latin America, JD.com.  But the bigger story is, there is over 150 of these smaller, more diversified players using a combination of insourcing and outsourcing. We really like that diversification there and again, the story is just not all about Amazon.
Tom Olinger : I think there is a frenzy on playing catch-up that that is creating a lot of activity. I mean, I think people - if anything the pandemic sort of suggested that they can take business as usual in a very incremental approach with respect to their e-commerce strategy and now they are realizing how important it is and they are just pedal to the metal and thats showing up in our 3PL leasing statistics as well.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Mike Mueller with J.P. Morgan.
Mike Mueller : Yes. Hi. Can you talk a little bit about your development margins on spec versus build-to-suit? And do you think we could see the mix, which I think you said is about 40% this year drift down further?
Gene Reilly : Yes. Mike, this is Gene. I think the  I think thats going to hold. In fact, I think we might see ultimately a higher build-to-suit percentage. And Id be careful looking at the comparison of margins between build-to-suit and spec, because the mix has an awful lot to do with it. How long the transaction has taken to negotiate has something to do with it.  But I think in both cases, you can expect margins to creep up. We have cost increasing on us on the construction side. But we have return compression and rent growth thats ahead of our underwriting expectations and that overwhelms the cost increases. So I think, generally going to see margins expand.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Dave Rodgers with Baird.
Dave Rodgers : Hi, there. Maybe to start with Mike or Gene. Wanted to ask on the inventory and the sales topics that you guys mentioned earlier. Obviously, the big increase in sales and inventory is not keeping up. I guess, when you talk to the customers, what are they trying to solve for from an inventory to sales perspective maybe how does that vary between industries, if at all?  And I guess, how do they take into consideration may be interest cost with interest going down? Does that change kind of their willingness to carry even more inventory in the near-term? Those kind of - type of conversations and any color would be helpful.
Chris Caton : Hey, Dave, its Chris Caton. Ill kick it off. So first off, as has been shared a few times, right now its fulfillment by any means necessary. Trying to get goods into the country. Look, inventories are down 10% from pre-pandemic levels. And so, its really just a race to get levels in. As it relates to resilience, I do think we are starting to see this, but I think the specific numbers of people are looking at.  They are not yet at the strategic planning phase they are much more tactically focused on fixing their supply chains this year. Refresh up in our supply chain conference four days ago, 75% of people we spoke with, they had a poll survey said increasing inventories do have resilience related issues with top of mind and we are starting to see that play out.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street.
Vince Tibone : Hi. Good morning. I wanted to follow-up on significant increase in your U.S. market rent growth forecast. I just wanted to get a little more color on which markets you are seeing the greatest improvement in fundamentals and reviews last quarter? And also just hear how high you are forecasting growth in Southern California, New Jersey and alike?
Chris Caton : Hey, Vince. Its Chris Caton. So indeed, we did make a material increase and look, I think the facts of the situation are really impressive. Rents in the U.S. are up nearly 7% just in the first half of the year, thats a record. And look, its not just the U.S. rents are rising, in Europe they are up 2% so far this year. When I think about different categories, lets start with the coastal, the major markets on the coast and weve had Toronto in there.  Typically, these markets on an annual basis will outperform by 250 to 400 basis points. Last year that compressed as there was less differentiation. That differentiation has returned. And so, we are going to see these coastal markets in Toronto hit mid-teens, I think this year. And I  based on some of the trends we discussed earlier, Id say we should expect to see this relative outperformance widen in the coming years. Hope that helps you.
Tom Olinger : Vince, this is Tom. I would just tack on the impact of  and on our earnings, right? I mean, we are rolling around 16%, 17% of our portfolio for a year now. So all of this good news on rent growth is not coming to the P&L right away. So you need to look at the in-place to market which significantly gapped out this quarter now at almost 17%.  And as I said in my prepared remarks, its almost $700 million of incremental NOI and want to see where rent growth continues to go. But I would continue to think that in-place market is going to March a little higher.
Chris Caton : Yes and one other thing I would add, as strong as rents have been in some of these best markets, with todays rents, todays construction cost, and todays land cost, development doesnt pencil. So, when people are developing, that means they are thinking, they may be wrong, that rents have to grow quite a bit from here or cap rates are going to compress significantly from here.  I dont know which and they may be wrong. But I can tell you that with todays marginal land cost and building cost, no way you come close to that clearing your margin in development.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Rob Simone with Hedgeye Risk Management.
Rob Simone : Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Kind of a two-part question for me, get back to your earlier comments on strategic capital. We took a shot at that valuation and I think, Tom, your comments were really helpful. I think in many ways, they are probably too conservative. But, on the growth rate side, so one of the things thats a little bit tougher to handicap from the outside is, kind of the sustainable growth rate and your capital raising.  The deployments from contribution is a little more obvious from the numbers, at least historically. So, I was hoping you guys could comment on how you see the fundraising environment kind of proceeding over the coming years?  And then, also, maybe secondarily to that, its really interesting. This is the first year that the net income excluding promotes kind of subsumed your corporate G&A. So from a valuation perspective, how do you think about addressing that? Its obviously a huge benefit but a big change versus prior year.
Tom Olinger : Hey, Rob. Let me take a shot at this. Todays  our third-party AUM is mid $60 billion. At the time of the merger exactly 10 years ago, the merger closed on June 30 of 2011, exactly ten years ago, it was $14 billion. So, you do the math as to what the growth rate has been.  But I think ten years got to be a pretty representative period, because we had some early not so great years in industrial and past couple of years have been really good. But I havent done the CAGR, but if you do the CAGR between $14 billion and whatever, $60 billion plus, its got to be pretty impressive. The guys are trying to do the math.  But, anyway, you can do the math. Its certainly higher than what any valuation model will suggest and I bet you, its higher than a lot of public company asset managers. Its 16% annual growth rate in third-party funds under management. So  and the limiter on that growth is not our ability raise capital. We can go out there and raise  more capital than we have right now.  Its just that we dont want to raise the capital if we think we dont have good deployment opportunities for us. So, we dont want our queues getting too long and investors to get frustrated and we certainly dont want to have a big queue that forces deal making like we see in a lot of other places.
Chris Caton : Weve raised somewhere between $2 billion and $6 billion of good capital over the course of last three years depending on the need. This year you will be interested to know that 15% of the new capital thats raised is from new investors, new to Prologis. So that really underscores the broadening of interest in the logistics sector.  The other thing that I think you are going to find interesting is that 50% of the investors are now diligencing ESG as an imperative. So, that really plays to our strength. Weve been an ESG leader for more than two decades. So, I think thats a differentiator for PLD.
Gene Reilly : Hey, Rob. Id just also point out from a key focus on equity raising. But these are open-ended funds are extremely low levered. They are A minus rated entities. They have significant financing capacity. So weve got a lot of runway just by using their balance sheets, much less ours. And then thanks for pointing out your point about G&A and scale.  I mean, that just tells you the power of the scale of these businesses. We talked about the AUM growth, thats 16 over the last ten years or 18 over the last five years. But its all about cash flow and EBITDA. Thats grown 26% CAGR in the last five years. And as we grow, the vast majority of that money is going to drop to the bottom-line.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from the line of Tom Catherwood, BTIG.
Tom Catherwood : Excellent. Thank you, guys. Hamid, just wanted to follow-up on your comment on industrial development not penciling out. Last quarter, I think you had mentioned that replacement cost could increase by mid and as much as 25% and that Prologis had gotten ahead of that by pre-ordering a lot of material including steel.  As we sit today, what are your current thoughts as far as input costs and how they could continue to trend? And is there a timeframe in which you might kind of fully utilize the material you pre-ordered and we could see maybe more margin compression on the development side is yet to take kind of market rates for those? What are your thoughts on that?
Hamid Moghadam : Yes. In terms of our pre-purchasing steel, I didnt want to create the false impression that weve got our entire development program hedged on steel costs. And we are pretty much working through the steel thats been hedged.  So, I dont think thats a big factor in forecasting margins going forward. My personal view is that some of these supply chain-related issues that have impacted material costs are going to subside and there was a period out there a year or two years out where maybe the steel price escalation could reverse and get back on a sort of normal inflationary trend, once all the plants are back up and producing.  But the most important thing affecting margins is what Gene mentioned a little while ago, which is that, cap rates are compressing and rents are growing faster than land cost and replacement costs are going up. So the margins, if anything are going to expand unless something material changes that I cant think of right now, particularly given the outlook for demand. And when someone asks Chris about the different sectors and all that, notably absent in his sectors was housing. Housing is still not anywhere near its potential and its a big consumer of warehouse space that hasnt even kicked in. And you know how low the housing inventory is and how much prices are going up in the housing sector. So I expect actually that to be an additional engine of growth for demand.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Truist.
Ki Bin Kim : Yes. Good morning. Just wanted to go back to the land topic. You guys bought more land year-to-date than you did in 2020. Just curious - so just a couple of broad questions. You already have a pretty sizable land base.  I am just curious about what the thinking is behind that? Is it  shouldnt been feel good that you had to kind secure market value land to put it to work relatively soon? Or is there a longer term element to it that you think the demand is long lasting and so good that you wanted to replenish the land inventory?  And also, how should we think about the $18 billion of build out in your land bank today? Should we expect that to start to get smaller as we do more development? Or is this a level that you plan you can maintain just to keep things humming along?
Tom Olinger : Yes, couple of things, Ki Bin. First of all, land comes in couple of different flavors. One is raw unentitled land, of which we buy some but not a lot. Second comes in the form of options that we actually dont buy. It doesnt show up in the period when we made the deal. It shows up in the period that we actually closed the land option.  So, I dont know the specifics for this quarter that you are looking at. But we can find that out. But it could be closing in options that we negotiated many, many moons ago. And finally, the infrastructure cost of improving land shows up as land and it may not be actually new land, it may be just additional infrastructure on existing land. For example, in our Tracy Park, we are doing million square foot deals like they are going out of style and along with that, we need to put the infrastructure in and with that land we bought in 2012. But that infrastructure it shows up as a little land. Finally, an increasing percentage of our land is covered land place and they have an income stream and they pencil as investments even if we werent going to scrape them and redevelop them down the road. So, these are land purchases deals that are actually pretty attractive in their own right. But they also have an embedded upside in terms of developing new product on it. Gene, anything?
Gene Reilly : Yes. So, Ki Bin, if you look at that $18 billion of build out, about 44% of it is either covered land place or option land. And if you look at how we are replenishing the land bank over time, we are sticking pretty much to those ratios. So, nearly 50% of it comes in those two categories and with respect to the size of the land bank, its got to grow. Our development program is growing and you are going to see the land bank grow along with it.
Tom Olinger : A good example would be this Hilltop transaction that got all this attention that all of a sudden are we going to the retail business? No, we are not going to the retail business. Thats just another way of buying land with the yield on it. So, but its chunky. Its $100 million. So that shows up as that can move the numbers around in a given quarter by quite a bit. But its covered land place at the end of the day.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question is a follow-up from Jamie Feldman, Bank of America.
Jamie Feldman : Thanks. I just wanted  I have two quick follow-up questions. One is going back to the supply chain shortages, pleasantly surprised to see you raised your starts guidance and your stabilizations guidance. Would you say that well see that across the board in this sector? Or there is something specific about the PLD platform that let you continue on with your development plans?  And then, secondly, you mentioned housing is not yet at its full potential for demand. Any thoughts - latest thoughts on re-shoring and what that could mean to demand and then anything coming out of Congress with the infrastructure bill that could also be a driver of growth? Thank you.
Tom Olinger : Yes. On the infrastructure side, a lot of it isnt infrastructure, this is I can tell. So I dont think those things are necessarily going to add a lot of business. But the real infrastructure for part, this is less than $1 billion should be really great for the business.  Onshoring is - I only see onshoring in newspaper articles. I havent really actually seen them and if you look at the import numbers, we set month-after-month of records. And now I do think there will be onshoring of medical supplies and PPE. And some of the things that are strategic to use an over-used word. But generally speaking, we just dont have the resources, the infrastructure, the labor, the knowhow to manufacture a lot of the things that come into our containers. Gene, anything?
Gene Reilly : Yes. I mean, I think you will see in the Mexico, they are seeing it. But I dont think you see re-shoring here. What was the first part of your question?
Chris Caton : What we see others.
Gene Reilly : Right. Right.
Tom Olinger : Well, I have no idea. 
Gene Reilly : Yes, we need to.
Tom Olinger : Yes, I mean well find out in a couple of weeks. But the  I can tell you that  and youve heard us talk about this for years now. Weve really taken the customer and put it in the middle of our business, and that is paying dividends. So this customer-centric model allows us to do a lot of business. By the way that playbook will get like copied like everything else.  So, I assume, other people will do the same thing. But so far, we are doing great with major customer business. Thanks to the good work that the teams are doing.  With that, Jamie, you were the last. So, thank you again for your attention and we look forward to talking to you before next quarter for sure. Take care.
Operator: Once again, wed like to thank you for participating in todays Prologis conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-30 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Duke Realty Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ron Hubbard. Please go ahead.
Ronald Hubbard: Thank you, Don. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Jim Connor, Chairman and CEO; Mark Denien, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Schnur, Chief Operating Officer; and Nick Anthony, Chief Investment Officer. Before we make our prepared remarks, let me remind you that certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking statements subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. These risks and other factors could adversely affect our business and future results. For more information about those risk factors, we would refer you to our 10-K or 10-Q that we have on file with the SEC and the company's other SEC filings. All forward-looking statements speak only as of today, April 29, 2021, and we assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. A reconciliation to GAAP of the non-GAAP financial measures that we provide on this call is included in our earnings release. Our earnings release and supplemental package were distributed last night after the market closed. If you did not receive a copy, these documents are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at dukerealty.com. You can also find our earnings release, supplemental package, SEC reports and an audio webcast of this call in the Investor Relations section of our website as well. Now for our prepared statement, I'll turn it over to Jim Connor.
James Connor: Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. I will open by saying as always, we hope you and your families are safe and healthy, and that you have the opportunity to be vaccinated. The fundamentals of our business continue to be as good as ever. We've now had 2 successive quarters of demand breaking all-time records. Our development platform had a record first quarter of starts, and our core portfolio continues to perform at the top of the class. Our liquidity position and sources of capital are very attractively priced to capture opportunities, including our execution of 2 green debt transactions. All of these drivers result in us raising key components of our 2021 guidance that roll up to double-digit growth in expected core FFO and AFFO with the midpoints. Now let me turn it over to Steve to cover our operations.
Steven Schnur: Thanks, Jim. I'll first cover overall market fundamentals, then review our operational results. Industrial net absorption in the first quarter according to CBRE registered an impressive 100 million square feet, marking the first time that demand has exceeded 100 million square feet in consecutive quarters. This was more than enough to offset new supply as completions dipped to 57 million square feet from about 70 million square feet in the fourth quarter of 2020. This positive net absorption over deliveries for the quarter reduced vacancy down to 4.4%, which is back down near the record levels we saw throughout most of 2019. The strong mix and fundamentals increased asking rents by over 7% compared to the previous year. CBRE now projects demand for the full year to surpass 300 million square feet, perhaps even breaking the 2016 record of 327 million square feet. They project deliveries to be about 300 million square feet as well. The overall sector continues to remain very much in balance, which will produce another year of growth in asking rents of high single digits nationally. On the macroeconomic front, the increasing pace of vaccinations, the stimulus being pumped into the U.S. economy and the arrival of spring weather has generated some significant recent data points indicative of a very strong year in our business. The recent March consumer confidence rating is back near the range of 2018 and 2019, and the GDP growth is projected to be in the 6% to 7% range. This bodes very well for demand in logistics real estate. And in addition, we have the secular drivers in our business that remain firmly intact and stronger than prepandemic. To that point, the growth in retail sales and e-commerce sales across the 2-month February and March period were up 12% and 28%, respectively. And perhaps more notably, when measured against the 2019 pre - nonpandemic time frame, the recent February and March figures were up 15% and 43%, respectively. In addition, the experience of the supply chain bottlenecks and response for greater business inventory redundancy is expected to push the retail inventory to sales ratio to above historic levels, yet it now sits near record low levels. Demand by occupier type remains broad-based and very active, with pure e-commerce, omnichannel retailers, 3PLs, health care supply firms and food and beverage companies leading the way. Now I'll turn to our own portfolio. We executed a very solid first quarter by signing 7.4 million square feet of new leases. On first-generation leasing, we signed 3 transactions to stabilize assets that were previously in the unstabilized in-service and spec development pools, including 146,000-square-foot lease on a spec development in Southern California, Mid-Counties submarket for 100% of the space. The lease activity for the quarter, combined with strong fundamentals I mentioned, led to continued growth in rents in our portfolio as we reported 11.4% cash, 26.2% on a GAAP basis. The mark-to-market on our portfolio leases is at 17% below market rental rates, which is supportive of continued strong rent growth. We also had an exceptional quarter of development starts. As initially reflected in our press release last month, on top of the $373 million of starts we reported in the press release, at quarter end, we signed another $39 million project in the Tampa's market, which is build-to-suit for an e-commerce retailer. In total, we started 11 projects during the quarter, totaling 3.8 million square feet and $412 million in cost. These projects were 60% preleased with value creation estimated near 40%. We're very - we're also very proud that 3 of the 4 build-to-suits we signed during the quarter was repeat customers. Our development pipeline at quarter end totaled $1.4 billion with 68% allocated to our coastal Tier 1 markets. The pipeline - this pipeline was 65% preleased as of March 31. Looking forward and consistent with the strong fundamentals I discussed and our best-in-class local operating teams, our outlook for new development starts is as strong as it's ever been, as reflected by our revised guidance of over 30% from our original midpoint. I'll also note, we do expect our pipeline preleasing percentage to potentially drop a bit in future quarters as we put fully leased assets in service and start more speculative development projects in high-barrier Tier 1 submarkets where fundamentals are very strong. I'll now turn it over to Nick Anthony to cover acquisitions and disposition.
Nicholas Anthony: Thanks, Steve. For the quarter, we sold $94 million of assets comprised of 2 facilities in Houston as well as 2 facilities in Indianapolis owned in a 50-50 joint venture. In turn, we used part of these proceeds to acquire 3 buildings totaling 680,000 square feet for $51 million, including 1 asset in Southern California's IE West submarket and 1 in Northern New Jersey's Meadowlands submarket. The third facility acquired was in the Indianapolis Airport submarket and was part of a joint venture liquidation and asset swap. These buildings were all 100% leased within markets where we expect strong market rent growth that will contribute to long-term IRRs well in excess of the assets we sold. From a strategic positioning standpoint, the net effect of our development, disposition and acquisition activity this quarter moves our coastal Tier 1 exposure to over 42% of GAV. We've begun marketing a few Midwestern assets leased to Amazon for outright sale, while certain assets leased to Amazon in other noncoastal Tier 1 markets may either be sold outright or contributed to a joint venture. In addition, the more recent news on disposition in last night's press release, that we are now marketing for sale our entire 5.2 million-square-foot St. Louis portfolio. The rationale on the sale is threefold. One, we are taking advantage of increased investor demand for logistics assets; two, the portfolio accelerates our strategic objective to increase our exposure to coastal Tier 1 markets; and three, it will provide a source of funds for our increasing development pipeline. As a result, we have raised the midpoint of our full year expected dispositions by $400 million. Altogether, we expect our planned 2021 disposition activity to be weighted toward the middle of the year. I will now turn our call over to Mark to discuss our financial results and guidance update.
Mark Denien: Thanks, Nick. Good afternoon, everyone. Core FFO for the quarter was $0.39 per share, which represents 18% growth over the first quarter of 2020. We've been saying for the last few quarters that we expected our core FFO growth rates to accelerate and begin to approach our already strong AFFO growth rates. The results from the current quarter and our revised guidance certainly reflect this. AFFO totaled $140 million for the quarter. Our best-in-class low level of capital expenditures, along with the strong NOI growth, continues to generate significant AFFO growth to reinvest into our business. Our best-in-sector rent collections continued in the first quarter of 2021 with more than 99.9% of rents collected. We have also collected more than 99.9% of April rents. And we now only have $52,000 under deferral arrangements remaining to be collected and had effectively no bad debt expense in the first quarter. Same-property NOI growth on a cash basis for the first quarter of 2021 compared to the first quarter of 2020 was 6.3%. The growth in same-property NOI was due to increased occupancy and rent growth as well as the burn-off of free rent compared to the first quarter of 2020. We do expect this growth to moderate for the remainder of the year based on tougher occupancy comps and less free rent burn-off, but to remain strong nonetheless. We finished the quarter with no outstanding borrowings on our own secured line of credit, which we renewed in March and extended through March of 2026, including our extension options. We reduced our borrowing rate by 10 basis points compared to the previous facility. As part of our commitment to corporate responsibility, the credit facility also includes an incremental reduction in borrowing costs as certain sustainability-linked metrics are achieved each year. Our future debt maturities are well sequenced with less than 3% of our total outstanding debt being scheduled to mature prior to the end of 2023. As a result of our strong start to 2021, we announced revised core FFO guidance for 2021 to a range of $1.65 to $1.71 per share compared to the previous range of $1.62 to $1.68 per share. The $1.68 per share midpoint of our revised core FFO guidance represents an over 10% increase over 2020 results. We also announced revised guidance for growth in AFFO on a share adjusted basis to range between 8.0% and 12.3%, with a midpoint of 10.1% compared to the previous range of 5.8% to 10.1%. This increased earnings growth expectation is impressive when considering we are increasing current-year disposition expectations by $400 million to fund development projects that will not contribute to earnings until 2022 and beyond. For same-property NOI growth on a cash basis, we've increased our guidance to a range of 4.1% to 4.9% from the previous range of 3.6% to 4.4%. We continue to outperform our underwriting assumptions for speculative developments, both in the timing of lease-up and in rental rates achieved, and continue to maintain a solid list of build-to-suit projects. Based on this, our revised guidance for development starts is between $950 million and $1.1 billion compared to the previous range of $700 million to $900 million. This increase in development starts will provide a key source of growth in 2022 and beyond. As Nick mentioned, we intend to take advantage of the investment sales market pricing to prefund a significant portion of our development pipeline with an increase in dispositions. Our guidance for dispositions has been revised to between $900 million and $1.1 billion compared to the initial range of $500 million to $700 million. We've updated a couple of other components of our guidance based on our more optimistic outlook as detailed in our range of estimates exhibit, including our supplemental information on our website. I'll now turn it back to Jim for a few closing remarks.
James Connor: Thank you, Mark. In closing, a strong economic recovery is unfolding, and numerous secular drivers are continuing to create unparalleled opportunities for our platform to capture growth from rising rental rates, high-margin development opportunities and from raising capital at a very low cost. We're very pleased with our team's execution in the first quarter and now with our expected double-digit growth in core FFO and AFFO. As long as these multiple tailwinds can sustain and as long as the economy continues to recover, we're optimistic we can achieve similar levels of growth for the foreseeable future, that are hopeful it should lead to corresponding increases in our annual quarterly dividend. Thank you for your interest and your support, and we will now open it up for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Don, you can open up the lines, and we'll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. First, we go on to the line of Blaine Heck.
Blaine Heck: I'll start with Nick. As you mentioned, you guys raised disposition guidance pretty significantly this quarter. Outside of St. Louis, are you guys selling any other portfolios? Or will the rest be more kind of one-off and the sale of the Amazon facilities? And then can you give us any sense of how much pricing has actually changed this year, especially in those kind of secondary markets where I'm assuming most of the dispositions will be?
Nicholas Anthony: Yes, Blaine. So most of the other assets are sort of one-offs, a couple of Class B, but mostly long-term credit deals, a lot of them leased to Amazon. So that makes up the rest of it. There's really no portfolios in that guidance number outside of the St. Louis portfolio. As far as pricing goes, we continue to see cap rate compression. It's - the secondary markets have compressed more recently than the coastal markets. But especially some of these Amazon assets, we've been very pleased with the pricing that we're seeing on those transactions as well. So I'd say, over the last 90 days, there's probably been another 25 bps on compression.
Blaine Heck: Great. That's really helpful. And then maybe for Jim. Several of your competitors have talked about the rising cost of construction now, not just from increasing land cost, but also the raw materials. Can you just talk about how you guys are dealing with that increase in cost and whether you think rents are rising fast enough to keep yields steady? Or maybe should we expect a temporary dip in yields as the material costs are temporarily elevated?
James Connor: Yes. Thanks, Blaine. I'll start and then Steve can give you a little color. We've been dealing with land prices escalating for a number of years now. So that's not anything out of the ordinary. Steel is the latest one, and a lot of people are talking about that. One of the advantages of being a national developer is, a, the number of relationships that we have, the leverage that we have and our team's ability to go out and accelerate some of the design and procurement. So sitting here today, we can comfortably tell you that we have the steel we need to finish everything that's in the development pipeline for the balance of the year. And I think Steve can give a little more color on what some of the local teams are doing.
Steven Schnur: Sure, Blaine. I would just tell you, steel is gaining a lot of headlines, lumber is another one. Land has - obviously, as Jim indicated, has been up significantly for a number of years. Rents are certainly keeping pace. Cap rates are helping. I think the bigger concern, I guess, or cautious thing that we pay attention to is the time frames. Steel is pushed from 10 to 12 weeks to probably 24 to 26 weeks. So more upfront cooperation with architects and tenants to get projects started to make sure you can deliver on time.
Operator: And next, we go on to the line of John Kim.
John Kim: On your spec developments, are you sensing that there's also increasing spec in your markets from public and private developers? And are there any markets where you're concerned that the spec development is escalating quickly?
James Connor: Sure. John Kim, I'll tell you, I think we're - there's competition everywhere. I do think the private players, particularly the larger private players, have been active on the merchant development front. Our focus and where we've got our landholdings in the high-barrier markets, I think we indicated in our release that 88% of our land is now in the coastal Tier 1 markets. The competition there, the vacancy rates there many times are less than 2%. So I think we're comfortable with that. I would tell you, in terms of markets we're concerned about our monitoring supply, there's always going to be a handful of submarkets scattered around. But Houston is the one that we - we have no intentions of starting any projects in Houston, but that market needs to shore itself up a bit.
John Kim: I know you gave your excuses on why you're exiting St. Louis, but why not go the joint venture routes in that market since that seems to be the strategy with some of the other markets?
Nicholas Anthony: This is Nick. The question was, why not JV the St. Louis assets? Generally, we have kept them work. We tried to keep our model more simplistic. And we don't think, strategically, a joint venture there would make as much sense and maybe in some other instances where you could grow it. I just don't know how you - what you would do with it going forward.
Operator: And next, we go on to the line of Manny Korchman.
Emmanuel Korchman: Maybe this one for Mark. Just thinking about using dispositions for capital funding for the developments versus issuing common stock here. What's sort of more attractive about selling the assets and exiting those markets than just growing through an equity raise?
Mark Denien: Well, I guess we're using a little bit of everything, Manny. I mean, we did issue a little bit on our ATM in the first quarter. I guess what I would say, and Nick can follow up on this, the St. Louis exit has sort of been on a list for a while. It's really more of an acceleration, something we were probably going to do down the road anyway. And as our development pipeline opportunities ramped up, we just kind of pulled forward some things that we're going to do anyway. But we'll continue to use a little bit of everything as long as our capital is attractively priced.
Nicholas Anthony: Yes. What I would add is this was an opportunity to basically improve our geography going forward and also improve our growth profile going forward just to make - to help improve performance in the future.
Emmanuel Korchman: And Nick, I don't know if we've talked about this in a little while, but just can you talk about the pricing differential between single assets or larger single assets and portfolios? Is there a pricing difference? And if so, are you looking at one more than the other?
Nicholas Anthony: Well, they're certainly - it's sort of a mixed bag. It's not as black and white as you might think. Obviously, the long-term credit deals are garnering very low cap rates. A lot of them are brand-new, new development. A lot of the portfolio deals that you see out there are a blend of Class A and Class B assets, and a lot of it depends on where the rents are in relation to market. So they generally trade at higher cap rates. And the buyer pool is not necessarily as deep on those because they're a little harder to underwrite and get your hands around. But it is sort of comparing apples and oranges there on those 2 different types.
Emmanuel Korchman: So - and then the second part of the question, are you more interested right now in buying some single assets in varied markets versus picking up a portfolio?
Nicholas Anthony: We - yes. Typically, on the acquisition side, we focused on 1 to 3 assets at a time because we want to focus on buying what we want, where we want it. So it complements our strategy. Typically, when we've done larger portfolios, we got lucky with the Bridge transaction several years ago because it's all where we wanted it. But typically, what happens on some of these portfolios is you get a lot of assets and locations that you wouldn't normally want to be in, and it creates a lot of friction and noise trying to reposition those portfolios after you get them.
Operator: And next, we're going to the line of Jamie Feldman.
James Feldman: Great. I think you had mentioned in your earlier comments about sales into a JV, if I heard that right. Can you talk more about the plans there? And is this something that you would keep as kind of a perpetual structure and continue to sell, kind of grow it? Or is this more one-off?
Nicholas Anthony: Yes. I mean, we're looking at all the different levers as far as monetizing assets. One of the things that we've talked about is managing our - being prudent about managing our Amazon exposure going forward because we continue to do a significant amount of business with them. And I think their exposure at the end of this quarter is right around 9%. And we'd probably rather be in the 4% to 7% range going forward on that. So there are some assets that maybe we don't want to sell outright because of where they are or what type of asset they are. And we may take advantage of a JV structure in that case. And then that might be something that we can use to monetize future assets similar to that going forward.
James Feldman: Okay. Any thoughts on like structure in terms of your stake versus a partner's stake and potential magnitude?
Nicholas Anthony: No. I think we're evaluating all that stuff. Obviously, we need to do something - a decent amount of monetization to make sense to manage the Amazon exposure. But we don't have any hard numbers in mind.
James Feldman: Okay. Have you started talking to partners?
Nicholas Anthony: Yes. We have - we had discussions, but we've always had discussions with partners over the time. We talked to a lot of our existing partners about this whole concept on a regular basis.
James Feldman: Okay. Will you consider more of like a fund structure? Or this is...
Nicholas Anthony: No. I mean - no. I think historically, we've used more of the JV structure. Could it be a JV with multiple partners? Maybe. But not necessarily a fund structure.
James Feldman: Okay. And then just as - here we are at kind of a unique time in the economy where things are picking up. Any anecdotes about kind of new types of tenants leasing space? Anything that kind of stands out from the quarter that might be different than what you've talked about in the past?
Steven Schnur: No, Jamie, this is Steve. I don't think so. I think 3PLs continue to be very, very active. And I think that's centered around e-commerce. It's also centered around the theme you've been hearing about for a while with inventory redundancy. So that's probably the most active. 3PLs have always been active, but I think right now is they've sort of taken over the lead by a wide margin over anyone else.
Operator: And next, we go on to the line of Nick Yulico.
Nicholas Yulico: Just a question on kind of your pricing strategy right now. Because it looks like your tenant retention has picked up this year versus last year. It's obviously a good thing for occupancy, raise that guidance. But I guess I'm just wondering how you're kind of approaching pricing discussions with renewals, whether you're willing to deal with a little bit more frictional vacancy there to push pricing in your portfolio.
Steven Schnur: Sure, Nick. This is Steve. Yes. We're - it's a case-by-case basis, but we are certainly pushing the envelope. I think this quarter, we did not have very much role on the coasts. So our results, which we were happy with on the rent growth side, I think there's some upward trajectory to what we'll do the rest of the year. We're continuing to push rents. We're having some difficult conversations. They aren't easy conversations, but we're willing to take some space back if we need to.
Nicholas Yulico: Okay. Just second question is on the development land, where I know you have - give a book basis, but 88% of that is your listing here as being in coastal Tier 1 markets. Maybe you could just give us some sort of perspective on how much - I know we keep hearing land prices are going up substantially. You have a very big Southern California land bank. Maybe just a little bit of perspective on where you think the land is really worth on a market basis for all of your land held for development.
Steven Schnur: Yes. We just looked at that. It's in the low 40s mark-to-market. So we have quite a bit of upside in our landholdings.
Nicholas Yulico: You said, sorry, it's about 40% higher than the book value?
Steven Schnur: The market value is, yes, over our book value. Correct.
Operator: And next, we go on to the line of Caitlin Burrows.
Caitlin Burrows: So you're obviously very active in development now. You started $800 million in 2020, and 2021 guidance is for over $1 billion at the midpoint. So I was just wondering, do you believe there is runway for the '21 volumes to continue and that's from both a demand perspective and also your ability to get land and complete projects in the target markets?
James Connor: Yes, Caitlin, I would tell you, as I kind of tried to reference in my closing remarks, if the economy continues to recover, as it certainly is indicating it has, and we're able to achieve the kind of GDP growth in the second half of the year that most of the leading banks are projecting, yes, we think next year is going to be a very, very good year. And we should have ample opportunity to do a comparable level of volume.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. Great. And then I think just following up on one of the recent questions on the key assumptions that you guys have at the end of the supplement. It does mention that you're willing to push rents at the expense of some occupancy, which I think makes sense given high occupancy. But we haven't yet seen that play out in the leasing spread. So obviously, they're high, but versus last quarter or even a year ago, not as high. So just wondering, do you think we should expect to see the leasing spreads rise in the near future? Or would that take a little bit longer to play out?
Mark Denien: Let me start that, Caitlin. This is Mark. One thing we've been talking a lot about where the leases we have that are rolling where they're located, over 40% of our NOI now are in the coastal markets. This quarter, it just so happened that only about 10% of our roll was in the coastal markets. So I think that we're still very happy with 12% plus or minus cash and almost 30 gap when 90% of that roll were in noncoastal markets. You won't see us get to the 40% roll that our portfolio looks like for a few years down the road. But I think you will see us pushing closer to 20% to 25% of our roll. For the next year, 1.5 years, we'll start to be more in those coastal markets. So that does give us the opportunity to get those rates up even higher than what they were this quarter. I don't know if Steve wants to add anything to that. But just a little point on where the - I think it's important to know where the roll was. And when 90% of our noncoastal markets we still achieve those numbers, we're pretty happy with that.
Operator: And next, we're going to the line of Vince Tibone.
Vince Tibone: Could you discuss how your market rent growth expectations this year differ between coastal market, Tier 1, noncoastal markets and the remainder of your portfolio?
James Connor: Sure. Vince, I'll take a stab. I'll tell you, I think there's - clearly, the numbers that get published are on a macro basis. You really need to dig into the individual submarkets. I think some of the high-barrier infill coastal markets are pushing high single-digit rent growth, if not double digit. I think in the center part of the country, where you have less barriers to supply, you're probably in the lower single digits. That probably averages out to that 6% to 7% rent growth that we've been seeing from CBRE. So I don't know if that - hopefully, that answers your question. There is obviously discrepancy by availability of supply.
Vince Tibone: That's really helpful. And just any difference between some of the coastal markets like New Jersey versus SoCal, anyone standing out? Or are they kind of similar in this high single-digit range?
James Connor: I think the two markets you indicated are extremely active, very low vacancy rates, very little new supply being added that's not being absorbed quickly. And so those two markets are doing really well. I think Seattle continues to perform well. There was - I'd say Northern California had a bit of a slowdown. I think it was more affected, COVID-related, but seems to be coming back pretty strong with what we have there.
Vince Tibone: Got it. I think that's really helpful. If I could squeeze one more in. Can you just provide a little color on the pricing and marketing process on the Houston dispositions? Just curious, given some of the challenges in that market, how does that differ from some of the other dispositions you're marketing?
Nicholas Anthony: Vic, this is Nick. You said Houston dispositions?
Vince Tibone: Yes. Just curious if that - we've seen weaker demand there, weaker pricing compared to some of the other regions.
Nicholas Anthony: Fortunately for us, they were long-term leases with Amazon, so it was a great experience. The buyer pools were very deep, and the pricing was very good, like we're seeing across the country. So that was obviously the reason why those went well for us.
Vince Tibone: Got it. And is Houston a long-term hold for you? Or is that something you could potentially consider exiting as well similar to St. Louis?
Nicholas Anthony: No. I think we're cognizant of our exposure there, but we have no plans to exit Houston in the future. So we just keep an eye on it and manage it.
Operator: And next, we go on to the line of Mike Mueller.
Michael Mueller: Two quick ones here. First, what's the difference between the Amazon assets that you're looking to sell outright versus what you would consider to put in the JV? And then second, when you're thinking about your in-process development pipeline, is there a max level or some sort of cap that you want to stay under?
Nicholas Anthony: Mike, this is Nick. I'll take the first part, and I'm sure Steve will take the second part. In terms of what we're looking to sell outright versus joint venture, it's primarily location-driven for the most part. Generally, it's the growth profile of the asset. So if it's an asset that has a good embedded rent growth and a market that has good prospective rent growth going forward, we're probably more likely to put it in the JV versus sell it outright. So that's generally how we've looked at it. And then the second part of your question...
Steven Schnur: Yes. The second part of your question on the development opportunities, obviously, developing at the margins we are, the more we can do, the better. I think we pay attention to what our exposure is relative to the overall size of our company, and we're at roughly 9% now. I think we'd start to get nervous if we were 12%, 13%, something like that.
Operator: And next, we go on to the line of Dave Rodgers.
David Rodgers: Steve, maybe a question on lease rate growth. You talked about it by geography, but maybe just some color on the size and what you're seeing in terms of the rate growth across core portfolio in the last quarter or so.
Steven Schnur: Yes, Dave, this is Steve. You're a little broken up, but I think you asked about lease rates by size and maybe location. I would tell you, for us, again, the portfolio that we operate, our best-performing size segment this past quarter was 100 million to 250 million. I think historically, going back the last, call it, 6 or 8 quarters, it'd be - I would tell you, it's tended to be better on larger size. So I would expect that to be the case this year based on the demand we're seeing. It's hard with 1 quarter into the year to read much into that. But for us, the large-size segment continues to be the most active.
David Rodgers: Great. And then I think coming into - and sorry, I do have a bad connection, but I think coming into the year, you guys have talked about losing some tenants early on that would roll out. Obviously, you had a little bit of that. But did that all hit in the first quarter? Do we expect to see any of that moving into the second quarter? Or were you guys just successful at kind of stepping in and backfilling a lot of those leases fairly quickly to start the year?
Mark Denien: Yes, Dave, this is Mark. Yes, at the end of last year on the January call, I guess, we talked about 4 or 5 tenants. And I guess, first off, I'd say these were not significant tenants, but there were 4 or 5, we were basically in the process of trying to get evicted and re-tenant that space. So the good news is all of that space has been backfilled. In fact, a couple of those tenants actually got current on their rent and went through some M&A transactions themselves. Got current, they're going to stay in the space after all. Another couple of them, the other half, I would say, we've now got out of the space. We've got leases signed to backfill it. There probably will be some downtime in rent here in the second quarter, but the leases are all signed, and we should be back up full running with better rents and better credit obviously come Q3.
Operator: And next, we go on to the line of Rich Anderson.
Richard Anderson: So I wanted to ask about the Amazon commentary, obviously, selling to get your percentage down. What is - what's scary about 12% Amazon? I mean, I could think of a lot worse tenants to be - have a 12% exposure, too. I mean, is that coming - kind of who's driving that decision? Is it just intuitive about your part or participants in Duke Realty outside of you that want to - whether the rating agencies, I don't know who it could be, are sort of driving a decision to lose some of that concentration? Or is it just a natural observation on your part?
James Connor: Well, Rich, it's Jim. I'll start out and give you my perspective. Nick can chime in. I sleep very well at night with the amount of Amazon exposure we have, given their credit profile and their growth. But part of it is input from the rating agencies and managing that. Part of it is, as Steve alluded to earlier, we have a very active development and leasing pipeline with Amazon. So left unfettered, that number is just going to continue to grow at a very, very rapid pace. And what Nick's guys are able to do, as he detailed to one of the earlier questions, is pull out the assets that have probably the lowest escalations, are in the markets where we have the least amount of upside, so to speak, and select those for outright sales and some for the joint venture. And some are in the infill markets that we work really, really hard to get a hold of. And those are incredibly valuable assets, and we want to hold those for the long term. So Nick, you can add [indiscernible].
Nicholas Anthony: Yes, I think that's right. And we're just - we're trying to be prudent in our diversification of our overall portfolio in terms of assets, geography and tenant exposure. So we're just trying to maintain a good balance.
Richard Anderson: Yes, I understand. I'm just being [indiscernible].
Nicholas Anthony: Yes. We're not afraid of it.
Richard Anderson: Yes. Okay. And then second question is perhaps a little somber one with the events in Indianapolis at the FedEx facility. I just wonder if there was any response from the community of industrial real estate owners about enhanced security or anything. I don't know what you could have really done, but I'm just curious if there was any necessary reaction on the part of not just you, but your peers.
James Connor: Yes, Rich, I'll make a couple of high-level comments. I will tell you that the amount of interaction that our local operating teams have had with our tenants, starting well over a year ago in helping them manage COVID protocols and enhancing the environment for the safety of their associates. Second, the work that we've done with our own people in the development of our buildings because the number of people that we have on site when we're building a building. So those increased protocols and safety in general. So I won't say that any of it is in reaction to horrible events like what we saw at the FedEx facility. But I will tell you, the amount of interaction on all of those subjects with our tenants is probably double today from what it was 18 months ago.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Next, we go on to the line of Brent Dilts.
Brent Dilts: Great. In the prepared remarks, you made some comments on inventory to sales levels. So could you talk about how large a safety stock buffer might ultimately get built in? 5% to 10% is frequently thrown about. So I'm just curious what you guys think.
Steven Schnur: Yes. I think - well, I would tell you, we read the same research reports that you guys do, and I think 5% to 10% seems to be what everyone talks about, which translates somewhere in the neighborhood of 0.5 billion square feet of demand. We see cases of it every day now, where we're talking to - whether it's retailers, e-commerce groups, a lot of the 3PL activity. Transportation costs are going to rise significantly with the new administration and a lot of things going on. And I think you're going to see more distribution to offset transportation costs, more distribution points around the country to offset transportation costs. We're seeing some of the production start to move back to North America and Central America, which I think will lead to more suppliers needing space here. So as Jim indicated, a lot of tailwinds in our back right now.
James Connor: Yes, Brent, I would just add just one other point. Even the impact of the incident at the Suez Canal, and while that doesn't necessarily impact logistics and shipping to the U.S., it just reinforces the need for these major companies to have additional safety stock because of the vulnerability we all have, given incidents that can happen anywhere in the globe. So this is not a passing trend. This is something that we're going to deal with, obviously, very positive for our sector, but for the next 2 to 3 years.
Brent Dilts: Yes. Okay. And then just one other one on dispositions. I know you already talked about pricing, but could you talk about buyer types in the market? Are you seeing anything interesting as far as like a shift in domestic versus international or investment firms versus peers, things like that?
Nicholas Anthony: Yes. This is Nick. We have seen a change there. Obviously, a lot of the normal usual suspects we see in the bidder pools. But we've also seen a lot of new names pop up. Some of them are high net worth family offices. Some of them are sovereign-based, Spanish, Latin America, what have you. Some of them are rotating - or a lot of these are rotating out of other asset classes into our asset class. So there is an increased investor base that's looking for these assets in these bidder pools, for sure.
Operator: And next, we go on to the line of Jason Idoine.
Jason Idoine: Just touching on one of the points that you just brought up. So you talked about some of the repatriation that could happen with manufacturing and production and people bringing some of that back to the United States, I guess. Is that activity picking up significantly? Or how has that been trending more recently?
Steven Schnur: Yes. Jason, this is Steve. There's - I think we're starting to see some of that. Obviously, that takes a long time when you're talking about changing production from China to other locations. But you're starting to see some headlines. I know Walmart had a recent announcement about some of the production they're trying to bring back. And it may not be manufacture of goods, but the way goods are assembled, the way they're packaged, coming back, reshoring. So I know Northern Mexico, we don't operate there. But obviously, our Texas folks and California folks deal with goods coming in from there. That activity has been pretty significant. You talked to some of the folks in those markets, and that activity is starting to hit in Northern Mexico right now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And there are no more questions in queue.
James Connor: Thanks, Don. I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to engaging with many of you throughout the rest of the year. Don, you may disconnect the line.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Conferencing Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-26 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Prologis Q4 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Amy, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Tracy Ward. Tracy, please begin.
Tracy Ward: Thanks, Amy. And good morning everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2020 earnings conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filings. Additionally, our fourth quarter result's press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA, that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. This morning, we'll hear from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results and real-time market conditions as well as guidance. Hamid Moghadam, Gary Anderson, Chris Caton, Mike Curless, Dan Letter, Ed Nekritz, Gene Reilly and Colleen McEwan are also here with us today. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. Tom, will you please begin.
Thomas Olinger: Thank you, Tracy. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our call today. I want to begin by acknowledging our team and their great work this past year. In an incredibly challenging year, our accomplishments were significant and possible because of the work we've done over the last 10 years building the best-in-class portfolio that is critical to today's supply chain and centered on our customers. During the year we closed on $17 billion of M&A, further fortified our balance sheet with lower rates in line of maturities generated over $1.1 billion of free cash flow after dividends and importantly, continue to deliver sector-leading earnings growth. Since the merger in 2011, our earnings CAGR of 9.5% without promotes has outperformed the other logistics REITs by more than 350 basis points annually. This is the result of the unique business model which has consistently outperformed year-after-year. Turning to our view of the operating environment. Our proprietary data shows that the strong demand we experienced in the third quarter has continued, globally leases signed in the fourth quarter were a record 65 million square feet or more than 1 million square feet per business day. This was driven by new leasing, which rose 22% year-over-year on a size-adjusted basis. Broad range of customers signed new leases in the fourth quarter led by consumer products, food and beverage, electronics and health care segments. E-commerce activity accounted for 19.8% of new leasing. The need for speed and flexibility is also reflected in elevated short-term leasing which was up 58% in the quarter as 3PL, retail and transportation customers raised to secure space ahead of the holidays. Lease proposals remain at healthy levels. In the U.S., fourth quarter net absorption was the highest under record at 100 million square feet and in excess of new supply of 90 million square feet. Rents in our markets grew by 3.2% with all the growth coming in the back half of 2020, we anticipate rents to grow by approximately 5% in 2021. Houston is the only U.S. market on our watch list. As a reminder, we moved to Atlanta and Central Pennsylvania from our list in the second quarter. In 2021, we expect supply to decline year-on-year balanced with demand at 280 million square feet each. Conditions are also healthy in our other markets across the globe. In Europe, rents begin to rise in the fourth quarter and we expect 2.5% of additional growth in 2021, led by Northern Europe and the U.K. The implications of Brexit have been largely positive for us as we anticipated 4 years ago and Brexit was first announced. Inventory disaggregation will eventually lead to higher inventory levels in both the U.K. and the continent. We're watching new supply in Poland and Spain, but for context, these two markets account for just 1.7% of our share of NOI. In Tokyo and Osaka, historic high levels to supply are being met with very strong demand. Over two-third of the development pipeline is already pre-leased and we expect market vacancies to remain below 2%. For China, suppliers moderating even as the market remains soft. In our portfolio, we leased a record 10 million square feet in the second half of the year, a credit to the great work of our new China leadership team. Turning to valuations. Our logistics portfolio posted the largest sequential increase in a decade, rising 5% in the U.S. and globally and are now nearly 6% above pre-pandemic levels. Applying this increase to our $142 billion owned and managed portfolio, we estimate the value of our real estate rose by $7 billion in the fourth quarter. We expect continued fundamental improvement in 2021 and beyond, based on three drivers, first, a powerful economic recovery including the highest GDP growth in the U.S. in more than two decades. The combination of corporate and personal savings as well as significant governmental stimulus, is a loaded spring which will translate to significant economic growth in the back half as the vaccines continue to roll out. Second, the pandemic accelerates the retail revolution. The e-commerce penetration rate jumped 480 basis points to 20% of goods sold in the U.S. in 2020. Based on early reports, e-commerce holiday sales grew by at least 30%. While we expect the share of goods purchased online to grow further, a pause later this year would not surprise us, as consumers expand spending on services and experiences over goods. Our customers continue to plan for a long-term, retooling supply chains for increased, they should generate a cumulative incremental demand of 200 million square feet or more over the next several years. Third we expect higher inventory levels. Inventory to sales ratios remain near all-time lows. We believe that's had an impact on our customer space utilization as it ticked down to 83% in the fourth quarter. We see early signs of inventory restocking as containerized import volumes in the U.S. rose 24% in November and are on pace to set a quarterly record. Longer term, the need for more resilient supply chains will lead to higher inventory levels. We estimate that a 5% increase in inventory levels will produce incremental demand of nearly 300 million square feet in the U.S. alone. These changes will take years to play out, driving strong long-term demand. Turning to results, the work we've done to create the best-in-class portfolio, scale, and lowest cost structure in the industry is delivering exceptional financial results. 2020 core FFO excluding promotes grew by 14% and came in at the high end of our range at $3.58 per share. We also recognized record net promote income of $0.22 per share. Net effective rent change on rollover in the fourth quarter was 28% led by the U.S. at 32.1%, both high watermarks for the year. Our in-place to market rent spread now stands at 12.8%, up about 60 basis points sequentially. Collections continue to outpace 2019 level and as of this morning, we collected over 99% of fourth quarter rents and over 95% of January. Bad debt was 42 basis points for the quarter and 43 basis points for the year, both below our expectation. Our share of cash same-store NOI growth was 3% and led by the U.S. at 3.5%. We made a meaningful progress on the sale of non-strategic assets acquired from Liberty. We set all disputes related to the construction of the Philadelphia Four Seasons Hotel and the Comcast Technology Center. We completed the disposition of our 20% ownership interest in the hotel and the previously announced portfolio in the U.K. To date, we have sold more than $600 million of former Liberty assets, exceeding our underwritten value by more than 80%. We now have a less than $400 million of former Liberty non-logistics assets remaining consisting primarily of our interest in the Comcast headquarters. For strategic capital, our team raised $3.1 billion in 2020 with 40% from new investors we have yet to meet in person. Market and property tours as well as due diligence activities were all conducted virtually as our team capitalize on our early investments in digital infrastructure. Our balance sheet remains the best in the industry with liquidity and combined leverage capacity between Prologis and our open-ended vehicle of more than $13 billion. Our capital markets activity in the quarter brought our total average interest rate down to 2%. We will look for additional opportunities to refinance at attractive rates. In fact, at current interest rates and our mix of currencies, we could issue 10-year debt at a blended all-in rate of 1%. Turning to our guidance for 2021, here are the key components on our share basis. We expect cash same-store NOI growth to range between 3.5% to 4.5%. We're estimating bad debt expense to range between 20 and 40 basis points of gross revenues and average occupancy for our operating portfolio to range between 95.5% and 96.5%. We expect a seasonal occupancy drop in the first quarter then trend higher as the year progresses. For strategic capital, we expect revenue excluding promotes to range between $435 million and $450 million. Promote revenue will be negligible in 2021. In fact we'll have net promote expenses of $0.02 per share for the year, which relates to the amortization of costs from prior period promotes. Our historic net promote income in average approximately 20 basis points for third-party AUM, which would be $0.06 to $0.07 of earnings per share based on current promotable AUM. Looking ahead, recent property appreciation leads us to expect net promote income per share in 2022 to be at or above this historic average. We expect to start between $2.3 billion and $2.7 billion in new development with 45% new leases and for stabilizations to range between $1.9 billion and $2.1 billion. Dispositions will range between $1 billion and $1.4 billion with the majority expected to close in the first half of 2021. We are forecasting net deployment uses of $350 million at the midpoint and as a result, our leverage remains effectively flat in 2021. Putting this altogether, we expect core FFO, including the $0.02 of net promote expense to range between $3.88 to $3.98 per share. Core FFO excluding promotes will range between $3.90 and $4 per share with year-over-year growth at the midpoint of more than 10% delivering another year of exceptional growth. We entered 2021 with optimism and confidence, our ability to deliver value for our customers beyond real estate using our unmatched purchasing power and significant investments in technology, innovation and data are significant competitive advantages that will drive further our performance. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Caitlin Burrows: Your guidance for 2021 on development services almost 20% higher in terms of last year. So could you just go through what the balance of build-to-suit in speculative development and how much kind of visibility do you have on that, could it be increased further there?
Eugene Reilly: Yes, Caitlin. This is Gene. I'll take that question. And you are breaking up a little bit, but I think you're talking about the development activity in the coming year. So this year, about 85% of what we're guiding to are main transactions. So, we have very few placeholders. And as Tom mentioned, we're 45% build-to-suit in the forecast and it is really difficult to forecast how that's going to play out. But if there is a bias, it probably is to the upside. But at this point, we're comfortable with the forecast.
Caitlin Burrows: And probably better but sorry if I'm still breaking out. And then if I could ask just second. Just, Tom, you mentioned that short-term leasing was up. So just wondering how did the short-term leases compared to regular leases in terms of points and rents and the thought process on competing those versus longer-term leases?
Eugene Reilly: Thanks, Caitlin. You broke up a little bit there. But I think just how the - our bond process runs short-term we think. I think we're going to continue to see short-term leasing probably stay at elevated levels, just given the tightness of the market and the need for customers to act and move quickly as we get into 2021. I hope that addresses your question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks for taking the questions. So maybe just first one going to the core guidance, same-store NOI guidance. If we sort of look at your components with the occupancy, on average, slight uptick, escalators, which I'm assuming 2.5%, 3% bumps that you're going to get from expiration, rent expiring. Seems to me that if I put all that together, you should be kind of well, if not well above, but above 4%. So, I'm just wondering if you can walk us through maybe what the puts are there and what would get you to the bottom end of that range?
Thomas Olinger: Yes. The simplest way to look at it for same-store in 2021 is it's all driven primarily by rent change on roll. So think about 25% roll and - I'm sorry, 15% lease roll, and from a GAAP perspective, think about 25%-ish rent change on roll. And as you mentioned, occupancy and bad debt are pretty consistent, don't move much year-over-year, so that drives the GAAP same-store. From a cash perspective, think about that same 15%, we'll call it 12-ish percent rent change on roll, you're going to see bumps from around 3.25% on the portfolio in place and then you'll see a little bit of normal free rent out of that. But those components should get you right near the midpoint of our guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Feldman: Thank you. I was hoping to take a step back a little bit and just get your perspectives on the election and what do you think it might mean in terms of policy or tentative reaction or customer reaction to just kind of new leadership in terms of what you think might change for warehouse demand, whether certain markets look more interesting? Or any themes or trends you think we should be watching? And I guess, thinking about the Biden's Buy America plan, wondering what your thoughts are on that as well? Thank you.
Thomas Olinger: Sure, Jamie. I'll take a stab at that. I think the most significant near-term thing is going to be the infrastructure spending and that will have a positive effect on demand for our product. With respect to Buy U.S. first and all, we had that in the previous administration but if you actually look at the numbers, they don't support the newspaper headlines. So, we don't think there's going to be a material change in that because we haven't had any of that in the last four years either in. That was pretty much the same, same promoted policy. But the big drivers of our business is not necessarily economic policy. It's just the mix of consumption between bricks and mortar and e-commerce and the underlying growth rate of the economy, which should be very strong bouncing from a down year basically, and recovering all of that in 2021. So, we think those are the two big drivers. And economic policy will be affected a little bit around the edges but not the main driver.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: I guess I wanted to take Tom's comment about the 65 million square feet of leasing in the quarter, which is exceptionally strong. And maybe just look at Page 4 of the supplemental where you have that chart that shows new lease proposals and then the space utilization. And I'm just trying to kind of square the proposals with kind of the strong leasing and then just curious why the utilization figure is trending downward and maybe not upward?
Thomas Olinger: Actually I'm going to take that. It's pretty simple. People are running out of inventory because they haven't pre-positioned enough inventory in the system to support the level of activity. And remember, we need more inventory in the online channel than we do in the offline channel. And one of the big issues with inventories is that we can't get the containers back to China. And so, actually, we could support a much higher utilization and lower levels of stock-outs, but that's what's going on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John Kim: Thanks. Good morning. In the fourth quarter, your development starts ramped up with a lower expected development margin of 23% despite lower build-to-suit activity this quarter. Can you just comment on this dynamic and if we could run rate going forward on margins?
Eugene Reilly: Yes. This is Eugene. I'll take that. So, you are going to see and have seen for the past several years that our forecasted margins are quite a bit lower than our margins historically because these are underwritten margins. Now, we have been beating these margins for a variety of reasons, rent growth, cap rate compression. So I would expect and I think we'll retain this for a long time that you will see over time margins will normalize. But that really depends on what the future cap rate environment looks like.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Yulico: Thank you. I was hoping you could just talk a little bit about expectations for rent growth in the different regions and this year? And maybe you can break that up, if you see a difference between gateway distribution markets versus multi-market distribution, city distribution and Last Touch?
Chris Caton: Hi, Nick. It's Chris here. Yes, we expect U.S. rent growth to be 5% in 2020 and a little bit better than 4% globally. In terms of the different product types, look, we highlighted a couple of geographies that we expect to outperform, for example, the UK and Northern Europe. And in United States, we've had a combination of the major Last Touch city distribution markets as well as some gateway distribution markets outperforming. I'm thinking New York, New Jersey, I'm thinking Toronto and Southern California. And they outperformed in 2020 and we expect them to outperform in 2021.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Derek Johnston: I would like to hear more about the evolving demand and leasing dynamics in the European portfolio. And really specifically, when it comes to occupancy, which until last year was a bit of a headwind, it was slipping every quarter starting back in 4Q '18, now admittedly from a high point. But how do things feel on the ground in Europe? Have off-nets in fact stabilized and can we expect growth from here? I mean, I believe this is the first positive year-over-year comp in six quarters. Thanks.
Thomas Olinger: Yes. That may be the case in terms of the math I've read. Europe is generally a more balanced market than the U.S. Demand and supply seem to move in sync together and generally vacancy rates are lower. The two exceptions are probably I would say, the big exception is Poland. And from time-to-time you get Spain sort of moving up to that volatile end of the market, but the rest of Europe is very well occupied. So it's really the volume of rollovers in Poland and Spain that drive that balance and occupancy on the margin. But throughout, our occupancies in Europe have been higher than the rest of our portfolio and in the U.S. anyway.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Emmanuel Korchman with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Emmanuel Korchman: Hamid, maybe this is one for you. Do you think that the Exeter ETT deal announced this morning provides any read through to your private capital business?
Hamid Moghadam: Well, I think our private capital business continues to be undervalued by the street. All you got to do is look at the comps of publicly traded investment management firms and once you consider the fact that well over 90% of our assets are in infinite life vehicles and they generate significant promotes from time to time, and that our margins keep on increasing. I think that multiple should be in the low 20s. But I think most of the NAV models that I see are in the low teens or maybe even 10. So I think the street continues so undervalue that business. Would it be worth more if we crystallize that value in a trans - very specific transaction? Sure. But is it worth the headache on a company that has a $140 billion of assets to move around the value by $0.50 or bucket share? Probably not. So, we think there is upside to our NAV from our Investment Management business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Carroll: Can you provide some color on tenant - the tenant demand you're seeing? I mean, I know in the beginning of the year, in the middle of the year, a lot of the demand - or Amazon specifically has been extremely active. And have you seen or do you expect to see that tenant interest to broaden out more meaningfully as we move into 2021?
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, let me start it then and then Mike can give you more color. But we think demand is pretty broad, I mean, sure e-commerce gets a lot of the headlines, because on the margin that is the source of new demand, but there is plenty of demand from other sectors that continues and forms a strong base. And within the e-commerce sector, of course Amazon is the biggest player, so they get a lot of play. But remember, Amazon is more in change of our total ABR and there are lots of other tenants that are doing well. In fact, I would say everybody is pretty much doing well with the exception of the uses that support hospitality like convention, exhibition, people and things of that nature. The rest of the market is pretty, pretty strong. Mike, you want to provide more color on that?
Michael Curless: Yes, let's look at it in traditional leasing and in build-to-suits. On the leasing front their fourth quarter performance sort of normalized compared to typical Amazon numbers with us after a robust Amazon activity in quarters two and three. But the message there is, there's plenty of other companies' broad base that are driving traditional e-com leasing and I think that speaks to the philosophy going forward. And then on the build-to-suit side, yes, Amazon was very active. We did six build-to-suits with them in the quarter and call it 10 for the year out of 28. However, there was a ton of restructuring well underway with the home improvement folks, food and beverage, healthcare, well underway with restructuring pre COVID. Perhaps they took a couple of months pause during COVID but man they're coming back with a vengeance and marching forward with those restructurings. And so while we'll see plenty of Amazon, I am really encouraged the other uses. We just signed a big lease with Kraft about a month ago, and working with a ton of brand names next year, we'll be happy to talk more about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Mailman: Maybe a follow-up to an earlier question, but I think last year we were talking about the cadence potentially of development stabilizations given kind of the build-up of starts in the resurgence there. And I'm just kind of curious, it looks, year-over-year like that pace of stabilizations is expected to slow. Is there something going on there that changed that outlook?
Hamid Moghadam: Well, the only thing I can think of is that we deferred some starts immediately when COVID hit, because we didn't know what kind of environment we were in. But we've essentially restarted most if not all of those things and will be restarting them. So I think we just got that pushed out, but the volume that's behind it is very significant. So I would say the total level of stabilizations will be increased in the next couple of years beyond what it would have been and what our expectations would have been certainly at the beginning of COVID. But I would say even more than our expectations at the beginning of the year - beginning of last year prior to COVID.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Catherwood with BTIG. Let's proceed with your question.
Thomas Catherwood: I want to go back to something Chris had mentioned about above average rent growth for last touch assets, which makes a lot of sense. Obviously, we understand the supply-constrained nature of industrial markets in major cities, but it seems like nowadays every real estate developer is an industrial developer and especially in New York City. We're seeing a big jump in infill industrial projects. Could this jump in development activity create a supply-demand imbalance and potentially put the brakes on rent growth for some of your last touch assets?
Hamid Moghadam: It could, but I think what's going on in New York and elsewhere is that there is a lot of price discovery, nobody really knows what the ability to pay is for some of these customers and in all of these locations, we underestimated the rental value. So at least for the time being, all the price discovery has been good and the other thing you should take into account is that in these infill locations, you've got to have a lot of developers, but you're not going to have a lot more land or buildings that can be rehabilitated. So I think you'll see it in terms of pressure on pricing of those assets, more than you would see on absolute supply because the supply is pretty inelastic aspects and will show up in price.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Blaine Heck: I was hoping to get a little bit more color on the investment sales market and your interest in acquisitions? There have been several large portfolios in the U.S. specifically that have traded either in the second half of last year or early on this year and I know you guys typically are looking at anything sizable that hits the market. So without getting into specifics, unless you want to, can you just talk about what kept you on the sidelines in these situations with the pricing and underwriting being stretched. Is it more of the geographic footprint that just doesn't overlap enough or maybe it's just your focus on - more on development at this point? Any color there would be helpful.
Hamid Moghadam: So all of the above. Let me give you a quick answer and Gene will fill in the blanks. We are not good buyers of core real estate auction by a brokerage house where there are 55 people showing up at the margin, a lot of these people have to build up their industrial capability and everybody is trying to get into that business because the other property types don't offer very many opportunities. So, those kind of just looking it out on price, is not our business. So that means that building out our land bank, doing value-added acquisitions where we can bring our leasing and operational expertise to the table, deals that are Hairy, et cetera, et cetera, but general framework for looking at deals is returns, how we can differentiate and have a competitive advantage and also in the case of portfolio deals, what that fit is if we have to buy 100 buildings and sell 90 of them, that's probably not a very attractive transaction for us. So the other thing I would just mention is that you meant - you posed the question in a sense that we're only going after big deals. We do a lot of $5 million only deals too, they just don't show up. So we're there looking at pretty much everything that moves out there and we're there with offers on most if not all of the ones that meet our quality standards, but thankfully in a lot of those core situations, we lose. So we're good with that. We're on the selling side of the lot of those transactions as well.
Eugene Reilly: Yes. I just had a couple of things. I mean last year we had 300 matters go through Investment Committee. So it means that we look at a range of deal sizes and we look at every single deal. Every single deal, we will underwrite it, look at it. We are bit picky on quality that's an explanation. And we were - we execute when it makes sense for us, but I wouldn't read into this that we're uninterested.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Rodgers with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Dave Rodgers: Tom, I wanted to follow up on you said earlier a larger percentage of short-term leases I think in the fourth quarter, but we did see leave economics around just a little bit marginal, but we see it happen. I'm wondering if the economics were just a delay from COVID era or if you're going to be [indiscernible] are heading right amount of lease economics for the same lease have gone. [technical difficulty] 250,000 to 500,000 square feet boxes, really offset it with gain 1 to 255 range. Is this having an impact on the economics. I'm trying to figure really economics are going, and what's driving that is kind of economic occupancy trends.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, Dave. I'll take both of those. On the first one, remember leases less than one year are excluded from our leasing metrics that's consistent of what we do across our - the agreement we have with our - the other logistics around metrics. So that is what's happening is if you're looking at turnover costs, it's the higher mix of new leasing versus renewals. We saw that in Q3, we saw in Q4 and that is what is driving turnover costs slightly higher this quarter and same story last quarter. And then regarding economics, I wouldn't look at - yeah, we did see space sizes under 100,000 square feet and it actually went up 100 basis points. But I wouldn't look at the other segments they are quite strong. I think that's just some activity that happened at quarter end and its noise and all segments are doing quite well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Frankel: This might be related to blend or a question just about capital allocation. But you mentioned that you saw most of the non-industrial assets from Liberty portfolio, but looks like your held for sale portfolio is still somewhat elevated, so maybe you can talk about the pace of those sales going forward. And then secondly, we're on the operating portfolio looking at Bay Area occupancy went down about 300 basis points of sale quarter-over-quarter. So maybe just comment on how the local economic environment there is affecting industrial demand. Thank you.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, on the pace of sales, we mentioned with our need for capital - we're - depending on how you measure it 19%-20% levered. So we don't want to dilute ourselves and those assets are doing nothing other than appreciating. So we'll be - we'll take our time with respect to selling the industrial assets and we'll match them with our capital needs, self-funding model. With respect to the Bay Area, my general comment and Gene may want to say more about this is that the Bay Area is soft. There is no question that the Bay Area - after almost a decade of straight lineup has gotten pretty hit - pretty hard in this downturn. So I would say it is softer than LA in a big way and - but the good news is that there has been so much rental appreciation that even as these leases expire, we still in many cases are rolling them up to market, to market is just not as high as it would have been say a year ago.
Eugene Reilly: Yes Eric. The only thing I'd add on, San Francisco, agree with everything Hamid said and one thing to keep in mind vacancy is 6%-6.5% in the San Francisco Bay area. So it isn't as if you have weak conditions on top of a very high vacancy rate. So we're watching it and obviously the performance is very much disconnected with the - with LA, but fundamentally vacancies are not dead right now.
Hamid Moghadam: One other thing I would say about the Bay Area. I think the number is 10 million square feet, maybe 12 million square feet has been taken out of supply in the last five years or so, and that trend continues because we're competing land uses just gobble up industrial. So actually it's one of those markets where supply in the core Bay Area submarkets is actually going down. It's been converted to - life science has been converted to apartments, all kinds of other things.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Dilts with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Brent Dilts: Occupancy globally saw a nice improvement in 4Q, but could you talk about what drove the strong rebound in ending occupancy in Asia specifically.
Hamid Moghadam: We got a new team in place in China that has been very aggressive in leasing space and the vast majority of our expect vacancy in China was our vacancy in the company in the spec basis was in China and we're addressing that. And the new team is doing a fabulous job.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jonathan Petersen with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Petersen: Yes Hamid, I was hoping maybe you pick up on what you were just talking about with the Bay Area and maybe just think more broadly I'm just looking at your top four markets in the U.S., Southern California, New York-New Jersey, Bay Area and Chicago, obviously places that through the pandemic have seen decent outflows of people into the Southeast so - I realize the supply is constrained in those markets. So I'm just thinking in terms of incremental investment going forward. I mean do we expect more investment in places like Dallas and Atlanta and Florida, places that are benefiting demographically or do you think you kind of expect things go back to how they were?
Hamid Moghadam: Look I think all of the markets that you mentioned were running so far above trend for a decade and that had created so many imbalances that I actually think it's pretty good to take a breather for some of those markets. No, I don't really think California's falling into the ocean. There are a lot of people in the middle of the country cheering for that, but it's not going to happen. I mean just look at the last quarter, you've had - look at the market cap that's been created in this area, it's probably more than it's been created in the decade in some of those markets. So, no, I don't think - so the numbers are actually pretty interesting if you look at the overall California numbers. I don't have them specifically for the Bay Area, but this year - and the way they measure it's a June 30, year-end, but in the year ended June 30, you had 260,000 people move out of California that compares to the year before like a more normal year about 230,000 people. So there is always this churning that happened but all of that is that 0.5% of the total population of California and you still have internal growth. So, California is still growing, it's just not growing at the same pace as it was before. And I think some of the outflows have to do with temporary work from home kind of situations. We don't expect all of those things to last forever, so you'll have some people coming back to California. I think, housing prices have moderated, certainly on the rental side. So, yeah, I think California's softer than it's been, but it's been on such a tear that it would have had to come to some kind of a moderation and it has.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Trust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: You've already touched on this, but maybe I can follow-up on it. Have your underwriting standards parameters have changed at all looking to 2021 and on the margin, where do you think it's definite versus the average industrial builder or buyer?
Hamid Moghadam: I think our underwriting has moved down with the required returns have moved down in the same direction as the weighted average cost of capital has moved down, I mean capital market returns are lower. So real estate returns are lower as well. What we really look at is relative value and in a lot of the situations, the way that the money coming into the industrial sector has created the situation where good assets and bad assets or not so great assets. The yield is compressing between the two and people just want to pick that industrial box. So a lot of those people also tend to be leveraged buyer is in which they can take better advantage of those lower rates. So, but the way we underwrite the assets in terms of quality and the ability of those assets to compete in the marketplace that has never changed. That's the primary filter, but obviously because of higher rents and lower cap rates pricing has changed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Mueller: Looking at USLV and PELP U.S. ownership stakes is about 50% there. Do you see that gravitating down anytime soon?
Hamid Moghadam: In USLV is our venture with Norges actually they're both our ventures with Norges and our deal with them was that we would have - be 50/50 partners. And we have certain rights that sell down to 20% in one of those ventures and but no, we like it, it's been a good investment and we continue to hold it and we've got plenty of capital coming from other places - mostly disposition. So we haven't tapped that source for capital. It's there if we need it, but I don't think we're going to need it for quite some time. We can sell fund out of the non-strategic dispositions and also our contributions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Sumit Sharma: This is Sumit here in for Nick. So you've been recently doing a lot more analysis on labor shed debt as well as availability in some of new markets for example in Atlanta and some market seem to sell themselves like Inland Empire no one puts out flyer more than a page long. So I'm interested in understanding whether the labor shed or labor availability issue, is it back or is it in certain markets and if you could shed some light on what markets. Is it a problem in if it is?
Hamid Moghadam: I think labor shortage of labor is, you weren't coming through perfectly, clearly, but I think your question was, is labor continuing to be a constraint. The answer is yes, pretty much everywhere. And so, I was really surprised frankly when I heard from our large customers, I think back in April and May in the early stages of COVID relatively early stages of COVID. That labor continues to be the number one, number two and number three problem. I thought it would have moderated given the downturn and the unemployment rate. And the key in that calculus is quality of labor. So we've taken a lot of steps as you know with our community workforce initiatives to try to address that for our customers. But no matter how hard we work or how large that initiative get. It's not going to even begin to make a dent in the problem that we have. Are there geographical differences from place-to-place for sure, but those geographical differences have already adjusted. Because people don't put their warehouses in places where there is no labor whatsoever. They put it in places where there is labor but there just not as much labor as they would like. So they're all competing with one another and the turnover rate in that kind of labor is very high, it's about 40% a year. So people move for relatively small changes in compensation than environment and customers are paying more attention to environment and all those amenities that can really be more attractive to labor in addition to paying more.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Feldman: Thanks for taking a follow-up. We've seen some news on Prologis buying some urban land lately. I'm just curious, how should we think about multi-storey as composition of your 2021 development starts. And similarly with the rotation from REIT to REIT - bricks and mortar to e-commerce any additional thoughts from the research you put out on retail conversions and maybe that becoming a larger part of your 2021 development starts?
Hamid Moghadam: Well Jamie, I don't know what papers you're referring to. But we've been buying urban land in terms of covered land place for at least seven or eight years in a pretty steady basis. So we've been at this business for a long time and we're broadening it in certain markets, but now we've been after it for quite some time and it's not just in the U.S. also in Europe. We're buying those covered land place and those can be either leased as staging areas. You can get very good returns on those, while you wait for the market or rents or entitlements to convert them to industrial land. We don't have a multi-storey strategy specifically, we have an infill strategy and that infill strategy drives you to multi-storey in certain locations with certain land economics, but there is nothing in our business plan. That says thou shall build three multi-storey building this year. I mean and we were very opportunistic in that sense.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Emmanuel Korchman with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Emmanuel Korchman: Tom earlier, I think you discuss 200 million square feet of incremental demand over the next few years? How much of that do you think can get taken care of by just innovation with existing boxes rejiggering, automation, more racking et cetera versus true incremental demand is going to lead to leasing from your end or others?
Hamid Moghadam: Actually, Chris is probably in a better position to answer that. We've done a lot of work around automation and modernizing space. So Chris why don't you talk to that?
Chris Caton: Yes sure, so the stat that Manny's referring to e-commerce specifically, we expect it will generate 150 million square feet perhaps more in the U.S. 200 million square feet likely more globally. Manny no, I don't think it's about efficiency and the introduction of technologies. I think this is about needing to strengthen supply chains over time. As it relates to specific to automation, the research we've done is to take a look at the productivity of assets, both - through the brick-and-mortar supply chain as well as the e-commerce, supply chain. We don't see a lot of change there. Instead, when we look at that incremental 200 million square feet going forward, I think you're going to see that focus on - Last Touch locations and city distribution locations, particularly in the world's global markets, those 24-hour cities. And as - Mike was referring to earlier, it couldn't be a lot of diversity in that customer mix. A lot of customers are starting to reassess how they want to go to market with e-commerce in 2021 and beyond, and I think you're going to see a lot of diversity there. So it's much more about bringing in new real estate requirements rather than introducing technology.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, and if I can jump at the end of that. I didn't answer part of Jamie's question about retail conversions, once you have our latest thinking in that and Chris's paper. So I don't have a whole lot to add to that. I think you will see more headlines about that than actual space converted, but you will see some space converted. So, for a variety of reasons that you can read about in the paper.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John Kim: Thank you. On the Liberty portfolio, originally you considered $3.5 billion of dispositions, now it looks like you're looking to sell about $1 billion, partially because you don't really need the proceeds. But can you just refresh with us how much of Liberty's original portfolio you considered non-core for the company going forward?
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, that view hasn't changed it's about $3.5 billion still. Of that $3.5 billion, if I remember correctly, about $700 million of it is not logistics and - well put it this way, it's an office - it's a suburban office, we sold some of that. The only thing that really remains on that front is the downtown Philly assets leased to Comcast. So the rest of the assets that are available for sale are just straight up industrial. And these assets would be considered in the top, I don't know 25% of most portfolios out there. It's just that they don't quite meet our standards. But they're perfectly fine assets and they're appreciating and as you've heard. I think Tom mentioned that even on the non-industrial ones we picked up 18% more value than we underwrote. So on industrial I think we're even going to do better than that. It's just no sense of - we could sell that at a really high price right now, but if the capital is sitting around not doing anything, we'll give a bunch of it back in terms of dilution. So we're going to be patient with that. John, that was the last question so again, everyone thank you for being on our call and we look forward to talking to you during the course of the coming quarter. Take care.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-20 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Prologis Q3 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Carol, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] Also note, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Tracy Ward; Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Tracy, you may begin.
Tracy Ward: Thanks Carol, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filings. Additionally, our third quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. This morning, we'll hear from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results, real-time market conditions and guidance. Hamid Moghadam, Gary Anderson, Chris Caton, Mike Curless, Ed Nekritz, Gene Reilly and Colleen McKeown are also here with us today. And with that, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Tom. Tom, will you please begin?
Thomas Olinger: Thanks, Tracy. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our call today. Our third quarter results were strong and the team on the ground executed extremely well in this COVID environment, demonstrated by our operating performance and robust capital deployment activity. Our results plus continued improvement in market conditions have upgraded our outlook. Starting with our view of the market, our proprietary data reveals that operating conditions are meaningully better than they were 90 days ago and as a results our earnings are now ahead of pre-COVID levels. The Prologis IBI activity index rebounded sharply to more than 59 in September above our long-term average and up from 50 in June. Space utilization, which is based solely on data source from our customers was 84% at quarter end and indicates that our properties are returning to near key capacity. On a size adjusted basis, signings were up 31% in the third quarter and up 4% year-to-date. Customers continue to make decisions faster than ever of lease gestation less than 50 days. Proposals remain at healthy level up 3% sequentially and up 12% on a year-to-date basis. This positive momentum have led us to raise our market forecast for 2020. In the US, we now estimate net absorption of 210 million square feet and completions of 295 million square feet, each up approximately 50 million square feet from our prior forecast. Net absorption in the quarter was robust at 65 million square feet, pointing a very healthy finish to the year. We've also upgraded our yearend vacancy forecast for Europe and Japan to 4.3% and 1.3% respectively. Notably vacancy in Tokyo reached an all-time low of 50 basis points and rent growing as a result. As we look to space size demand broaden across segments this quarter to include a 100,000 million square feet and above. Spaces under 100,000 square feet in several markets notably the San Francisco Bay Area have lagged the other segment sizes in both occupancy and market rent growth. For customer segments, demand is also broadening and diversifying in our portfolio. E-commerce continues to grow, representing 37% of the new leasing in the quarter, well above its historical average of 21%. The dramatic structural shift to online shopping is generating demand in three ways. First, a wide range of Omni channel and pure online retailers are growing and while Amazon is very active particularly with build-a-suit, they represented just 13% of our new leasing. Second, three 3PLs represented more than a third of new e-commerce leasing in the quarter, a record of customers raise to augment their fulfillment networks and third, many of the parcel carriers are also expanding their networks. Our other segments represented 63% of new leasing the quarter, the most active segment support essential industries including food and beverage, healthcare and consumer products. Another new emerging structural drivers that lead for resilient supply chains and higher inventory levels, the inventory for sales is follow-on to the world [ph] on record and many customers are operating with a razor thin inventories. We see time for restocking process has begun. [indiscernible] our results, we had a strong third-quarter with core FFO per share of $0.97. We outperformed our forecast due to higher NOI, strategic capital revenue and termination fees partially offset by slightly higher G&A. Rent change on rollovers continues to be strong at 25.9% and led by the US at 30.7%. Rent collections remain ahead of 2019 levels. As of this morning we collected over 99% of third quarter rents and over 94% of October. In addition, we received 95% of deferred rents due to date. Net debt is trending lower than forecast and was 43 basis points of rental revenues in the quarter. This was roughly half of what we had forecasted. Our share of cash same-store NOI growth was 2.2% despite the impact of lower debt, occupancy and bad debt. This peaks to the underlying strength of our rent change, the primary driver of same store growth in quarter and the long-term. Looking to the balance sheet, we continue to maintain exceptional financial strength with liquidity and combined leverage capacity between Prologis and our open-ended vehicle, totaling more than $13 billion. We also continue to refinance debt opportunistically setting records in the quarter for the lowest REIT and third lowest US investment grade 10 and third year coupons and history. For strategic capital, investor demand is unabated. Our team rights over $800 million of new equity this quarter and the cues in our open-ended vehicles currently stand at $2.6 billion. Turning to guidance for 2020, our outlook continues to improve given what we see in our proprietary data,, our customer dialogue and lower bad debt. While there may be headwinds until we put forward behind us our revised guidance range has taken that into account. Here are the key components of significant guidance changes on an odd share basis. We're narrowing our cash same-store NOI range between 2.75% and 3.25%. At the midpoint this assume a 25 basis point reduction of bad debt with a new range between 45 basis points and 55 basis points of gross revenues. Globally market rents grew in the quarter and we now expect growth of 2% for the year, approximately 250 basis point ahead of our prior forecast. After prioritizing occupancy for most of the year, we resumed pushing rent in a handful of leading markets including New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Southern California, Dallas and Northern Europe, as well as a few regional markets. On the other hand, we're still striving for occupancy in Houston, Denver, West China and Madrid. Our in-place market rent spread now stands at over 12% and represents future incremental organic NOI growth potential of approximately $450 million annually. For strategic capital, we expect revenue excluding from a range between $380 million to $385 million. The revenue growth of our business has been excellent with a five-year revenue CAGR excluding promotes of over 16%. The vast majority of this revenue is derived from occurring asset management fees from our perpetual or life vehicles. When we look at multiples being ascribed to this business, our view is that they're far too low. The comparison public asset managers are valued at a multiple of more than 20 X on par less 50 AUM with much higher promotes. For development, we expect to start $1.1 billion in the fourth quarter with the full year ranging between $1.6 billion and $2 billion up $800 million from our prior forecast. Build a suites will remain elevated and comprise about 45% of the annual volume. In addition by year-end, we expect to restart about $180 million or approximately half of the development projects we suspended in the first quarter. At the midpoint, we're increasing both contributions and dispositions by $350 million. Based on our third quarter valuation and current market activity, pricing for our properties is now pushing well beyond pre-COVID levels. Taking these assumptions into account, we're narrowing our range and increasing our 2020 core FFO midpoint by $0.045 to $3.76 to $3.78 per share. This includes $0.21 of net promote income which is up a penny from our prior guidance. Year-to-date growth at the midpoint excluding promotes is 13.7% while keeping leverage flat. Interestingly, while there's been a lot of noise over the past seven months since the beginning of the pandemic, [indiscernible] were ahead of our pre-COVID earnings expectations. In clothing our performance is a assessment to the foundation we've been building for more than a decade. Our three-year earnings phase 11% has outperformed the other logistics REITs by more than 500 basis points annually, despite a greater relative decline in leverage. The work that we've done indicates the best-in-class portfolio and balance sheet is clearly paying off. The business is proving to be incredibly resilient and is delivering exceptional growth, which we expect to continue. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator for your question.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Emanual Korchman from Citigroup.
Manny Citigroup: Tom, just in terms of collections, they're obviously strong and they continue to be strong but there is a downward trend. Is there any [indiscernible] in those numbers that we should be mindful of or anything that you think might drive a quick recovery there than we're looking for?
Thomas Olinger: Manny, collections have been excellent. Actually there's no downward trend. If anything, they're trending up. If you looked at our collections, we're up over 94% this morning and we had a call in Q2 July collections were at 92%. So we're 200 basis points ahead of where we were comparably. We're ahead of 2019 levels across the board and I think collections are actually accelerating a bit from the last quarter, so I am very, very pleased with where collections are.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derek Johnston from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Derek Johnston: So the lease spreads continue to be robust even as we progress through COVID '19. How do you view the pandemic's impact on the portfolio in terms of rent growth? So when you look at the overall portfolio, do you believe you could've pushed rents harder without the pandemic or has the pandemic perhaps propelled rent growth? And then lastly, do current rent trends have lagged in your opinion? Thank you.
Hamid Moghadam: Hi Derek, it's a good question and one that we ask ourselves often, but there is no going back and playing that hand again because when you're looking at -- you're sitting there in March and looking at what could happen, you make certain decisions. I think generally we could have push rents harder have we known how this was going to play out, of course we didn't. I think that its gas in the tank for the next 12 months. So I am pretty optimistic about our ability to continue to grow rents and we turn over 15%, 16% a year. So if we were a quarter or two late on pushing rents by a little bit, by the time you worked through that 15% and a little bit of rent growth change, the numbers become minuscule in terms of what we may have missed, but whatever that was I think is fueled for our future growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kim from BMO. Please go ahead.
John Kim: This quarter you had sequential occupancy declines of 200 basis points in both Chicago and Houston. I am assuming this is based on new supplies, but just wondering about the case and also other markets we're concerned from both supply sectors.
Eugene Reilly: It's Gene. I'll take that and others may pile on. Houston for sure is going to face headwinds. There's a ton of supply in that market and you guys know the story there. Chicago, we feel a little bit better about. Actually that market is fairly strong and elsewhere in the US from a supply perspective, things actually look pretty good. We have seen in this quarter a significant increase in absorption and a corresponding increase in supply in supply during a very low vacancy rates across the board. So we actually feel pretty good and in the US, Houston would be the concern on supply at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Feldman from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jamie Feldman: Thank you. Tom, you talked about $13 billion or so of liquidity. Can you help us understand just think through what if there is any opportunistic acquisitions out there where you might be able to put some of the capital to work over the midterm?
Thomas Olinger: I think we're  the key for us is for opportunity for expand our growth potential and when those things occur, target determined, but we're always ready. We always maintain significant liquidity. So when the time is right, we're ready to go, but we're certainly not seeing large portfolios on the markets these days. The pricing for our product is well above where we were pre-COVID. So there's a lot of interest for product.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blaine Heck from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Blaine Heck: Tom, you noted that you guys are assuming parts of a little bit more than $1 billion that your share in the fourth quarter. Can you guys still talk about how much of those are built-a-suite versus spec and whether this is just pent-up demand from clients that didn't want to pull the trigger earlier in the pandemic or what else is kind of driving your confidence to start that much in the fourth quarter?
Thomas Olinger: I'll start with that question and I'll kick it over to Mike, but it's probably good to talk about spec development overall and with what our picture looks like. So it's more a reminder we suspended 16 projects in the spring in 18 markets and that was almost $400 million of activity and through last quarter and what we expect in the fourth quarter, we'll restart 10 of those projects and about half of that volume. So we're generally positive on speculative development. And if you look at the next quarter, we will start more spec projects somewhat less than we would've anticipated in January, but it's pretty close to those volumes. So we will be down slightly with respect to spec development during 2020 versus the January forecast. We're actually up significantly with respect to the build-a-suite value. So that's what coming. And Mike you provide some color on that.
Mike Curless: Yeah Blane, let me add to that. We saw a really strong Q3 in terms of build-a-suit particular in Europe with six project starts there across a diverse set of customers and our overall prospect list, you heard us say this last time, there is probably a little bit shorter than its been in the past, but the prospects on that list are as active and moving as quickly as we've seen in a long time, in fact never seen in a quite at the pace. Of course Amazon is a big part of that, but it's certainly not all of it and there is quite a bit of activity in the structural changes that we announced by the home improvements, the food customers, pre-COVID that they're now acting on at a quicker pace than even anticipated. So we're confident in the diversity of our build-a-suite pipeline and the strength of it. So we're optimistic for the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from mongooses from Nick Yulico from Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Sumit [ph] for Nick. Thank you guys for putting together some great research on the retail conversion opportunity. I guess I'm interested if you could share your insights regarding why the free standing retail component that guys you estimated 40 million square feet of conversions or 50 Bps to 150 Bps of your market share. Why is it so little when these are located in more densely traffic routes as well as are more supportive are most supportive parcel sizes. Since you did, I think one of the developments in the Bronx is built over a 2 acre lot which is far less than the 5 acres to 6 acres that is typically required. So shouldnt this support more conversions across other areas and obviously putting full conversions aside, what drives the convictions that tenants could actually lease up these boxes or other nonperforming shopping centers for smaller delivery operations? Any color, any insights in attendance would be great.
Chris Caton: Hey Sumit its Chris Caton. Thanks for the question. First for those who arent familiar what you're talking about, moderately talking about Prologis Research published a paper on Prologis.com. We size the retail to logistics trend. We estimated it being 5 million to 10 million square feet per year over the next decade and this amounts to really a small part of our overall business, less than 5% of last touch, less than 1% of its existing logistics real estate facilities for a lot of reasons. So Sumit focused on the freestanding retail, that is in fact the largest category and so that is where we expect to see the most conversion opportunities. Well, if the challenges are many and varied in terms of conversion trends, whether it's physical and the ability simply view the site whether it's economic and land versus development cost and higher and better use opportunity, whether it's local politics or whether it's just the legal situation at the site.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah, the other thing I would add to that is that in freestanding retail by large is more western and southern phenomenon because by definition those cities are less spends and actually that's kind of not where you want to have freestanding and last touch retail you want to have it in dense metro areas and if somebody has got a retail box in that metro area, they're likely to be doing pretty well with retail on it anyway. So it's sort of a catch-22 that places where you can find these boxes are not the places that there is heavy duty last touch that demand. The trick is getting the availability and the demand picture in the same spot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vikram Malhotra from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks for taking the question. Just to build off the question on moving spread, you alluded to the fact that you sort of extended the trajectory into next year. I'm just wondering can you give us your updated thoughts on actual market rent growth and from the key areas in the US, but also maybe in some of the global markets, just wondering if all the factors you laid out as potentially accelerated that trend as well into '21 in terms of actual market growth. Thanks.
Hamid Moghadam: Hi Vikram, thanks for the question. So as Tom shared in his remarks, global rent growth is on pace for 2% this year of Prologis share basis, higher than that in the US, roughly flat in Europe and the US and better than that call it 1% in Japan, that's a good number for Japan. What that looks like in 2021, we don't disclose the numbers, but what I do think about other headwinds and tailwinds for our business and to an earlier question, these trends suggest an improving trajectory for rent growth. When I think about the positives for our business, I think about low vacancy in a lot of markets around the world, the structural drivers that Tom outlined in his script are really revealing themselves both e-commerce and inventory levels. We've seen positive momentum in the third quarter and solid proprietary data and there is this potential decline in COVID uncertainty COVID economic weakness. You got to say that against the lack of clarity on COVID and some of the challenges that are intended with the recession that will play out in 2021.
Thomas Olinger: Yeah but in terms of implications of rent growth on earnings, I mean basically rent growth globally this year is a little over 2% and probably 2.5% in the US, unless something really strange happens, I expect that number to be pointed up. Now how much up in the last 106 years we've always underestimated rental growth. So I don't know, but the primary driver of earnings growth is going mark-to-market anyway whether on the margin rents growth 3% or 4% or 5%, that incremental amount at least for the next year or two is going to be determined of earnings growth. So I'm not duck to your question. I'm just given that the kind of small changes we're talking about here, I don't think the earnings implications are significant.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks, just a quick question here, Tom, I guess you pretty much raised all the metrics in the press release with the exception of same-store NOI growth, but you took your bad debt expenses down again this quarter. Is the headwind here just some short-term issues on occupancy number one and then I guess it's a late development need to the extent that the e-commerce trend does continue and it looks like it's going to continue to go up towards probably the mid-20s. How long and sustainable do you think the development pipeline can stay over $2 billion, given the -- it seems like the growing demand pipeline you got from not just e-commerce but other categories that Tom mentioned.
Thomas Olinger: I'll take the first question. So with capital and cash same-store, it's lot at the midpoint at it's all timing because we have significantly high rates in both the second and third quarter and new leasing was significantly higher and as a result, what you're seeing is free rent from all of those lease commencement really hitting Q4. So that's a little bit of a danger of using cash same-store here is because of that free rent. It's just kind of hitting in Q4. You'll note that that same-store went up 25 basis points another bad debt. So it's really a timing issue from that initial drag on cash same-store.
Hamid Moghadam: I think with respect to the legs of e-commerce and the effects on development going forward, I would still say we're in the very early innings of that in the long term and I think as long as we're in COVID, the growth rate in e-commerce is going to be very, very significant, but as we come off of COVID, I expect that could take a little bit of a pause. It still would be at a very elevated level compared to where it was below COVID and it will start growing off of that elevated level. But I think it will pause, because I think a lot of people will just want to get out just somewhat back to normal, but in effect had a reset in the demographics that really have evolving e-commerce because the whole generation of people that before did everything analogs are now using digital. With the exception of wanting to get out in the short term and do some things that they miss filling, but if we could go back and figure out where e-commerce was before COVID and it's likely to grow off of post COVID I would guess there is an 8% or 9% maybe 10% change between those two levels pre and post COVID. So we got one in five maybe seven years of e-commerce penetration that will be sustainable as a result of COVID.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Caitlin Burrows: Just maybe on the customer retention pricing side, customer retention was 73% in the third quarter which is a low expense I think the end of 2018. So could you just about some of the drivers of that, whether tenants impacted by general economic uncertainty, customers moving from our stated results and some pushing price or what are some of the factors of that retention metric were in the third quarter?
Thomas Olinger: Let me take a stab at that Caitlin because that's are really interesting question. I think youve heard many, many times from different people that this economic recovery is still occasional. There is the world of haves and the world of have-not and relatively literally in the middle compared to most other periods. While both of those things drive [ph] attention now, the companies that are doing really well and expanding their business need more space by definition against same space and lead to secure new space and the companies that are at the bottom of the K are going out of business or doing poorly, so they're going back of their space. So I think as long as you're divulging from the middle for some period in time, you'll see declining retention together with the fact that we're pushing rents more than we were in Q2, certainly Q2 now and that's likely to drive retention downwards, but having said all that as margins in our portfolio if of the billion square feet, once you go through how much of its quarterly turns, which is about 40 million feet one of the few retails can move that percentage around between 70% and 80% pretty significantly. So I don't get that excited quarter-to-quarter. I look at trailing fourth quarters as an indicator and if you look at that, our numbers have been forever, so anchored around 75% and little higher and little lower, but around that average.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Frankel from Green Street. Please go ahead.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. Just first, can you comment on China's portfolio? Simply obviously it's more part of your portfolio, there is obviously quite the opposite, it's quite different from the rest of your portfolio? And then second, that values are higher than were in the pre-COVID days, can you comment on the routine valuation between your larger global markets and the regional markets or whether you think there's a big valuation different at this point. Thank you.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay. Let me take a stab at both questions and Eugene may have more comments certainly on the second one. China occupancy is concentrated in Western China in Chengdu and [indiscernible] and then you know it shows the operating metrics in a big way but in terms of our share of that way pretty de minimis kind of number. Having said that, the way land allocations work in China is that it opens up they allocated by Thailand and the requirement value that you have to start construction in two years and that obviously does not allow development to be matched with demand fees because you have this sort of worst development starts that they impose on you for giving you that scarce plan. So that happened on a number of projects in Western China that we will had of course to start all at once and that one right into when China shut down and Western China is very auto centric. So the combination of all those things got a bunch of vacancy in Western China. It's about 70% of total spec vacancies in the whole company, but again the impact on our P&L has been relatively small given our interest, but we need to get a belief and we are going through a strategy of actually going for occupancy and be less rent sensitive because leases in China are very short in duration and we're going to get that back and we've seen exactly the same movie in years past in other regions in China. So we're pretty confident that it will not be an issue long-term. With respect to valuation differences, I can't think of a place in the world where valuation has not increased post-COVID. Now maybe there are individuals market-by-market differences, but in terms of US, Canada and Mexico, Brazil, China, Japan, Europe, Europe is probably the number one declining CapEx among the global locations and it has a direct relation to two things. One interest rates are at historic lows and everybody is pretty much concluded that they're going to be lower for longer and secondly the money that was otherwise being allocated to other sectors of real estate like retail and hospitality and office is actually not going there. So everybody has become a logistics aficionado, so a lot of that money. We're sort of seeing people show up that the number we saw before. So there are a lot more players on the device space and I think that's a pretty good thing if you own a billion square feet of this stuff.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Carroll: Can you provide some color on the tenants in those sectors that are currently being negatively impacted by the pandemic? Has Prologis already worked through both of these issues or should we continue to expect higher churn, lower retention over the next how many quarters, several quarters?
Hamid Moghadam: I think our retention is going to be between 70% and 80% likely it has been forever and there's always churn in the portfolio and the normal characters are probably concentrated in retailers and big box retailers are being dis-intermediated by e-commerce, but there are some retailers that are doing extremely well. Obviously there are home improvement sectors as Mike mentioned and the groceries and the like are doing pretty well and a lot of the ones that are doing sort of well but not super well are actually taking this opportunity to redo their networks and community lease space because they now realize that e-commerce is not a theoretical threat to them, but they better next time get going on this because what they expected to see happen over five or ten years has happened in the last six months. So I think, I'm not trying to duck your question, but you look at the list of the troubled retailers the Penny's and the [indiscernible] world and all that included the day portfolio, we have two of them that frankly been below my radar screen. They're still de minimis but our teams are very focused on moving and there are frankly many, cases those boxes are at least substantially below market. So we're happy to get them back and it's not an issue we usually look at.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Thill from UBS. Please go ahead.
Brent Thill: You talked a lot about accelerating e-commerce and inventory builds, but could you speak in a bit more detail as to how those trends are developing in each of the global regions where you operate?
Hamid Moghadam: I'm not sure what you mean by detail. I think we were pretty early and adamant that its inventory rebuilt. We went out and quantified at 5% to 10% and we gave you a projection of what that would mean in terms of incremental demand and the evident that's come into that time is pointing more to the high end of that range that it puts to the line of that range, that is a general trend, so it's expected more of less to affect our all markets evenly. The general people are carrying more inventory. The cost of carrying inventory is much lower because of the interest rates and the cost of making sales is very high. So people are generally carrying more inventory. With respect to e-commerce, I think they've been pretty specific about the percentages of sales that are going to go through the e-commerce channel and what the implications of that are on demand based on the 3X factor. So I think it can us through facts and apply to historical demand pictures in every market and cost of demand, but I don't think it's would be good for me to try to go through the markets we're in with the prediction that are not going to be correct anyway.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Petersen from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Jon Petersen: Hoping you guys can maybe talk a little bit about expectations around the election specific maybe just high level if there is anything you're looking for that could impact your portfolio, but more specifically, California is a big market for you guys and Prop 15 would increase property taxes on commercial properties. So curious how we should be thinking about the impacts of that if it does. And there has also been talk about Biden [ph] getting rid of 1031 exchanges and just curious if you have any thoughts on what that would do to evaluations and transaction volumes for the warehouse space?
Eugene Reilly: Yeah it's Gene, I'll take the Prop 15 and probably take the other question Tom. So with respect to Prop 15 first of all, we've to see passes, the polling looks right now like it probably won't pass, but if it does, there are a few things to keep in mine. One it's going to take a couple of years for the individual county assessors to respond, mobilize and put it into action. The other thing is relative to Prologis, our average tax vintage is 2012. So we're in relatively better shape than for example local owners and of course this has passed through revenue to customers our real concern is taking care of our customers and we hope this doesnt pass. It's just another tax in California to these businesses. But bottom line is long-term not a big impact to us. Undeniably, there will be some effect on rent growth, but we got to see if this passes first. And on 1031, Tom will take that.
Thomas Olinger: Yeah I'll take that. 1031s are very embedded in real estate transactions. As I think it's been around for almost a 100 years, but I think there is reason why we think clearly manage in fact change does happen, I don't know the probability of that change, but if it does happen, we can manage it extremely well. The first thing is from a sales perspective, we've always thought we're going to be extremely patient. We're very under-levered, but frankly under-deployed a bit. We're getting back to probably Jamie's initial question and so we can be very, very patient on sales. And then the second thing would be our dividend payout ratios in the low 60%, close to 60% this year and we're generating about $1.1 billion of excess cash flow. So what would happen at the 1031 exchange? If eliminated right, our taxable income could go up to the extent we sold assets and capital gaining component of our dividend would increase and that would upward pressure on our dividend, but you can read that significantly well payout ratio and we're generating $1.1 billion free cash flow. So while we utilize it, we can certainly manage around it.
Hamid Moghadam: I think the bigger issue have been the two specific things you asked about is that California is becoming increasingly difficult place to do business in and it's not just these two things, but it's all the crazy propositions that are on the ballot this year and if you really want to be entertained you can read the ones that apply to San Francisco that are even funnier. But California better get it back together because otherwise they're going to kill the base and that is a concern for everybody. Having said that, it is the world's largest, the fifth largest economy and continues to be the center of innovation and a lot of adventure in the world. So we model through but sure the politicians they're making it very difficult for this economy to remain competitive. So that's much more concerning than our 1031 specifically at least to me.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Rodgers from Baird. Please go ahead.
Dave Rodgers: Tom, as we follow up on maybe those earlier comments that you made about the K shape recovery and that lower leg of the K that everyone's trying to figure out, is there a way you can give us straight-line rent right off that you've seen in the third quarter and year to date to kind of provide some color on that? And maybe just to follow-up on the deferral it think you said 95% have been paid to date. Can you give us a rundown just on the level of direction of the deferral that you think might maybe they were up a little bit in the third quarter versus second, but it may just be the way it's been quoted. So any color there would be helpful as well. Thank you.
Eugene Reilly: Sure Dave, thanks. So on your first one just regarding straight-line rents, those are netted down again termination fees. So when you see a termination fee, those are net of those. Listen it's termination fees are probably about where it's $3 million in the quarter if you looked over a long period of time. I dont have a precise number, but it's a straight line of that component of $1 million net of it. So it's calculated, we certainly take into consideration and the fact that calculation as well. Regarding deferrals, I've been very happy with deferral collection. So we build deferrals. To date are about $40 million of the deferrals, it's 61 basis points of annual growth rent. We've build two $20 million of that or half of its due. We collected 95% of that already. Most of that's 5% to collect is really in October, but it's trending very normally with prior months. So I'd expect the vast majority of all that to come in. Of the $40 of deferrals, we'll build a total of 80% of that this year. So we'll knock that out of the way. We've got about half of it collected already and we'll get another 30% by the time of the end of the year. So I think this should be wrapped up by the time we get to the end of the end of year. We'll have some of that evolving to '21 but if they're get taken care of and due to our stock feel very good about collections and very good about deferrals.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mueller from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Mike Mueller: If you look at upcoming development starts into 2021, are there any significant seismic and graphical devices to the pipeline?
Eugene Reilly: This is Gene. Let me start. Chris, you probably have something to add, it sounds like there really isn't Mike and in fact I think that's unique about the situation that we're in other than spaces under 100,000 square feet, which we generally don't develop much in that sector anyway, demand has been and it's becoming even more broad-based. So I really don't think there's any particular market. Our product I call out, obviously there's some very significant strength in the big-box sector and we're going to need to have demand, but I don't think the composition of the deals looks much different than for example they did last year. Chris?
Chris Caton: I'd say in Europe, France and Poland are going to be low on that list. It's been some places where I expect less trend line development and I think Japan is going to be busier given the strength of those markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Catherwood from BTIG. Please go ahead.
Tom Catherwood: Thank you. Tom, going back to your opening comments, you talked about rent growth and occupancy lagging in spaces under 100,000 square feet and then Gene you just mentioned that that is kind of broad-based demand center for certain tenants, but is the lagging occupancy and rent growth have to deal with the K-shape recovery because these tend to be smaller tenants in these smaller spaces or is it that companies are finding they could accomplish e-commerce fulfillment out of larger facilities that are close to but not directly in population centers?
Thomas Olinger: It's the former and frankly that smaller spaces have two kinds of tenants and they have big tenants in smaller spaces where they're more closer industry issues and those are just feeling fine and then there are smaller spaces, smaller businesses that are more vulnerable to this economic downturn and therefore there is more churn there. I expect that to and sort of the market getting better is because a lot of that churn took place in the early days and as the data that goes by, the survivors are surviving all the odds. So I expect that to decline. The problems in these small spaces and the small tenants the decline and at some point it will flip because during the aftermath of economic downturns, in the past business formations have really skyrocketed and I expect a lot of people that are either being laid off or moving their businesses will get back little bit. So that will come back but it may be a lag but things are relatively small spaces are just fine, no problem.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Mailman from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Craig Mailman: Maybe just going back e-commerce and as it relates to maybe the US specifically, can you guys throw out what Amazon was and what the PL's were. I'm just kind of curious, as you run the data and see what you think expected demand incrementally would be from kind of that pull forward of e-commerce demand versus what you've already kind of put in the books or with the pipeline looks like, do you have a sense of maybe describe as a way to win that wave crest from a quarter perspective and then kind of hit the peak of that demand and then kind of trails off and how that is impacting potential development starts as you look out, not just for you guys the market clearly you guys are turning spec back on, I am just kind of curious if others are turning spec on in anticipation of this and how that could potentially impact that rent growth as the expectations that past '21 development deliveries would kind of really moderate if that may just not happen given kind of other dynamics going on.
Thomas Olinger: I think we're in the early stages of shipping earlier than mid stages of e-commerce to go up and I think what happened in the last several months is exactly five to seven years of growth. So I don't we're going to give any of that back. I think you going to plateau for a while as people go back to regular shopping and restaurants and uniting at home and all those things and then light backup at a more elevated level. So the big way to keep your eye on is that if the tsunami of e-commerce coming through. What happened to the ripples on top of that big wave frankly in which quarter, I have no idea honest and it varies market by market. But we dont run our business based on the ripples on top of the big wave. In terms of our dynamics in the marketplace that could make it difficult for the demand of that wave to be fulfilled, the answer is yes, the most desirable markets are the ones with the tightest land. The most difficult in finding large pieces of flat land that you can build these buildings that e-commerce player's demand etcetera, etcetera. So with every passing day, we're having more demand for that sector. Now it's elevated and it's stabilizing with a much higher level off of which it's going to continue to grow and it's showing up a lot of the land that there is short supply in the more desirable markets. So I think that's the positive trend.
Operator: Our next question comes from Emanuel Korchman from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Manny Citigroup: I think I wanted to come to clearly your view on the asset management business, Tom had made a comment in the opening remarks about your business perpetual and preparing it relative to most of the asset managers in terms of how they're being valued versus how the business within Prologis is being valued? And I think you've shown tremendous amount of creativity in terms of structuring your enterprise leveraging a lot of different structures whether they're external managed entities, leasing funds and centralizing management with part of the compensation structure in that business. I guess are you thinking about taking one step further in somehow making this entity that are public or a private to highlight that value or do you view this just as within Prologis and we just hope the market would review the appropriate value.
Hamid Moghadam: Excellent question and let me just pile on to your question. I think there are two businesses, one is the development business and one of the investment management business, that I guarantee if I took the numbers of our development business and part of use for each family business and by the way, we have those numbers going back to year 2000 okay and show that to your home analyst at Citi, I bet you truly will value at 2.5 times book, with book to development business and a multiple that's more in the team. And if I did the same thing, the investment management business actually showed them the numbers, the trends in those numbers the permanent capital nature of most of those funds well over 90% and the stickiness of those and the promote history of those funds, I am willing to bet you that theyll put a 25 multiple on the pre-promote number and will give us the present value of the promotes on top of that and net of it is I think both of those businesses are valued at about 30% to 40% of what they should be. Now that leads to really under my spend and we spend a lot of time trying to figure out what you can do with sections all that kind of stuff. The government issues that come along with that are very difficult and complicated and painful, where do you develop, how do you change where it's done and frankly it doesnt matter anymore. It's $140 billion enterprise and whether it's couple billion dollars here and there in terms of incremental value, eventually people will get it and will give us credit for it. So I guess to answer your question in a very straightforward way, the latter statement that we make, we're trying to give enough the complexities are not worth, the incremental value that we may get in the short term. I'm sure we'll better do long time because the evidence it's becoming so indisputable that it's kind of actually meaningful at this moment more than annoying.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Feldman from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jamie Feldman: You were talking about upping your outlook for in the direction to 210 square feet and completions 290 million square feet. Can you just talk more about what you're seeing from taking on REIT competitors in terms of their appetite to speculative development and then also we have this delay in construction, but what does this all look like heading into '21 and given early read on what your supply-demand forecast were quite there?
Hamid Moghadam: The answer to your second question is yes. We have an idea whether it will, we will share with you on the next call when we provide guidance for 2021. With respect to non-REIT players, they continue to be by far but they just in aggregate sector of development have always been and will continue to be the better REITs as large as they may be. I dont know 20% of the business may be in the more relevant markets. So really the part of my case was vast majority of the 30s and I'd say yeah there is some undisciplined development in the private area, but I would say other than Poland, I can't really think of a crazy example of that. Maybe Houston, maybe Houston and Poland but by factor of five, it's Poland and maybe somewhere. And the reason for it is not that these private developers or public developers have forgotten how to build buildings or any less interest in building, and just really cost define the land being had on them to build the buildings of their size that the market demand to meet a lot of this virtually demand from the big day commerce.0 So I think it's just tough and so development levels are going to be muted because of the difficulties of navigating that. I mean advisory large pieces of land in the desirable markets and our belief that the West Coast and all that are initially three to four years on large pieces of land and you got to jump through all kinds of needs and complexities. So it becomes difficult to tie up with this piece of land to take it through their impediment process. We get a lot here a lot there and it's just difficult. So that's what I would say about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Caitlin Burrows: Hamid, I think before you mentioned that there is a lot more people showing up at it relates to the transaction market. For Prologis' 2020 guidance it would increase I think now it's $750 million estimate point from $600 million originally and lower than that last quarter. So could we just talk about the current transaction market and how those two pieces wind up? It seems Prologis is more confident on your ability put in that commentary that there are a lot more players?
Hamid Moghadam: There are a lot more players and our acquisitions are not sort of the no brainer acquisition that are a race to who accepts the lowest IRR. Just to say that there are lesser business. We're not in that business. We show up that every one of those options to get people on that been going on but honestly that they're not buying a whole lot of clean perfect brochure quality. I think the pipeline market on some of those things that we've seen recently just beyond ridicule. I think most of our volume comes from more infill, more reposition plays, last touch plays, urban plays. So the stuff that the ratio of the cost of money to the level that we're compelling you towards level of effort and talent and customer relationships. So we know where our strengths are. If it's a race to who accepts the lowest IRR, that's not the business we're in. We leave it to the people who really like that business and there seem to be more and more of them every day. But we have great visibility and as you know you may remember that people always ask me about acquisition guidance and I say I'm $0 billion to $10 billion and we've exceeded the top end in the path and we've been zero at the time. We dont have a budget for acquisitions because it all depends on pricing and availability and quality of properties. You can make your acquisition guidance Q1 as we hear, but it would not be equivalent thing to do it. But when you get this close to the end of the year, you have visibility on really what's happening not only this year but through the middle of the fourth quarter next year and that's what's the recent confidence to increase those numbers. They're mostly high effort value-added types of things, not that passive and no brainer.
Hamid Moghadam: Caitlin, I think that was the last comment. So I want to thank everyone for attending our call and we look forward to meeting with you in the new year and sharing our 2021 guidance. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does indeed concludes today's conference call. Thank you again for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-21 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Prologis Q2 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jason, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] Also note, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Tracy Ward. Tracy, you may begin.
Tracy Ward: Thanks, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filings. Additionally, our second quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures. And in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. This morning, we'll hear from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results, real-time market conditions and guidance. Hamid Moghadam, Gary Anderson, Chris Caton, Mike Curless, Ed Nekritz, Gene Reilly and Colleen McKeown are also with us today. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. And Tom, will you please begin?
Thomas Olinger: Thanks, Tracy. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We hope you and yours are all well. The second quarter played out better than our expectations in terms of both our results for the period and outlook for 2020 and beyond. Leasing activity in our portfolio, market fundamentals, valuations and rent collections are all trending favorably. Starting with results, core FFO for the second quarter was $1.11 a share, which included $0.23 of net promote income. Core FFO, excluding promotes, came in above our forecast due to higher NOI and higher strategic capital revenues. The increase in NOI was driven by lower bad debt and higher occupancy. For comparison, the quarterly results were in line with our initial 2020 guidance that we provided back in January. Overall, rent collection trends are excellent. And as of yesterday, we've collected 98% and 92.1% of June [Technical Difficulty]. We've seen the pace of rent receipts accelerate each month since March, with collections ahead of 2019 levels for each month as well. As a result, our bad debt provision for the second quarter was 58 basis points of rental revenues versus our forecast of 160 basis points. Our share of cash same-store NOI growth was 2.9%, which included a 42 basis point negative impact from bad debt. Turning to leasing and customer activity, segments benefiting [Technical Difficulty] economy remain very strong and continue to represent about 60% of our customer base. Leasing in the quarter by industry was well diversified, including from non-essential industries. E-commerce normalized to 24% of new leases. You'll recall from the first quarter, that number was 40% in the early days of COVID. Negatively impacted segments include restaurants, hospitality, oil and gas and conventions. These segments represent just 1.7% of our annual rent. Over the last 30 days in our operating portfolio, we've signed leases amounting to [60.3] [ph] million square feet, up 24% year-over-year. Lease proposals have risen 21% year-over-year and lease gestation has declined by 14 days to 44 days. Market fundamentals were stronger than we expected in the quarter and we are now forecasting the following for the US in 2020. Completion to total 250 million square feet, a 4% year-over-year decline, net absorption to total 160 million square feet, a 60% increase from our April view but down 40% year-over-year and year-end vacancy of 5%. Our forecast for year-end vacancy rates in Europe and Japan have also improved now at 4.5% and 2%, respectively. Strong leasing activity in the quarter has moved the following markets off of our watchlist; Central PA, Phoenix bulk, Atlanta bulk and Guadalajara. Our watchlist includes Houston, West China, Spain and Poland, which moved back into the list this quarter due to extremely undisciplined spec development by one private developer in that country. For strategic capital, the promote for USLF came in above our guidance, as Q2 valuations were higher than our forecast. Investor demand for our private funds remains very strong. Year-to-date, we've raised more than $2.2 billion of equity, approximately 17% ahead of our pace in 2019, which was a record year. Our open-ended funds currently have equity cues totaling $1.8 billion, with an incremental $1.4 billion in due diligence. In Q2, a $448 million secondary trade in our health fund was made with nine investors at a slight premium to NAV, and $421 million will be redeemed in our USLF fund in July. Post these transactions, redemption cues for our open-ended funds will total just $10 million. Looking to the balance sheet, we continue to maintain exceptional financial strength with liquidity of $4.6 billion in combined leverage capacity between Prologis and our open-ended vehicles at levels in line with current ratings, totaling over $13 billion. Turning to guidance for 2020. Our outlook has improved from last quarter, given what we see in our proprietary data, our customer dialogue and the pace of rent collections. While there may be some headwinds in the back half of the year related to the timing and nature of economies reopening, we believe that our revised guidance range has taken those factors into account. Here are the key components of our guidance on an our share basis. We are raising the midpoint by 50 basis points and narrowing the range of our cash same-store guidance to between 2.5% and 3.5%. This assumes a reduction of bad debt by 50 basis points with a range between 60 basis points and 90 basis points of gross revenues. This means at the midpoint we're forecasting to reserve about 110 basis points of bad debt in the second half of the year. To date, we've granted rent deferrals of 48 basis points of annual rental revenues and continue to expect that grants for the full year will be less than 90 basis points. We are increasing our expected average occupancy midpoint by 25 basis points and narrowing the range to between 95% and 95.5%. Occupancy was slipped slightly in the second half, so not as much as we guided to in April and end the year at a very healthy level. Globally, net effective rents declined by 1.4% in the quarter as a result of higher concessions, essentially giving back the growth from the first quarter. Looking forward, we expect rents to be roughly flat for the back half of the year. Our in-place-to-market rent spread now stands at 13% and represents future growth potential of over $450 million of annual NOI. We expect rent change on rollovers to be more than 20% in the second half of the year. For strategic capital, we expect revenue, excluding promotes, to increase by $15 million relative to our prior guidance, and now range between $360 million and $370 million. We're increasing our net promote income for the full year to $0.20 per share and we do not expect to earn any material promote revenue in the back half of the year. As a reminder, there will be a timing mismatch in the second half of the year, as we will recognize promote expenses of about $0.03 per share. We are forecasting a G&A range of $265 million to $275 million, down $5 million from our prior forecast. Our outlook for capital deployment has improved significantly since April, and we now expect to start $100 million of new spec in the second half. Our revised starts range is $800 million to $1.2 billion for the full year, with build-to-suits comprising 65% of this volume. In addition to this range, we plan to resume construction on $150 million of projects that were previously suspended. We are currently negotiating leases on roughly 40% of the TEI of these suspended projects. At the midpoint, we're increasing acquisitions by $100 million, contributions by $150 million and dispositions by $400 million. We are now projecting net uses of capital to be $100 million at the midpoint. Taking these assumptions into account, we're increasing our 2020 core FFO midpoint by $0.125 and narrowing the range to $3.70 per share to $3.75 per share, including $0.20 of net promote income. This compares to our original guidance midpoint at the beginning of the year of $3.71 a share. Year-over-year growth at the midpoint, excluding promotes of sector-leading at over 12.5%, while keeping leverage flat. Our three-year CAGR has been 10.5%, outperforming the other logistics REITs by more than 500 basis points annually. We continue to maintain significant dividend coverage of 1.6 times, and our 2020 guidance implies a payout ratio in the mid-60% range and free cash flow after dividends of $1 billion. Looking forward, the long-term growth outlook of our business has strengthened. Our investments in data and technology provide us with the tools to identify pockets of risk and opportunity within our markets and portfolio, a significant competitive advantage. I want to repeat some comments at the beginning because I'm not sure my sound was coming through. So, I just want to repeat our results for the quarter. Core FFO for the second quarter was a $0.11 a share, which included $0.23 of promote income. Core FFO, excluding promotes, came in above our forecast due to higher NOI and higher strategic capital revenues. The increase in NOI was driven by lower bad debt and higher occupancy. For comparison, the quarter results were in line with our initial 2020 guidance that we provided back in January. Overall, rent collection trends are excellent and as of yesterday, we have collected 98% and 92.1% of our June and July rents, respectively. We have seen the pace of rent receipts accelerate each month since March, with collections ahead of 2019 levels for each month as well. As a result, our bad debt provision for the second quarter was 58 basis points of rental revenues versus our forecast of 150 -- 160 basis points. Our share of cash same-store NOI growth was 2.9%, which included a 42 basis point negative impact from bad debt. Turning to leasing and customer activity segments benefiting from COVID economy remain very strong and continue to represent about 60% of our customer base. Leasing in the quarter by industry was well diversified, including from non-essential industries. E-commerce normalized at 24% of new leases. You'll recall from the first quarter, that number was 40% in the early days of COVID. So with that, I'll turn it over to Jason for your questions
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Good morning, Tom. Thanks for repeating some of that. I just wanted to circle back on just kind of the leasing activity. I know in the supplemental, you guys provide leases commenced and not leases actually signed in the quarter. Is there any -- and you did provide a little bit about the leasing activity in the last 30 days. But could you maybe just help us the actual leasing activity in perspective in Q2? How much of that was impacted and how does that maybe change month to month to get to that [16] [ph] million square foot number for the last 30 days? And then could you just also comment on the drop in occupancy in Asia? Thanks.
Thomas Olinger: Okay. I'll start with that. So from a leasing perspective, we certainly saw leasing activity picked up materially in June. June was a very high month. And as I mentioned in the last 30 days, we've certainly seen our leasing accelerate. As it relates to occupancy in Asia, it's related primarily to China and small spaces under 100,000 square feet.
Operator: Your next question is -- my apologies. Go ahead.
Thomas Olinger: Next question, please.
Operator: Okay. Your next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Craig Mailman: Hey guys. Just a quick question on kind of what activity you're seeing big box or small box. I know there were some concern earlier post COVID. Just curious, I know you guys took Phoenix and Atlanta big bulk off. I mean, are you guys seeing better activity across the board or is it still kind of primarily in some of the bigger spaces?
Eugene Reilly: Yeah, this is Gene. I'll take that one. We are certainly seeing better activity with bigger spaces and that is where the -- has led to taking those markets off the list. And conversely, small spaces have struggled. We see more softness in this category. And this is -- these are segments that we're focused on. But having said that, our property quality is excellent in those segments and we'll expect recovery. But right now, you certainly see better activity in the bulk spaces.
Thomas Olinger: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: So a couple of questions. The higher leasing proposals that you've seen over the past 30 days, I think you said 21% higher. I'm just trying to get a sense of, is that mostly renewal activity for expansionary space? And second question, when you mentioned all the positive leasing stats and you obviously increased your guidance for same-store NOI and build-to-suit activity. But if there are one or two things that you really looked at to give you confidence midway through the year to increase guidance, how much of it was based on customer feedback and the confidence your corporate customers are seeing versus hard metrics like leasing stats?
Thomas Olinger: Yes. Let me -- let me start by answering that question. Obviously, we're having some difficulties here with our conference operator. Yeah, the activity accelerated obviously in the month of June and it's pretty broad based. And I think, for the best indication of that, you can look at our build-to-suit volume because it's up substantially in terms of percentage and absolute amount. And that tells you something about the scarcity of space out there because that's what people will have to turn to get their spacing needs met. So Mike, do you want to -- you want to elaborate on that somewhat?
Mike Curless: Yeah. We're seeing broad-based activity, everybody. If you believed all the hype you saw there, you would think it's all Amazon. But Amazon clearly is ramping up their activity, but we're seeing definite broad-based activity across a lot of sectors. Home improvements picked up. Appliance business is strong and actually seen quite a bit of activity from the food crowd on our build-to-suit list. Then you got to remember is there's been plenty of structural rollouts that were announced and well underway pre-COVID. And so it's not just Amazon. They are a big part of it, but look, for a lot of broad-based demand and keep that build-to-suit list strong.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico from Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Sumit Sharma: Hi. This is Sumit here for Nick. Just a quick question actually, following up on the build-to-suit. So there was, I think 100% of the pipeline this quarter was build-to-suit with a 48% margin. What's so special about these development spec that they are so accretive to the margin and there is such a wide spread between the development cap rate and the stabilized sort of market cap rate that would one -- one would anticipate? And secondly, as a follow-up, just thinking about promotes. I know that fourth quarter has something coming up from Brazil, a core fund in Europe and the USLV. So, what's driving the lower expectations on promote income for those?
Mike Curless: Sumit, it's Mike. I'll hit the first one on the higher than normal build-to-suit margins. You're looking at a small sample that said, there are a couple of deals there that were more of the parking lot, leased parking lot flavor. And those tend to be very well located, have relatively low incremental investments, paired up with strong rents. Therefore, you see really strong margins, but I would look for those margins to blend in well over the year and normalized to the overall build-to-suit body of work in the mid 20s. Tom, you want to deal with the other one?
Thomas Olinger: Yeah. Sumit, on your second question on promotes in the second half, it's going to be lower, really small because the promotes are effectively just based on development. There is very little AUM in those funds. That is promote eligible in the second half. And remember, we've got $0.03 of promote expenses that will also will be incurring in the second half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derek Johnston from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Derek Johnston: Hi, everybody. Thank you. Has COVID induced e-commerce acceleration pulled demand forward in your view? And secondly, where are we in the shifting secular landscape? Does it feel like we're mid to early late innings? Just would love your take. Thanks.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah, I think this is more like the Borg-McEnroe match back in the late '70s. We don't know how many innings are in this game. We keep going into overtime. And I think we're very early in the rollout of e-commerce. E-commerce started the year in the low teens in the US. The numbers vary in different places. And there is no telling how far it can go. If it goes to 20% to 25%, which is where it was at the beginning early stages of COVID or stabilizes higher than that, this could be very, very early in the e-commerce rollout. And initially, obviously, we've had a clear market leader, which is Amazon in excess of 40% of the total volume, but we are seeing breadth in terms of different e-tailers that are now growing their businesses and have founded their footing. So, I think we're in very early stages and as you know, e-commerce has a sort of a supercharged effect on logistics' demand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manny Korchman from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Manny Korchman: Hi, everyone. There's been, I guess, a rebounding concern in supply coming up. So two questions related to that. One, what are you seeing in terms of our conversion of use, whether that be retail properties or maybe even office properties and some anecdotal stuff that we've seen? And secondly, are all developers being of this point of view and trying to keep their build-to-suit volumes high and their spec volumes lower? Are we running the risk that we're going to see a lot more spec not from Prologis, but from your competitors or peers?
Eugene Reilly: Yeah. Let me take the second part of that first. The places that we see undisciplined development are few. Poland is clearly one and I would say Houston is seeing more buildings than they should. I mean there's more product coming online in Houston than the demand warrants. But generally, I would not say there is an older building problem or anywhere near it. And if you look at the numbers that I think Tom talked about at 250 million square feet, that's about the normal run rate for construction. And it's actually a little bit down from our forecast at the beginning of the year. So, I think this year demand will fall short of that level of construction, but it's not because the supply is excessive. It's because demand temporarily will take a dip. And in my view, we'll accelerate as we come out of this thing because of the growing percentage of e-commerce and also the need to carry more inventories. With respect to the first part of your question, could you ask that again because I'm kind of a little unclear about it, oh, conversions, conversions. Look, there is a lot of talk about it and I think in time, you will see conversion, particularly of retail. And -- but there are obstacles and we should talk about those obstacles. Number one, a box in the middle of the shopping center is subject to all kinds of reciprocal easement agreements, and it's not really easy to go back and just redevelop one box. Obviously, those boxes are in the right locations because they are in the middle of dense populations and high levels of income. So the locations are good, but there are internal dynamics that make it difficult to do that. So you have to respect the REAs and all the other arrangements. Also zoning is an issue because you need to convert from retail to industrial zoning and that takes longer than you can imagine because neighborhoods don't want trucks and traffic there. And finally, there is an economic issue where these retail boxes are in somebody's books for several hundred dollars of square foot, and you need a number much lower than that to make sense for logistics because you need to also spend money to convert them to logistics uses. It's not like that they're set up that way. So, I think in time, you'll see more and more of this kind of development, but it's not a surge. And I think we are involved in a number of them, but it's tougher and it takes longer than you can imagine. The stuff that you hear about hotel rooms or offices being temporarily used for logistics, we've seen that before during the holiday season when things get really crazy. But those are really for last touch distribution purposes. They're not really permanent space because economically, they're not viable for long-term logistics use.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks for taking the question. Just two questions. One, could you give a bit more color on kind of how market rent growth may have trended month over that -- over the last few months and particularly in the US versus global? And then second, if you can give us a little bit more color on kind of utilization of the cost of capital that you now have, which -- there may have been questions few months ago, but today it's pretty robust. So I'm just wondering, can you give us a little bit more color between utilizing that for development acquisitions and maybe even M&A?
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. Thank you, Vikram. So two questions. With respect to market rents in the US, I think the best way to think about them is that we are basically on the same track were before, but with a pause and interruption. In other words, I would say in this era of COVID, the growth hasn't continued. I believe they will flatten for the balance of this year just like our guidance suggests. And then we'll pick up on the path of growth. And the reason I believe that is because there has never been a cycle growing into it or going into it. We've had high occupancies, vacancy being under 5%, and also very high utilization rate in the mid 80s. And there is no sign that those numbers are in anyway deteriorating. So, I think the market continues to be strong and I think it will be back on a trajectory of rental growth, not too dissimilar with -- from what we were projecting at beginning of the year. With respect to use of capital, I continue to believe that there is relatively little differentiation between different companies. So M&A is usually pretty tough. I mean, we've done it successfully in a couple of instances, but increasingly the targets are less and less compatible with our portfolio in terms of quality. And also, there is a pretty -- the companies are trading right on top of each other in terms of multiples. Don't ask me to explain that because the growth rates, at least, historically been substantially different. But I don't make the market react to it. The place that is always the best use of capital for us is building out our land bank because we already have the land and the incremental returns on capital are the most attractive, particularly with the kind of margins that we were talking about earlier and Mike referred to now. That's a pretty disciplined business. You can't do an infinite amount of that kind of development, but that's the first place we would go to. On straight acquisition of assets, look, I'd just like to -- I said last quarter, I don't think pricing of logistics real estate is going to soften. In fact, I think cap rates are going to compress because there is a lot of capital that's placed to go into real estate and obviously, there are sectors that are not going to attract their fair share capital like they did before. So that capital is piling in the few sectors that are performing well. So, I think the best use of capital is building out our land bank.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kim from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
John Kim: Thank you. You talked about leasing volume being healthy, sounds like it's picking up. But you also discussed the dip in occupancy in the second half of the year. Is this an indication that you're looking to push rents over occupancy? Is it greater downtime from bad debt expense or this -- or are there other factors that contribute to this?
Eugene Reilly: Yeah, John. It's Gene. I'll take that one. I wouldn't -- I wouldn't draw a conclusion from the next two quarters forecast on our optimism about the demand. Demand has been good. As we mentioned at the outset and have, about 60% of our portfolio, customers are expanding, but some are shrinking. So it's a balanced view for the rest of the year. And the reality is that until we come out of COVID and we see economies reopening, we won't have complete clarity. So, I would actually point to later in the year 2021, we're going to come out of this. And I think as Hamid said a few moments ago, I think you'll see a continuation of the rent growth. But until there is clarity on reopening, there has to be -- you have to have a balanced view.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. And the only other thing I would add to that is at the beginning of the year, we're forecasting essentially 260 million feet of demand and supply, and now we're projecting 250 million feet of demand and -- sorry, supply, and 160 million square feet of demand, which is down from our original forecast. So if you forecast 90 million square feet of demand, obviously, you have to go along with a pause in rental growth. So that sort of outlook is consistent both between demand and the rental picture that goes along with it. But when we come out of this thing, I think for reasons we've described before, namely an increase in inventory generally 5% to 10% and also the stabilizing share of e-commerce of the higher level than before will actually lead to a surge in demand, which will make up, in my view, more than the 90 million feet we lost or we project to lose this year. But nobody knows, I mean, these are all our best guesses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Petersen from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Jon Petersen: Great. Thank you. Good quarter, guys. I was -- first of all, hoping you could update us on how IPT and LPT are doing versus underwriting. But then also was curious with both those transactions, it greatly increased your exposure to the US. How are you thinking right now considering international markets seem to be getting back on their feet quicker than the US on exposure to the US versus exposure to international markets?
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. International is a big spectrum. And on one side of it, you have places like Poland, which is suffering from overbuilding. You have Spain, which has weakened demand and then you have places on the other end of the spectrum that you would never get. Tokyo is under 1% vacancy. Osaka where the vacancy was in the teens is now in the 5% range, and we're leasing up pretty much everything we are building ahead of schedule. So obviously, there is a wide variety overseas. But if you sort of throw all of the overseas markets together, I would say generally, they are a tad slower than the US, but not materially so. And Gene may have more granular comments on that, but very consistent actually in terms of -- in terms of market strength.
Eugene Reilly: Yeah. And you asked Jon about underwriting -- and we're actually a little bit ahead of underwriting on both of those portfolios, even through then what we've seen in the last few months. And we'll revisit that at the end of the year. But things are looking good. Obviously, for Liberty, the Houston exposure is going to be challenging for a bit. But on the other hand, Pennsylvania portfolio, which is the biggest piece of it, has actually done quite well, leading us, by the way, to bring Central Pennsylvania [indiscernible] a lot to us, so a little bit ahead of plan so far.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: Great. Thank you. I was hoping to get your thoughts on two points. Number one is, I know you mentioned what the -- this year's development pipeline looks like or deliveries look like. Can you give some color on what things look like heading into '21, given that there was this pullback in starts? And then also just given that you did increase guidance, just thinking about the lingering risks ahead, whether it's the election, PPP subsidies burning off, cases rising in other markets. Like what gave you comfort to get more positive here even though there are some things lingering out there?
Hamid Moghadam: Customer behavior in short. Jamie, Gene is going to give you the real answer, but the short answer is customer behavior. We don't make the market. We just observe what happens on a real-time basis. But, Gene, go ahead and talk about the details.
Eugene Reilly: Yeah. I mean, specifically, Jamie, we're adding sort of a net of $250 million of spec to the plan. We're still way below the January forecast, and those are like 15 projects in 15 different markets. So, there are bets that are being placed based on the customer demand in those markets. And I wouldn't be surprised if that number increases. You also asked about what happens going into 2021. I think we'll wait to see what happens before we talk about 2021, but we obviously have a much more confident view on building spec today than we did in April.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Rodgers from Baird. Your line is open.
Dave Rodgers: Yeah. Good morning out there. And just -- was thinking about your portfolio as you've moved more infill with respect to maybe service-oriented customers versus distribution-oriented customers. Wanted to kind of think about how those conversations are going with those customers and are you guys still targeting rents from the end of the year and they're accepting that? Is there a big differential between what they're anticipating in rents and what you are? So that's the first question. The second is just for cap rate compression, do we need to get past the point of increasing vacancies? Do we need to see rents grow again before we see that materially happen? Or is the debt side of the equation enough to make that happen? Thank you.
Hamid Moghadam: Dave, let me just start, and Gene will give you more details. On cap rate compression, we are already seeing it, particularly in Europe. And there is plenty of transaction evidence that those cap rates are holding and in some cases declining. And by the way that's in sync generally with our valuations that have been held flat and remember valuations are backwards looking. I mean if they were -- if they had the evidence of the last month of transactions, I think those values would be up. With respect to distribution of space, as we've said many times, Prologis operates in all four categories of space, whether it's last touch, all the way to gateway cities, the larger spaces in major markets. And that distribution is pretty balanced. And in fact, we have a paper out there that's not too out of date, that shows exactly what our portion is in each category. So, we haven't really materially changed our allocation to different markets. It's just that we get more questions about the last such markets these days than we did before. The old -- and this strategy was very much large markets than infill locations. So, that's where that portion of the portfolio in general is coming from, which is getting a lot of attention these days. Gene, do you want to elaborate on that?
Eugene Reilly: Yeah. The only thing I'd add is, you asked specifically about rent growth in infill locations. And to date, we have certainly seen much more, much higher rent growth in these locations. And as you can imagine, there is a bit of market pricing discovery going on because these are submarkets that generally are immature for this kind of use and the product types basically span a huge range. But so far those -- the growth in rents has actually surprised us to the upside.
Hamid Moghadam: One other thought that I will just join there, you've heard us talk about this many times, but logistics rents are only 2% to 5%, call it or give it a wide range of total logistic costs and the rest being made by labor and transportation. So really the ability to pay for the customer is not the issue because even if they paid 20% more rent on an item that's 4% of their total logistics costs, that's 80 basis points more in costs. So that's not what drives it. What drives really rental growth is how anxious is your best next competitor in terms of dropping out rents. That's what determines this, not the customers' ability to pay rent. And generally speaking, when you're operating at around 5% vacancy, which is where we are, there aren't that many competing spaces around. So, we continue to do -- we continue to have pricing power generally in most markets. Obviously, the Houston's of the worlds are different.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blaine Heck from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Blaine Heck: Great. Thanks. Good morning out there. So just a couple of questions here on rent collections and same-store. I think you gave rent collection figures for June that might be excluding deferred rents. If that's the case, can you give us the June and second quarter collection numbers based on the cash that's come in relative to kind of your pre-COVID billing expectations? And then secondly, you guys have reported strong rent collection results relative to a lot of REITs out there. But it just seems to me like the amount of uncollected cash rents, it's still a pretty tangible headwind then for you guys to still post 3% cash same-store in the face of that headwind is very impressive, frankly. So maybe you can reconcile how cash same-store can be 2.9% with even a few percentage points of uncollected cash rents. That would be really helpful.
Thomas Olinger: Okay, Blaine. So on the rent collection, as I'll restate, so in June, we collected 98%. In July, we collected 92.1%. We deferred about 195 basis points of rent in June and about 70 basis points of rent in July. So that rents not due. So it's not in those numbers of those collections numbers. Now our collections, as I stated, are doing extremely well. We're ahead of last year since March. Every month, we're ahead of schedule. Now, we believe we are going to collect all the cash with the exception of what we think we've covered in a bad debt reserve. So, we've assessed. We've gone through -- we've assessed industries, we've assessed space sizes. We've looked at all the different metrics. We've looked at individual customers across our portfolio and we feel really good about that bad debt range of 60 basis points to 90 basis points. Now it's lower than we had projected in April, for sure, meaningfully lower, but it's because of the collections are so strong. And if -- I would anchor back also to the fact that our bad debt history on average is about 20 basis points. If you go back 14 years, 15 years, we've averaged 20 basis points of bad debt. Now, our high was 56 basis points in the GFC, and that's kind of what we saw here in Q2. So, I think we've got the second half bad debt adequately covered in the range probably and then some. And I feel good about getting the rest of this cash in the door.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll from RBC. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: Yeah. Thanks. Gene, I wanted to dig in a bit -- individual market trends that you highlighted. Can you provide some color on what drove the improvement in Central PA? Is it just better demand? And then also with the issues that you're seeing in Houston, is that simply just supply in a weak energy market? And are developers slowing down construction activities? So it's just going to take time to absorb that space or are these longer-term issues that we have to deal with?
Eugene Reilly: Yeah. So in Pennsylvania, it's all leasing. So the improvement is related to leasing. In Houston, you have obviously two headwinds in demand. You've got energy pricing as well as COVID. And you have a huge amount of construction in progress at the beginning of this year. Now, some of that was suspended. But frankly, the vast majority was not. So, you're going to have an overhang of space in Houston easily going into next year some time, because there's just so much supply. In terms of developers being disciplined or not, I think, frankly, the jury is out on that. Right now, things appear to be disciplined. But I would have hoped frankly that we would have seen more projects stopped. We didn't see that. So I think we -- I think we need to monitor that aspect of it, but unfortunately in Houston, you have a supply issue as well as the demand issue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel from Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. Just to talk about e-commerce again. Obviously, Amazon has been quite active. And Mike, you commented on some of the longer, longstanding supply chain reconfiguration efforts by home improvement -- home improvement companies, appliance companies, food and beverage. Could you talk about how some of the big box retailers are adjusting to because they obviously had a huge surge in e-commerce sales. I'm just curious if they've adjusted there or they looking to adjust their warehouse footprints at all?
Mike Curless: Yes, Eric. Thank you. We are seeing activity from those retailers, not at the pace we're seeing from the traditional e-commerce, but we certainly have on our prospect list some household names that you would consider in the retail business that are looking to shift from brick and mortar and to more warehouse to consumer shipments. So, we're definitely seeing an uptick in that segment.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. Home improvement and grocery sectors are particularly strong.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Catherwood from BTIG. Your line is open.
Tom Catherwood: Thank you and good morning. I just wanted to actually follow on Eric's question about retail and specifically from the bricks and mortar side. Since 2011, obviously, you've reduced your exposure to lower growth industries. But I assume no one is immune to the pain that's happening in brick and mortar retail. So first off, I know it's a small number, but can you remind us what your exposure is to brick and mortar retailers, especially on the apparel side? And then second, is there a risk that challengers could show up for some of your other tenants like 3PLs that have retail exposure of their own, almost like shadow retail exposure for Prologis?
Chris Caton: Hey. This is Chris. Thanks for the question. So first, as it relates to apparel specifically, that is roughly 7% of our customer base and there is going to be both native e-commerce and traditional brick and mortar retailers in there. So, you're going to have a diversity. Our approach, our analysis looks through the organization. So whether it's a retailer, whether it's a 3PL, so we think through that exposure just like you described in. So the way we've been talking about it for the whole decade has been consistent with how you're thinking about risk.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Mike Mueller: Yeah. Hi. Are there any changes to the lease durations for the bumps that you've been getting in recent leasing activity?
Hamid Moghadam: Not materially. Mike, not materially. Right before this thing, the lease durations had extended, probably the longest we've seen in about a decade. But -- and basically leases that are of term has stayed about the same level of duration. While we have higher month-to-month leases and that is pretty typical of what happens in this part of the cycle where normally somebody who's business was growing may be coming out of a smaller space going to the bigger space or going the other way frankly. But moving is expensive and committing to a new space is expensive. So, sometimes the best solution is just to basically pay overage rent and kick it out couple of months. So, we have a higher percentage of leases under one year. But the ones that go longer than a year are about the same profile as they were before. And with respect to escalation structures, pretty much consistent with before, slightly more free rent on the front end, which is how the effective rent comes down. I think Tom mentioned that the effective rents were down 1.7%. Face rents haven't changed all that much in most markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico from Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Sumit Sharma: Hi, guys. Sumit here again. Thank you for taking my question again. So Walmart is closed on Thanksgiving, and that goes to assume that they are expecting more online sales traffic. Layering in Prologis' US portfolio and thinking about it from a infill perspective, how does that manifest in terms of increased rent growth for those properties? What I'm thinking of is not your properties off of Tracy or Exit 8 New York City, but more kind of stuff that you have in, let's say, the Meadowlands in New York City or Bronx. When you're underwriting these properties, what's the sort of rent growth you're putting in today? And how does situations on the grounds like what we are hearing with Walmart and other retailers change your view?
Hamid Moghadam: The thing I would say about Walmart specifically is that, obviously, we had them in one property in the Bronx. And as you probably have read in the headlines, they no longer needed that property because of what you described and we were able to re-lease it with no interruption to another major e-commerce player at actually very attractive economics. So that's the only direct impact that I can see from Walmart if your question is specific to Walmart. And they didn't have much of a presence in the New York area anyway too, for it to be a headwind. So, they were just really getting started. They had tried for many years to get into that market, but it had proven to be a difficult market to get into. And it appeared for a while that e-commerce was the way they were going to come into the market and apparently, they've changed their mind. I don't know if your question was broader than Walmart. But that's the story with Walmart.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manny Korchman from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Hi. It's Michael Bilerman with Manny. Hamid, at the November Investor Day, one of the topics the team has spent a lot of time focused on was trying to have value beyond the real estate and really trying to find solutions to a lot of the supply chain costs that would essentially allow you to be able to garner more rent. So looking at transportation, digital data solutions, looking at labor costs and trying to find opportunities for your tenants to reduce those costs and ergo allow them to pay you more rent. And I think you talked a little bit earlier before about how rent is a smaller part of the overall cost structure. Therefore, if we're able to get benefits from all those other items, we should be allowed to charge more rent. Where do you sort of stand? And have you been able to advance any of these initiatives further, ultimately getting to that, I think it was like a $150 million of potential upside over time as you implemented these things?
Hamid Moghadam: Sure, Michael. I'm glad you brought that up because that's a very important part of what we are spending time on. And I'll let Gary give you the real answer. But from my vantage point, our performance there has been mixed. So with respect to the things that are going very well, I would say our LED initiative, our procurement initiatives, our services and our product offerings that go with the use of warehouse are going pretty well and are generally on track. The more aspirational aspects of our product offerings, transportation, IoT, I would say those are too early to have a result. On the labor front, we're actually making really good progress as well. So it's a mixed picture. COVID has also obviously interrupted our ability to market some of those services to our customers. They are frankly focused on other problems right now. But we come up with new products to offer to them in this time, like deep-cleaning services and other things that we rolled out were specifically targeted towards COVID. And so I would say, our enthusiasm for that business is the same or stronger than it was before and I would say materially stronger than before. Our execution of it has been pretty good in some areas and has been interrupted by COVID in some other areas, but we haven't changed our objectives in the medium term on that. Gary, do you want to provide more color there?
Gary Anderson: Yeah, just a little bit. Michael, if you remember, we had shown a bull's eye at our Investor Day. And the kind of the bull's eye is the area that we were currently focused. Those are the areas that Hamid was talking about. In that period that we've gotten some pretty good traction. So -- and growing revenues there, it's not huge. [Technical Difficulty] delayed for transportation and IoT and we believe that those are little bit longer term. In [indiscernible], I think we're more optimistic about essentials, then we would leave it at that point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: So if I remember correctly, when you guys bought Liberty and IPT, it was part of the original plan to sell off assets. And you've done a lot of it already, but I believe 2021 was supposed to be a kind of material year for dispositions. Any update to those plans?
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah, Ki Bin, if you remember in the last call and actually the call before that, we pushed that back. We are very under deployed right now. Our leverage is under 20%. And so there is no rush whatsoever to sell those properties. If you do a little bit of poking around, you pretty quickly figure out that we've got a pretty significant portfolio from IPT -- from Liberty for sale in the UK. And that one, we are in the process of collecting letters of interest and offers. And I would tell you that demand for that product is triple or quadruple what we expected. And I think we're going to have a very strong execution on that. But on the rest of it, we're not -- we haven't even put out the packages because why do it? We don't need to do it right now and we can adjust a bit. That's very liquid real estate and we can do that anytime and our decision is to push that out until we have more deployment and meet the capital frankly more.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Petersen from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Jon Petersen: Great. Just a quick one. I know we are top on the hour here. Any chance you guys could break out rent collection between Europe and the US? Asia is smaller, but maybe there too. I'm just curious if there is any material difference between those markets.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. We actually look at that on a daily basis and, obviously, even more detail than what you just asked. We look at it by country, and we can have the ability to actually drill it down by market. So obviously, we're always focused on collections. But I would say we are a lot more focused on collections in the last four months or five months. And we have very good data on that. I would say there are two countries that stand out as collections being materially lower than elsewhere. And those are France and the UK. And part of it is that the government has gone out there and basically said, you don't have to pay your rents. And so a lot of people are -- and a lot of very healthy companies, I mean, household names are just choosing not to pay the rent for now. But their ultimate collection of those numbers, of those rents are not subject to those regulations. And we believe we'll collect the vast majority of them. But if you take those two markets out, Asia is on the other side, we have no deferrals or no late payments almost or no defaults to speak up in Asia. So if you throw it all in the blend there, the numbers are very comparable between the US. They are within a couple of 100 basis points between the US and the rest of the world. And with the two that I mentioned being the meaningful deviations. I think that was the last question. So, really want to thank you for your participation. Sorry about all the logistical glitches today, but that's the world we live in. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Take care.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-21 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Prologis Q1 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Mariana, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Also note that this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Tracy Ward. Tracy, you may begin.
Tracy Ward: Thanks, Mariana, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates as well as management's beliefs and assumptions.  Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filings. Additionally, our first quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures. And in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. This morning, we'll hear from Gene Reilly, our Chief Investment Officer who will comment on real time market condition; and Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results and guidance. Hamid Moghadam, Gary Anderson, Chris Caton, Mike Curless, Ed Nekritz, Colleen McKeown and Tim Arndt are also here with us today. With that, I'll turn the call over to Gene. And Gene, will you please begin? 
Eugene Reilly: Thanks, Tracy. We appreciate everyone joining us today and we hope you and yours are all well. We're glad to report that our teams are healthy and working productively on a remote basis. Our first quarter was very strong in all types of the business and Tom will cover these details. I'm going to focus on what we're seeing right now and our outlook for the year. While we are just 30 to 90 days into the COVID economy, we are seeing short-term effects play out very differently across our customer industry sectors. At this time, roughly 60% of our customers are growing and 40% are shrinking.  Next week Chris Caton will be issuing his fourth COVID white paper specifically on this topic of customer demand segmentation. At the extreme ends of the spectrum categories like food and beverage and consumer staples have sales up significantly; and conversely, cloth and sporting goods and home furnishings are all down sharply.  Our customers in contraction are going through a short-term shock, some will recover fairly quickly, others face a longer transition to normalcy, and unfortunately certain businesses will not survive. At the same time, the pandemic has led to significant growth for the industries I mentioned, serving the stay at home economy. And we continue to experience elevated e-commerce demand, a 40% share of new leasing versus 23% pre-crisis.  With the benefit of customer dialogue and applied research, we factored in tailwinds and headwinds to arrive at our revised 2020 earnings guidance. Our portfolio quality, customer composition and balance sheet strength are mitigating the headwinds and our disciplined efforts to dispose off $15 billion of non-strategic assets over the past several years, that is paying dividends today.  Turning to the long-term impacts, we believe some of the changes brought on by the pandemic will be durable. COVID is very likely to accelerate a share shift from brick and mortar to e-commerce retail. We also believe the growing importance of safety stock will lead to higher global inventory levels over time. These trends will increase demand for logistics real estate in the long-term, but will also have a positive effect on 2020 activity and we're already seeing this. Chris and his team have updated our forecast for logistics real estate market fundamentals and now expect the following for full year 2020.  In the U.S. supply will total 225 million square feet, an 18% year over year decline. U.S. net absorption will total a 100 million square feet, the lowest level since 2010 and a 55% year-over-year decline driving the vacancy rate up 90 basis points to 5.4%. Europe will have similar reductions in the supply and demand resulting in a 130 basis point vacancy rate increase to 5.2%. Japan's vacancy rate will increase from a record low of 1.4% to 2.8%. In summary, occupancies in all geographies will decline but also end the year at very healthy levels historically.  Our proprietary leasing data shows that the spike in leasing activities we witnessed in March, and talked you all about a couple of weeks ago, has settled down. We are now seeing volumes generally in line with historical trends. Forward-looking data continues to be encouraging.  During the last 30 days we signed 198 leases amounting to 17.5 million square feet, that's up 21% year-over-year and roughly flat adjusted for portfolio size. Our lease proposal generations are up 21% year-over-year. Lease negotiation gestation periods for new leases have declined by about 14 days year-over-year and retention was just over 80%, a couple hundred basis points higher than comparable historical periods.  After slicing the data in several different ways, we see three clear themes at this point. First, essential consumer product sectors are driving the demand. Second, e-commerce is driving demand across industry sectors. And third, our larger customers are fairing much better than smaller customers in this environment.  Now an update on rent relief requests, growth has slowed here. And to-date, we have received requests representing 4.3% of gross annual rent. Of these requests, 70% were not granted, 23% remain under review and 7% have been granted in the form of rent deferral loans representing 27 basis points of gross annual rent and an average of about 33 days of rent per customer.  As mentioned on our last call, this release is targeted at our smaller customers with legitimate need stemming from COVID and not through opportunistic requests. We believe the total rent deferral loans granted will eventually amount to about 90 basis points of gross annual rent with these loans scheduled for repayment over the remainder of 2020.  Turning to the strategic capital business, our investors remain very positive on the logistics real estate sector. As noted on our last call, the vast majority of redemptions to-date were in progress prior to COVID-19 and there appears to be good secondary market interest for some portion of the redemption activity, but to-date we have seen no trades on the secondary market. Next I would like to provide some context for the updated capital deployment guidance Tom detail in a moment. This guidance assumes virtually no incremental activity in acquisitions, dispositions, speculative development or contributions. Rather than to speculate on future market conditions, we are guiding to volumes that have largely been accomplished already. Most of the volume predicted between now and the year end is build-to-suit activity where the pipeline remains active with multiple leases signed post-COVID actually.  We continue to work closely with customers and municipalities on 30 ongoing projects in 14 markets. Construction continues on 22 of these projects with eight having been halted by local authorities. And to-date we have yet to stop a project at the request of a customer.  While our current leasing data is holding up very well and we see extremely encouraging trends with e-commerce leasing, were planning on a reduced demand environment through the end of 2020. We will have opportunities to serve our customer segments in expansion mode and we will need to support others not so fortunate.  We expect to serve as a reliable alternative for build-to-suit customers, take advantage of investment opportunities as they emerge and manage our strategic capital vehicles prudently and opportunistically in this environment.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Tom. 
Thomas Olinger: Thanks, Gene. First and foremost, I want to echo Genes introductory comments and wish you and your families the best of health during these challenging times. I'll briefly discuss Q1 and then take you through our updated guidance. Starting with results, core FFO for the first quarter was $0.83 a share which was in line with our pre-COVID expectations. We did recognize an expense of $5 million in the quarter or a little less than $0.01 per share related to our donation to the Prologis Foundation for COVID-19 relief efforts.  During the quarter we completed the acquisition and integration for both the IPT and Liberty portfolios. We hit our synergy targets and both portfolios are performing well and in line with our expectations. We leased 34.7 million square feet in the quarter with ending occupancy of 95.5%, down a 100 basis points sequentially as expected. Rent change on rollover remains strong at 25% and was led by the U.S. at 31%. Our share of cash same-store NOI growth was 4.6% which was about 30 basis points above our forecast.  Same-store average occupancy for the quarter was 85 basis points lower year-over-year, again, consistent our expectations. As of yesterday, we've collected 85% of April rent, which is in 1% of our normal pace. Rent due dates vary by country and about 5% of our rent isn't due until the back half of the month. As Gene noted, we've granted $18 million in rent deferrals, [$9 million] of which relates to April. All granted deferrals are structured to be repaid in 2020.  For deployment, we started $300 million in new development projects which were 85% pre-leased. Stabilizations were $690 million with an estimated margin of 39% and value creation of $270 million. Additionally, we realized more than $280 million in development gains through early April.  Looking to the balance sheet, we enter this crisis in a position of strength with significant liquidity and borrowing capacity. Liquidity at quarter end was $4.6 billion and we have cleared out our debt maturities until 2022. The combined leverage capacity of Prologis and our open-ended vehicles at levels in line with current ratings is well over $10 billion.  Turning to guidance for 2020. Our approach is twofold; first, to exercise prudence; and second, use a broader range of outcomes given the uncertainty. While the full economic impact is difficult to quantify, our guidance assumes reduced demand into the third quarter with the operating environment beginning to recover towards the end of the year. Here are the key components of our guidance on our share basis. Our cash same store NOI, were decreasing the midpoint by 225 basis points and now expect growth to range between 1.75% and 3.25%. The decrease in the midpoint assumes average occupancy will be down a 100 basis points in range between 94.5% and 95.5%.  We expect retention to increase about 500 basis points and be in the mid 70% range. We are estimating bad debt expense to range between 100 basis points and 150 basis points of gross revenues. The midpoint of 125 basis points compares to 20 basis points of bad debt expense embedded in our prior guide. It's important to note this bad debt midpoint is on an annual basis, which means we've reserved a much higher percentage based on the remaining 2020 revenue, particularly if our positive cash collection trends continue. As we discussed in our call earlier this month, our bad debt expense peaked at 56 basis points during the GFC. At the midpoint, our annual guidance for bad debt is more than double that historical high and almost 3 times that level at the upper end of the range, again, on an annualized basis.  As Gene mentioned, we believe rent deferrals granted will amount to about 90 basis points. While we expect these deferrals to be repaid, we have factored in the potential for credit loss for the deferrals as well as elsewhere in the portfolio. We have included the impact of downtime resulting from potential bad debt in our occupancy forecast. We're assuming no rent growth for the remainder of the year. Rents for leases signed since March 1st have been about 200 basis points ahead of our expectations, while rents for lease assigned in the first two months of this year were about a 100 basis points better.  We expect rent change to be in the mid 20% range and keep in mind our in place to market rent spread is currently approximately 15%. For strategic capital, we expect revenue excluding promotes the range between $345 million and $355 million, down $5 million due to lower forecasted deployment by our funds. We are maintaining our net promote income for the full year of $0.15 per share based on quarter end valuations. The vast majority of the 2020 promote revenue will be recognized in the second quarter.  For net G&A we're forecasting a range between $270 million and $280 million, down $5 million at the midpoint. Our G&A for the year is down about $10 million due primarily to lower T&E, offset by the $5 million contribution to the Foundation. From a foreign currency standpoint, we continue to be extremely well insulated from FX movements through the next three years and our U.S. dollar net equity is over 95%.  As Gene mentioned we stopped all new speculate development and have halted construction on many spec projects that had recently started. We now expect development starts for the year to the range between $500 million and $800 million with build-to-suits comprising more than 70% of this volume. The cost to complete our active development pipeline is currently $1.6 billion.  For acquisitions and dispositions and contributions guidance, while not our expectation, we are simply forecasting no incremental activity other than a few transactions currently under contract. For net deployment uses we're now projecting $200 million at the midpoint, down $450 million from our prior guidance. The net deployment changes had a minimal impact on earnings given the timing of that activity.  Taking these assumptions into account, we are lowering our 2020 core FFO guidance midpoint by $0.11. We now expect a range between $3.55 and $3.65 per share, which includes $0.15 of net promote income. We believe we've approached the forecast quite conservatively with no assumption reasonably made more severe given what we know today. We have limited roll, dramatically reduced deployment and reserve for bad debt and multiples of the GFC. And even with that year-over-year growth at the midpoint excluding promotes remained strong at over 10%, all while keeping leverage flat.  We continue to maintain significant dividend coverage at 1.5 times and our 2020 guidance implies a payout ratio in the mid 60% range. Longer term, we feel more positive about our business given the emergence of two new structural demand drivers. First, there will be a need for more inventory as supply chains emphasize resiliency over efficiency; and second, an acceleration of e-commerce adoption.  In closing, 2020 will be a tough year for many. However, despite the uncertainty, Prologis is very well prepared. We enter this unprecedented time with the healthiest fundamentals on record, an extremely well positioned portfolio, a significant in place to market rent spread and a strong balance sheet.  And with that, I'll turn it back to the operator for your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO. Your line is open. 
Jeremy Metz : Gene you gave some good high level color here at the start. I was just wondering if you could break it down a little further here in terms what you're seeing or if you foresee any outside impact from any particular region or city, big box or small box, infill or secondary markets, maybe just a little color what you're seeing across those channels, what your expectations are? And then as a follow-up question outside the same-store pool, are your occupancy and bad debt assumptions similar to the recent portfolios you closed, Liberty in particular? Thanks. 
Eugene Reilly: Okay. Ill -- Jeremy, I may have Tom comment on the last question. But in terms of the sort of the composition of what's happening on the demand front, I mean probably it's really more industry segment and size segment than any particular geography. Obviously our Houston operation is facing headwinds from both COVID and plummeting oil prices. So that's our toughest market right now. But otherwise, the industry segments I mentioned are strongest. And clearly in this environment, smaller customers are having a tougher time than larger. And with respect to the -- one of the market I'd probably throw in there is Atlanta, which, in Atlanta we actually have a fairly high percentage of our smaller customers as well. So Tom, I dont know if you want to take the...
Thomas Olinger: Yes, Jeremy. From a bad death perspective, we looked at the portfolio across the entire stack. We looked by industry, the customer composition and we looked at it consistently across the entire portfolio. So we don't see anything unique about any of our recently acquired portfolios. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Manny Korchman with Citi. Your line is open. 
Manny Korchman: It might be too early to be asking about 2021. But just given the sort of slowdown in pace or trajectory in 20, how do we think about your 2021 growth? And how that's going to sort of either slow or maybe rebound quicker as we sit today? 
Eugene Reilly: I think our business is going to be somewhat slower before the vaccine and much higher after the vaccine. So you tell me when the vaccine is going to come through, which is a real permanent solution and I'll tell you how that makes us going to work for the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Feldman with Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Jamie Feldman : Thank you. I was hoping you could focus a little bit more on the smaller tenant discussion. I mean, what have you seen in terms of government stimulus being able to actually help out those tenants? Just maybe some more color in terms of, how bad is it really for small versus large and what are the factors you guys are watching to see if they can get help or they're not going to get help or just as much color as you can provide would be great? 
Eugene Reilly: So Jamie, let me first make a distinction. Smaller tenants don't necessarily mean smaller companies that occupy those spaces. So you got to distinguish between the mom and pops and smaller locations for creditworthy company. So not all small tenants are under pressure. Secondly, the -- if you're a contractor or a supplier to a residential construction or some kind of an auto related use, for sure your business is down and you're going to be struggling in this environment. Too soon to tell how the government support is going to help. But at least on the levels of support that we've talked about so far, I don't think it fully replaces the revenue and the margins that they've lost during this period. But I can tell you, a lot of the demand for their products is deferred demand.  And if they can make it through this crisis, I think they'll be the beneficiary of the spring back, on the other side of this. So, tough to tell. The stimulus has been in place for a little less than two weeks. But also the other thing I would say is that there is a ton of monetary stimulus, on top of the fiscal stimulus that's come in. So -- and the attitude that I see with the banking system this time around because the banks are -- and you guys by the way, would know better than I would because you work for a lot of banks, but the banks are oftentimes -- well, they're certainly better capitalized and people seem to be much more cooperative in terms of working with their customers by accommodating them. Because everybody realizes that this is not anybody's problem. It's something that happened differently. This is a definite change in attitude with the government, fiscal, monetary, and with the banking system that's distributing the funds. So I think they're going to work with their customers, including the smaller ones, but some of them unfortunately won't make it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 
Vikram Malhotra : Two quick ones really, just one on the bad debt that you've baked in. Can you just clarify, have you seen any bad debt in the first quarter and can you talk about the second quarter? And then just second question on market rent growth. You referenced baking in no rent growth. I just want to clarify, are you referring to market rent growth in 2020? And just give us a little bit more color maybe by major regions? 
Eugene Reilly: Let me pick up on the rent growth question and then I'll pitch it over to Tom for the first part of your question on credit loss. Let me give you the facts on rent growth. Rent growth in January and February were a 100 basis points higher than what we had projected for those specific spaces. Rent growth for March surprisingly was 200 basis points higher than what we had projected for those spaces. So, so far we haven't seen evidence of rental decline or deceleration in growth.  However, we've assumed that in the forecast that Tom shared with you, because absent perfect information, you got to be conservative with respect to rental growth forecast. So those are two specific data points. The third data point I'll give you is that we have projected certain grants for the two acquired portfolios, IPT and LPT. And in both cases the spaces that we've rolled over have been on the range of 4% to 5% higher rents than we had forecast for those portfolios late last year when we underwrote them.  Tom, you want to talk about the credit loss? 
Thomas Olinger : Ys. So on bad debt experienced in the first quarter, we saw write-offs of 25 basis points. And in April, we've seen nothing unusual, as I talked about our April collections are trending normally, as did March. And as I mentioned, we are conservative here by almost any measure you can look at on the bad debt and we're reserved appropriately to cover a really severe downside on the AR side. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. 
Blaine Heck : So you guys mentioned that you guys are moving forward with the 30 build-to-suits under construction, are there other build-to-suits that might've been in the plan to start construction later this year. And if so, can you talk about the probability of those continuing as planned as well and whether there are any kind of renegotiations happening on those with respect to the rent side of the equation?
Mike Curless: Hey, Blaine. Its Mike Curless. The 30 build-to-suits are well underway. We haven't heard anything from any customers to say differently. So that is a very good sign. And in terms of the prospect list, I would say it's a bit shorter in number, but the people on that list are as active as ever. E-commerce is a big driver of those. You've read a lot about Amazon's activity across the board. We've seen signed leases this year. In order of magnitude we signed 10 leases this year compared to seven this time last year. And three of those, as Gene mentioned, came in the last several weeks. So its a bunch of good signs with respect to the underpinning of e-commerce relative to build-to- suit. There's -- I'm not seeing any renegotiations underway and we have really good opportunities for tailwind here, given the lack of spec that you're going to see in the marketplace. So I'd say the prospect list is naturally a bit shorter, but pretty robust. And we're optimistic about the build-to-suit activity this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Green with Evercore. Your line is open.
Jason Green: Good morning. Just a question on bad debt guidance, on the business update call you mentioned that bad debt could trend as high as 100 basis points and now guidance incorporates 125 basis points at the midpoint. I know these are similar figures, but just curious if you saw anything in the last few weeks that made that estimate trend higher?
Thomas Olinger : No, just let me clarify. We did not actually guide on bad debt in any way and we were very careful to draw the distinction between operating performance and any kind of financial guidance. The number that we talked about 100 basis points on that call is the equivalent of the 90 basis points that Gene talked about. That is the forecast amount of total rent that is going to be subject to deferral. That is at related but not the same concept as the write off, because we fully expect obviously the ones that we have deferred to make good on that deferral. Now a portion of them will probably default. And a portion of the ones that didn't ask for a deferment could default. So the 90 basis points of deferral is very different than the 125 basis points on average of credit loss. The other thing I want to make sure you understand is that the 125 basis point is applied across the year. And certainly as you heard from Tom, the first quarter was 20 basis points and we know what that was. So we're carrying another 100 basis points of room from the first quarter into future quarters, and we've got 125 basis points to start with across the whole year. So the amount that we have reserved for anything that could default is significantly higher than what appears on the surface. Let me be even more specific. Not all tenants are going to default that are going to default are going to default on April 1st. If they default, they're likely to default during the course of the year. So on average, they're going to default in July. If you just ratably divide it, which means on that basis alone were almost 3 times the actual number covered for default risk and default outcomes. And another way you can get at it is that in the global financial crisis, the total written off debt averaged 56 basis points annually and the midpoint this time around is 125 basis points for the remaining, more than 125 basis points for the remaining three quarters significantly higher. So we've got a scenario multiples of times of the global financial crisis factored in.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Mailman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Craig Mailman: Just curious, any of the rent referral requests from tenants that paid April, but are worried about being able to pay May. And then just separately maybe for Chris, you kind of put out a hundred, or you put out your net absorption figures and construction figures this year. Just as we think about 21, I know you're giving guidance. But do you think the slowdown in deliveries in 21 and with the rebound in absorption, could result in better than expected snap backs in 21?
Eugene Reilly: I do, I don't know what, Chris, thinks. But again, snapbacks is not going to happen until everybody's got the all clear signal on the health front. [Multiple Speakers] Everybody talks about the government, when are they going to put people back to work and open up the country for business and all these demonstrations that we see, that's got nothing to do with it. Even if they open up the place for business, a lot of people will have to go back to work and will, but the lot of people who don't have to go to work wont. So I don't think the government action is going to be the trigger for that. I think the all clear is going to have to come from the health front.
Chris Caton: And I think, let me just finish up the answer here, which is to me he's already given me a view on the demand, but it's also important to remember a view on supply. Right now in the marketplace, we were seeing projects the way or not started and that's kind of a material impact on the outlook for delivery in 2021.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Catherwood with BTIG. Your line is now open.
Tom Catherwood: Tom, you mentioned that customers are focusing on resiliency over efficiency now. How do you see this playing out and how are you positioning your portfolio and investments or built to suit activity to assist either with the shift or what it take part in this shift?
Thomas Olinger: So I think our portfolio is already positioned to capture that activity, number one, just given the proximity of portfolio to the consumption base and as we see the acceleration, further acceleration long-term of e-commerce trends, I think we are right there to capture that. And then on the resiliency versus efficiency comment, its clear customers will carry more inventories to protect themselves against future shocks. We'll see that and they're going to want that inventory close to the consumption base to meet consumer demands for delivery time. So I think our portfolio today is positioned and we're going to continue to build out our land bank and further solidify our portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Peterson with Jefferies. Your line is open.
John Peterson: I think about six weeks ago or so, you guys announced the share buyback program. Just curious given public perception around share buybacks and landlords for that matter. Do you think it makes sense to buyback even if the stock price does fall substantially? And if I could sneak in a second unrelated question, I'm just curious what social distancing might mean for some of the different industries in your space. Obviously, some users have very few people in the facilities at any one time, while maybe [Technical Difficulty].
Thomas Olinger : I think you cut off, but I get the gist of your question. On social distancing, I think there are certain categories of our customers that their businesses will continue to suffer like the people servicing the convention trade and hospitality, I think -- or airlines, I think those businesses will continue to suffer. If you mean what is it mean in terms of the actual occupants of our buildings, the people who work in our building. The most people intensive operations that we have are the e-commerce players and you have read the same things I have about Amazon and other e-commerce players, and some of the controversy that's been out there. But I think those companies have been very responsible actually in terms of not only providing a lot of employment during this difficult time, but also having a lot of controls in terms of checking people's temperatures. And now I understand they're going to go to some pretty regular testing, serology testing. So, I think they're doing the best they can to actually get people back to business. So you and I can actually get our groceries and other things. And I actually commend them for that. With respect to the share buyback program, you know we did buyback $35 million of stock when the stock got into the 60s. And we felt that that was a very, very significant discount to NAV and it was a compelling opportunity. And to be honest with you, after doing that I changed my mind and then thought the perception of that is not going to be great. So we took all the profits that we made there and our intention is to put all those profits back into the Prologis foundation, and it was a pretty substantial amount of profit. So I think actually we're going to do some good with it going forward. But we haven't, I haven't fully thought through the perception of it and -- but we made some money and we're going to spend it for a good cause.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [Sumit] for Nick. Just a quick question on short term leasing and lease terminationss actually. So lease terminations while too small have almost doubled as a percent of revenue this quarter versus Q1 last year and versus the last quarter that is Q4 of 2019. So just trying to understand besides the bad debt and all that, just trying to understand what you're seeing in terms of tenants from markets that are seeing elevated levels of terminations? Any color would be useful.
Thomas Olinger: This is Tom, Sumit. On the lease terminations, there's nothing unique, theyre episodic. And what we saw in Q1 was not particularly unusual. It was just related to a tenants needs and we helped them out in another space as well. There were couples like that. So its episodic. There's no trending that we see with termination fees being foreshadowing any other type of activity. I just don't see it.
Eugene Reilly: So the only thing I would add to Tom's answer is that it's a billion square foot portfolio. And in our business unlike the office business, there's not a lot of lease termination fee anyway. So it's one of those things where a very small number could have increased by a large percentage and it's still a very small number, and those things moved around by very specific decision. Keep in mind we have 15% spread to market and that spread, if anything, is still there and maybe as we expanded a little bit. So sometimes the lease terminations are an opportunity for us to make some money on buying out a tenant and actually make some more money by re-leasing the space.  So lease terminations are not necessarily bad in our business and they're minuscule in the scale of the portfolio. And I apologize if we don't remember every single one of them. We have over 8,000 leases.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim: So first question, can you just talk about your exposure to at risk tenancy or industry? And the second, just taking a step back, if I put your comments about rent spreads and market rent being flat, putting it all together. It kind of seems a little bit optimistic given what's going on the macro fund. So, what am I missing from your views? Is it really the tenant by tenant leasing that you're doing that gives you confidence in that or something else?
Thomas Olinger : Well, first of all, I don't think I gave you a forecast for market rent. I was very careful to tell you, let me tell you actually what has happened. And I distinguish between the activity in January and February, which was up 1% compared to our expectations versus March that was up 2%. But our forecast don't incorporate rents going up, we basically pushed that out for the balance of this year. And as someone else pointed out, we haven't issued guidance for next year but we do think there's going to be a snap back next year that's going to result in rent growth. If you were going ask me right now, it's not a fully baked idea. So our official view on rent growth is that it's flat for the year and we're writing out some rent growth. So you can think of it as a slight decline or something, but we're not smart enough to be able to forecast those things with precision. The good news is that market rent growth has very little to do with our numbers in the near future. We have only 8% of the space that rolls over and we have 15% mark to market and a greater amount on the ones that roll over this year. So really what drives rent and operating results is the mark-to-market and the small percentage of rollover. So I don't think it's going to be a big deal.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Frankel with Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Just two quick questions. Do you have an economic forecast that underlies your operating guidance this year? And then just regarding kind of the safety stock and inventory resilience team, have you talked with any customers and specific industries that have brought this up, or is this kind of your assumptions just based on your experience or your internal data? Thank you.
Thomas Olinger : Eric, honestly, I'm really surprised with your question. Have we talked to any customers? That just really blows me away. We are very customer centric. We have a Chief Customer Officer, who in addition, as part of the executive team, who spends all his time and a dedicated team talking to our major customers. And we have over 500 customer facing people in the field that are in constant dialog with our customers. So yes, we do speak to our customers quite a bit. As to economic forecast, I don't spend a lot of time looking at economic forecasts, because I've seen much smarter people than Prologis have forecasts that are down 5% a year and some that have down 40% this year. So I don't know what it is. I just look at customer behavior when we forecast our business. And yes, in the long term, our business is completely correlated with consumption, which is highly correlated with economic growth or decline. But in the short term, the dynamics of e-commerce, the stay at home economy and the need to carry more inventory overwhelm those kinds of longer term considerations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: I was hoping you could provide some more color on the rent deferments, the 33 days of average rent that is being deferred on those specific tenants. Is that enough for them to survive this type of market turmoil? I mean, I'm assuming you've done that type of analysis. And I think as the second part. What percentage of these smaller tenants qualify for the stimulus package? And does that give you more confidence that you're going to be able to collect these deferments by the end of the year?
Mike Curless: Yes, there's a high percentage of our customers that we've been interacting with and that we think will qualify for the stimulus and we're seeing evidence of that already in the U. S. We've had several examples where customers initially contacted us only to call us two weeks later and say, hey, look, this stimulus kicked in. So you know, May will be a little bit of a wait and see but we expect high percentage of those customers receiving that, that activity. And then with respect to the 33 days, again as Hamid mentioned, we know our customers very well. We've had a very thorough process. We've looked at their financials, they filled out the questionnaires. And that's been our best estimate of what's going to be necessary to bridge them to the next opportunity for them. So that's where we are.
Eugene Reilly: And just kind as to the last question, as you heard in our update call and I think you heard somewhere today about 20% to 25% of our customer base at some point has had a discussion with respect to some kind of rent deferral. And of course on those we've granted a very small portion of it. We expect to ultimately maybe grant 30% and today its more like 5%. So that alone means we've had direct discussion with 25% of the customer base. Well, on a billion square foot portfolio that's 250 million square feet. So we've had conversations, multiple sizes of many, many big companies in the sector with our customers, just about that topic during this period of time. So yes, we're really talking to customers all the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Guinee with Stifel. Your line is open.
John Guinee: I might've missed this and if I did, just tell me. But I don't think you mentioned anything about near shoring or on shoring as effect on your business. And then second, Tom, it looks to me like back of the envelope midpoint of your guidance is a pretty strong ramp, $0.85, to $0.87 to $0.89. Could you talk a little bit about how GAAP accounting plays into your rent deferrals?
Eugene Reilly: Yes, on the on shoring. So most of the stuff is going to get onshore from China and possibly from Mexico to the U. S. at least with respect to the U. S. and with respect to Europe, I don't think that much is going to change. It's probably going to be China shifting to European production. And as you know, our Chinese strategy, first of all, it's a very, very small part of our portfolio. It's about 1.5% of our income is in China. And secondly, it's totally focused towards domestic consumption. We learnt very quickly that the export business doesn't generate a lot of industrial demand, because containers are the warehouse. So to the extent that there's more on shoring in the consumption markets, the U. S. and Europe, I'm not counting on it but by definition, that's incremental demand on top of the consumption demand. So it should help on the margin. And the reason we haven't really factored in it is that those are likely to go to really lower cost locations and where real estate is cheap and labor is cheap, and we're really well positioned for the infill large urban market. So likely you're not going to put a plant to on shore in downtown San Francisco or any place like that, or LA, you're going to go to a cheaper environment. So I think it will be important positive for U. S. and European demand. But I'm not sure we, because of our geography, are going to be the biggest beneficiaries of that. I think people who are in more remote locations will probably benefit from that. Tom, you want to take the other part of the question?
Thomas Olinger: Yes, your other question on the rent deferrals and the accounting analysis of that. So the way we're structuring our rent deferrals is extending the payment term. And as we mentioned, the payment term, the due dates are within 2020. We certainly expect them to be paid, but the whole analysis on the collectability when you book that revenue, you gain that revenue to be collectible and that's just assessment. So this is relating to April revenue that's being deferred and you make the assessment in April as to the collectability of that revenue and you either book that revenue or you book a reserve, or portion reserve against that based on your assessment of collectability. And then regarding the ramping or what is earnings look like from a quarterly perspective, clearly, Q2 will be heavily influenced by the promote, because that's when the bulk of that will land. And then it's really a function of what we see, quite frankly, from a bad debt experience. As we said, we've got a lot of bad debt reserve that's sitting there for the rest of the year. And I think our results are going to move relative to what happens there.
Eugene Reilly: The only thing that I would add John to that is that prior to these adjustments, downward adjustments, our year-over-year growth was on the order of I think 13%, 14% FFO growth, 14% FFO growth, actually. And that's a big number. So it's come down 4%. So maybe another way of asking your question is how come your guidance previously was so high and still is high. And the reason for that is primarily that the volume of development starts in prior years that we're just having capitalized interest in them are now coming on, and there are a lot of built of suits in those and those are now fully income producing. So we had them in the denominator as capital expenditures where we werent earning a whole lot on them. And as they stabilized and they're leased those extra earnings are coming online. So it has nothing to do with this changed environment. It was just high to start with because of that and remains pretty healthy. I mean, I think 10% growth year-over-year even in the strongest environments without increasing leverage.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dave Rodgers with Baird. Your line is open.
Dave Rodgers: Maybe for Tom and Hamid, just about asset values. I know Tom, you talked about the promote being consistent in the guidance and the reason why is the pricing at the end of the first quarter. I guess I just wanted to drill on that if I could and the idea that you guys have taken market rents to more of a neutral stance this year, you've taken market vacancy outlook higher. I guess maybe why wouldn't that impact the valuation of assets as you sit here in a very point in time and is there any risk to that promote? And then maybe just a follow up to that, Gene youd said something earlier that the number of leases that you were doing, I think was flat on a portfolio size adjusted basis. Did you give the square footage for those and are they smaller deals in the pipeline, or larger ones? Any color there would be helpful as well? Thank you.
Thomas Olinger : On the appraisals, what we've seen in the first quarter appraisals is that generally the numbers are up very slightly but the appraiser is like 1% or 2% quarterly. And appraisers have basically stickered the appraisals as they normally do and markets with turmoil that talk about that there are no cons et cetera, et cetera. But the real answer on that is that because promotes are such a sensitive calculation to the terminal value, these are generally three year promotes. And if you move around the terminal value a little bit the promotes can move around we're generally very conservative and projecting and guiding promotes. And we feel like we've got sufficient room to absorb any kind of a downside there. The other thing I would say is that more than half of the projected promote is a hold back of promote from three years ago, and the amount of which was determined and calculated and is known and that number will not change. So a big portion of that number we know exactly what it is more than 50%. So to the extent there's variabilities on that last I would say 40% of it, 60% of it is backed.
Eugene Reilly: Well, let me just answer the second part of the question, which is the experience in the last 30 days of leasing. We have seen more leasing in the bigger size segments so we'll happy to clarify that for you later on but definitely bigger customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Derek Johnston: You've covered a lot, so let's do this. So PLDs grown rapidly and I will say accretively over the past few years and in 2019 had additional large acquisitions. Meanwhile, investor sentiment has so far remained positive on industrial rates. However, amid this serious pause and probable tenant shakeout, what is it about the larger portfolio and positioning, you know which makes you most optimistic in these uncertain times?
Eugene Reilly: Well, we've had a half of experience on the two latest acquisitions. And Tom, last time we talked about this couple of days ago, we were up about 5% on our underwriting of those portfolios based on activity that's already taking place. So we feel really good about it. Oh, sure, Houston energy is worse than we thought and Liberty had a pretty significant presence in Houston, and we did too but again it is a billion square foot portfolio. And on the other hand, Pennsylvania has done a lot better than we thought previously, because a lot of the New York adjacent demand and the big boxes have, for some strange reason, taking up a lot of space in Pennsylvania. So that's looking better and that's actually a bigger portfolio. So net, net all the reasons for which we did those investments that we articulated before stand. And on top of that, they've just performed better than we expected, so that's a really good start. I don't know whether that will continue for the next 10 years, but it's better to be 5% ahead of the game than behind the game when you're getting off the block. Does that answer your question? Let's give him an opportunity to ask it again, because it was a complicated question. So if  we didn't answer it, ask it again.
Operator: Your next question comes from Manny Korchman with Citi. Your line is open. 
Michael Bilerman: It's Michael Bilerman here with Manny. I was wondering if you can address a little bit on the capital deployment of what you've changed and you know, looking at the press release, you've brought down your acquisition volumes, both building as well as land by a billion and a quarter. And commensurately, you've got down your disposition volumes as well and you've obviously made a big cut to the development side in terms of starts, which obviously had capital commitments out in the future. And I want to know two things, one, why not take advantage of the marketplace and continue to sell and build liquidities and continue to reshape the portfolio, which youve done in a number of years to improve its quality and location? So why not sell more? And then the second part is on the development side where you've taken a much more conservative approach and ramped down your development. What are you seeing from the industry at large in terms of development? So two separate sort of topics somewhat connected, if you can address that that would be great.
Thomas Olinger : We are chickens and chickens live longer. I mean, when the world is going or falling off the cliff and everybody's talking about GDP going down 40% this quarter or whatever. We had some spec developments, we can try them anytime, theyre entitled they're ready to go. And if we see the demand, we'll start them two months later. We're not saying that that's our forecast. We're saying every quarter we've got to get in front of you guys and give you some assessment of what we think is going to happen. And this is a very turbulent time. I think the fact that we've even put out a guidance and by the way, we don't have an advantage of looking at all the other people and figuring out what they're doing to sort of tailor our message accordingly. We're going back first and we got to stick our neck out. And we have and we've given a range. But we have taken a conservative approach, saying that we're not going to deploy any new capital on discretionary starts of speculative projects, and we're not going to buy anything at yesterday's prices. If prices become different, for sure we're going to use our resources. We have over $10 billion, $11 billion of capacity between the funds and the balance sheet, and we will certainly start those developments once there is leasing that we feel really comfortable about going forward. But we can't predict that, there is no cost to waiting, there's only upside in waiting. So we've covered the downside. We're still well positioned for the upside. And it's not intended to be a forecast. It's just a prudent thing to do. And I hope we're wrong about that and we'll do closer to what we have planned on doing before. But we're not going to get over our skis.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Feldman with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: I get something along the same lines just a quick follow up and then a question. One is, if you could just talk about when you see occupancy bottoming in the portfolio? I know you guys said kind of towards year end things improved. But I'm curious more detailed how you see things through, what the trajectory is for occupancy? And then bigger picture as we think about potential cracks, obviously, there's a lot it cracks. But are you seeing distress among competitors or just versus prior downturns that you've seen? Where do you think, where's the most risk that maybe people aren't thinking about?
Eugene Reilly: Yes, I think we will get a significant increase in occupancy the quarter or the quarter after the vaccine is likely available, maybe even when it's announced and it's definite that it's coming, based on the anticipation of it coming. So you tell me again the date and I'll tell you when that will be. From everything I hear, it's going to be more like next summer-ish, although, there's some really positive developments that I've been hearing about from the scientific community. I mean, we've got a couple of really big medical centers here and I'm in constant dialog with them. And on the therapeutic side, there's some really good stuff happening that we may even hear about in the August, September timeframe. So I think that's when the occupancies will turn around. In terms of the cracks, I would say as I guess Warren Buffett says we'll find out who's been swimming naked as the tide recedes. There are some people that have been, mostly on the private side, by the way, I'm pretty proud of my public brethren by enlarge they've really behaved well throughout the cycle. And I think everybody's kind of pretty disciplined in the sector. But there are a couple of private players, particularly in parts of Europe, Central and Eastern Europe being good example that have really gotten out there on their skis and we'll see what happens. Maybe they're really good skiers. But I would say of all the cycles I've seen, whether it's the 87 collapse or the SNL crisis or dot com or the GSV, I would say there is less of that around much, less of that around than any one of those cycles. I think we are over our time allotment, and we've taken way too much of your time this quarter with two calls. So let me thank you for your interest in the company and invite you to our next quarterly call. And hopefully, we'll all be much more optimistic than we are in this environment. And everyone stay healthy. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-22 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Prologis Q4 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Julianne, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. Also note that this conference is being recorded.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Tracy Ward. Tracy, you may begin.
Tracy Ward: Thanks, Julianne, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2019 conference call. The supplemental document is available on our IR website on prologis.com. I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filings.  Additionally, our fourth quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures. And in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures.  On October 27, we announced the merger between Prologis and Liberty Property Trust. Materials regarding the transaction are posted on the company's website and are available on the SEC's website. This includes the joint proxy statement containing detailed information about the transaction.  This call will focus on our fourth quarter and full year results as well as our 2020 outlook. The company will not provide comments related to this transaction beyond what is included in our prepared remarks. This morning, we'll hear from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover guidance, results and the company's outlook. And also with us today for today's call are Hamid Moghadam, Gary Anderson, Chris Caton, Mike Curless, Colleen McKeown, Ed Nekritz and Gene Reilly.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom and we'll get started.
Thomas Olinger: Thank you, Tracy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today. The fourth quarter closed out another excellent year. Core FFO was $0.84 per share for the quarter, $3.31 per share for the year. The full year includes a record for net promotes of $0.18 per share. Core FFO, excluding promotes, grew 10% for the year and was more than 2% above our initial guidance. As we enter 2020, market conditions are very good and we've seen no meaningful impact on our business from trade or retailer bankruptcies. Supply chains are increasingly mission critical to our customers' businesses, which is generating demand as they undergo structural changes to deliver high service levels.  We see increased requirements across markets and product categories as more customers seek to strengthen their fulfillment capabilities. Our proprietary customer metrics reflect healthy activity, showing deal gestation and conversion rates are consistent with the third quarter. U.S. market fundamentals remain excellent. I'd like to share Prologis' assessment of supply and demand as data providers use a variety of methodologies, resulting in a range of estimates. Completions in 2019 were 275 million square feet, flat compared with 2018. Higher replacement costs, land scarcity, the elongated permitting remain governors to supply.  Net absorption was 240 million square feet, but limited by historic low market vacancy, which ended the year at 4.6%, up 10 basis points from last quarter and 20 basis points from last year. Market rents in our U.S. portfolio increased by 8% in 2019. We have no new additions to our watch list this quarter, but here is some color on two markets that remain on the list. In Houston, while demand is strong, vacancy is 6.7% and expected to remain elevated, which will constrain near-term rent growth. We have a low role in the IPT and LPT Houston portfolios in 2020.  Our near-term outlook for Pennsylvania is more positive, specifically core Lehigh Valley, where demand has accelerated, the supply pipeline has decreased and vacancy declined 140 basis points to 3.2% at year-end. In Europe, activity remains healthy. Rent growth on the continent in 2019 was more than 6%, the highest on record. Fundamentals in Japan continue to improve, with vacancy in Tokyo and Osaka at their lowest point in 5 years and rent growth is accelerating.  Turning to operations for the quarter. We leased nearly 38 million square feet with an average term of 73 months. Quarter-end occupancy was flat sequentially at 96.5%, while the U.S. ticked down 30 basis points as our team is focused on pushing rate and term. Rent change on rollover was just under 30% and led by the U.S. at 34%.  Our share of cash same-store NOI growth was 4.6% and was impacted by a 60 basis point reduction in average occupancy, again, consistent with our strategy to maximize long-term lease economics. Globally, our in-place to market rent spread increased once again and is now over 15.5% or more than $450 million in annual NOI.  Moving to Strategic Capital. 2019 was a record-breaking year. We raised $6.5 billion of equity from 75 new and existing investors and grew our third-party AUM to $38 billion. Our Strategic Capital business delivers a durable revenue stream with 90% of fees coming from long-term or perpetual vehicles, a critical differentiator that is often overlooked and undervalued.  For deployment, we had a record year for development starts and stabilizations. We started $2.9 billion in new projects, 43% of which were build-to-suit. Stabilizations were $2.5 billion with an estimated margin of 37% and value creation of $911 million. Additionally, we realized $468 million in development gains in 2019.  We continue to have significant investment capacity to self-fund our run rate deployment for the foreseeable future, with over $11 billion of liquidity and potential fund sell-downs as well as an incremental $4.5 billion of third-party investment capacity in our ventures today.  For 2020, given we just held our Investor Forum in November, our guidance remains consistent and includes the acquisitions of IPT, which closed on January 8; and Liberty, which we expect to close on February 4. Here the highlights on an our share basis, but for complete detail, refer to Page 5 of our supplemental. Our cash same-store NOI growth range is unchanged at 4.25% to 5.25%. And I'd like to highlight 2 points. First, we're increasing our 2020 global market rent forecast by 120 basis points to 4.8%. This increase will have a minimal impact on same-store this year, given our lease expirations, but importantly, will increase our mark-to-market and future NOI growth. And second, the first quarter of 2020 will be up against a tough comp from Q1 of 2019, which benefited from an 80 basis point occupancy uplift. As a result, we expect same-store NOI growth to be lower in the first quarter, but then accelerate in the back half of the year.  For Strategic Capital, I expect revenue, excluding promotes, of $350 million to $360 million and net promote income of $115 million. The IPT integration is largely complete and the Liberty closing preparations are on track. We are confident about hitting our Liberty synergy targets on day 1. For dispositions, we now expect a range of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion, which includes approximately $1 billion of sales from the IPT and Liberty portfolios. When we announced the IPT and Liberty acquisitions, we identified approximately $3.8 billion of combined nonstrategic sale on an our share basis. Of this balance, $350 million has already closed or is under contract. And with the sale of an additional $1 billion in 2020, we will have approximately $2.4 billion of nonstrategic assets remaining at the end of the year, representing just 2% of our asset base. These are good assets. We will work through these portfolios in due time, and we don't see a need to hurry. Given our low leverage at 18%, we will dispose of the nonstrategic assets at a pace that allows us to match sales proceeds with deployment opportunities.  For SG&A, we're forecasting a range between $275 million and $285 million, which includes $6 million to $8 million of onetime transition and wind-down cost related to Liberty. Excluding these costs, annual G&A growth at the midpoint is 2.4%, while managing 15% more real estate.  We expect 2020 core FFO to range between $3.67 and $3.75 per share, including $0.15 of net promote income. Year-over-year growth, excluding promotes, is approximately 14% at the midpoint. To wrap up, we expect 2020 to be another exceptional year of growth. We look forward to adding Liberty's high-quality assets to our portfolio and welcoming 35 of their employees to the Prologis team.  With that, I'll turn it back to Julianne for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Jeremy Metz, BMO.
Robert Metz: Just in terms of the rent side of the house, you obviously continue to see very healthy spreads I think you had previously indicated some of the second half uplift was going to come from the higher percentage of coastal leases rolling here in the U.S. And so as you look at the U.S. here in 2020, is there anything notable in terms of geographic breakdown or just box size breakdown that's creating maybe an outsized opportunity from a rent side and from the increase to the global mark-to-market, the 120 basis points that you mentioned, Tom, how much of that is U.S. versus EU driven?
Thomas Olinger: I'll take the second part of that, Jeremy. The increase -- the majority of the increase of the 120 basis points related to the U.S., Europe -- Continental Europe was about flat. And from a mix standpoint, nothing really stands out. I mean, things can move a little quarter-to-quarter. But given the size of our portfolio, we are very well distributed across space sizes and geographies.
Christopher Caton: Yes, in terms of markets, I mean, you guys can see this reflected in brokerage stats. The vacancy rates will give you a pretty good idea where things are healthy and things aren't. I would say we saw a bit of a slowdown in big box activity during the year in '19, but that actually picked up in that segment later in the year. So if there's anything really new it's that the demand is strengthening a little bit in big box.
Operator: Your next question comes from Derek Johnston from Deutsche Bank.
Derek Johnston: Just a follow-on. Do you feel this big box demand could be due to any delta that we've seen with the Phase 1 trade deal completed or Brexit visibility? And how is 2020 leasing velocity feeling to you guys and shaping up from your vantage due to these 2 events?
Christopher Caton: Yes. I don't think that the pickup in big box has anything to do with the 2 geopolitical items you mentioned. And the year is starting off pretty good. We're early in the year, but I'd say we feel a little better than we did a quarter ago. So things that are starting off well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Mailman from KeyBanc.
Craig Mailman: Just quickly on the clarification. Tom, it sounds like nothing in the underlying assumptions changed here broadly in guidance. But does the improved market rent growth assumption change at all the accretion estimates for IPT or LPT? And then just separately, I know you guys have been aggressively trying to kind of push rents over occupancy. But as you think about kind of revenue management here, is there a lower bound to how far you'd want occupancy to fall here, just given kind of the timing it takes to recoup the lost revenues from downtime?
Thomas Olinger: Craig, I'll take the first part of that. On the accretion from higher rent growth, given the relatively low remaining role for IPT and the LPT portfolios post-acquisition, similar to the [indiscernible] portfolio, you won't see much -- it's pretty minimal impact for 2020. But again, as you point out, the important thing is that it's going to build our in-place to market and drive our same-store growth even more in the out years. And then I'll let Gene respond to revenue management.
Eugene Reilly: Yes. I'd hesitate to put a lower bound on that, but I would say that in general, this is a good opportunity for us to introduce. We've been 97% range. And as you can see, particularly in the U.S., where we have the strongest market opportunities, we're ticking down and we're very comfortable with that in the sort of mid-96% range. Historically, 95% has sort of been a rule of thumb in this business. I think that may be changing. So rather than get specific, I would just say there's some room to go. We're comfortable pushing harder.
Thomas Olinger: The markets that have higher demand as a percentage of base can tolerate a lower occupancy, because it represents fewer periods of lease up in markets that have lower percentage of growth compared to base need to be more full to have the same equivalent pricing power.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nick Yulico from Scotiabank.
Nicholas Yulico: I just wanted to hear a little bit more about kind of what drove the increase in development guidance? And I know you gave the mix on some of the spec versus build-to-suit. But how are you thinking about increasing development right now? And particularly, which markets do you think it's really attractive?
Eugene Reilly: Yes. So let me start with that. So if you look at the health in the markets, as defined by vacancy rates, as I said earlier, that's a good start. We want to focus on markets that are constrained more in the U.S., that's New Jersey, that's Southern California, that's the Bay Area. But it also includes some submarkets, places like Dallas or Chicago. In Continental Europe, there are several places we'd like to be doing more development. But there, you're seeing constraints on supply more significant than really anywhere else in the world.
Thomas Olinger: The reason the number for starts went up is that we have more visibility into this year as we get closer to this year. We were a couple of months earlier. So some of the things that we weren't sure were going to happen happened in a positive way. So the numbers are up. But just like -- for many years, I've commented on acquisition volume being highly predictable. The spec portion of the development volume is -- also has some volatility associated with it. We are not compelled to start spec development, and those are really dependent on minute-by-minute market conditions and the supply-demand dynamics in those markets. The build-to-suits, we'll build, because we're pretty sure of the demand obviously there. But 60% of the spark -- starts is spec. And if the market is better, then we'll do more. And if the market is not as good, we'll do less.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Feldman from Bank of America Securities.
James Feldman: I was hoping you could take kind of a big picture view or provide a big picture view. Maybe reading from the holiday season and just kind of the conversations you're having with tenants, where does it seem like people still need to get their supply chains right, where does it seem like there's still things that aren't going so well. Just as we've been at this for several years now, just how should people think about the runway ahead?
Eugene Reilly: Well, retail sales and the online category grew at 18%. And in the bricks-and-mortar category, it's shrunk in real terms. So that tells you where kind of demand is on the margin, and that demand has gone up. I mean, Amazon is a big chunk of it, and they are probably more active every year. Certainly, going forward, we see them being more active than before. But they're 40-some percent of the market. The other people are catching up, and we are seeing a broadening of demand for e-commerce facilities as we move further into this category. So e-commerce is very strong. And I would say on the margin, the autos are probably a little weaker than they've been historically, and that's sort of a global thing. And probably housing is likely to be stronger than -- on the margin than we saw last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim: So 2019 was the first year where national supply of 1.6% growth outstripped demand of about 1.1%. And there's probably a good degree of nuance in those statistics. For example, in LA, it probably doesn't contribute much to the national demand growth numbers, because you can't absorb what's not available. So when you kind of dig into the numbers, what do you think PLD's exposure is to unfavorable markets where real supply is kind of eating away at the demand?
Thomas Olinger: Well, I mean, if you take our U.S. markets that are in the soft side, I would say, Atlanta, Houston and Pennsylvania would be the 3 markets. Dallas has come off the list. Dallas has just had an incredible run in terms of demand, much better than we expected. And those markets -- those 3 markets represent -- the leasing that remains to be done in those markets this year is about 14% of our total leasing. And once you add IPT and LPT, interestingly, that number goes down to 12% of the remaining leasing that we have to do this year. And the global portfolio also is 12%. So there is no overconcentration, if you will, in the weaker markets. They're exactly in line with our overall markets and they're actually -- -- the percentage is coming down as a result of these two acquisitions. What did I -- I meant Central Valley -- Central PA, if I said something different. These guys are giving me handslick room, so. Anyway, so the weaker markets are proportional to all our other leasing, and we're basically not concerned about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Blaine Heck from Wells Fargo.
Blaine Heck: Maybe I can go at the development starts guidance question from a different angle. 2019 starts came in at $2.9 billion at your share, which was over $1 billion more than you had guided to at the beginning of 2019. Yet for 2020 and despite the IPT and LPT acquisitions, you're looking at start guidance that's $2.2 billion at your share. So I guess, I'm just wondering how much conservatism is built into that start number? And what are the chances we could end up closer to $3 billion again this year?
Thomas Olinger: That would be a good question for you to ask us next year, just like you pointed out this year. I don't know. I mean we don't feel compelled to do any development other than places where there's customer demand. And I think to try to predict something is actually irresponsible, because it then gets the organization to drive to a number, and we don't need to drive to a number. I mean that -- nobody gets paid for driving to a number or anything like that. We'd all get paid as the company does well, and we'll do whatever we can to make sure that the markets stay in balance and that our developments lease up appropriately and that we have good margins. So it's all dependent.  Remember, a year ago, when we were sitting right here, we had just seen the stock market decline significantly. We had ratcheted down our business plan. And the world just looked very different than the way it ended up playing out. And by the way, we weren't the only people who were conservative in our outlook. That was the responsible thing to do. But as the year unfolded and we saw demand being better, we obviously scaled up our activity. We have the land to do it. We have the talent to do it. But we don't feel compelled to do it unless there's demand.
Christopher Caton: We'll always tell you exactly what we think at that moment in time. But particularly with spec development, we will ratchet that down or up as the market tells us. And remember, our development program, it's 200 -- roughly speaking 200 bets across 65 different markets. So it's big and it's going to be dynamic over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Catherwood from BTIG.
William Catherwood: Following up on Blaine's question on the developments, obviously, a huge start quarter in the fourth quarter. And back at the Investor Day, Hamid, you had mentioned how the development time line has extended from 9 to 12 months to kind of 18 months plus. Just given the complexity, due to that and the starts, does that mean you need to carry more land on your books to continue to feed the development pipeline? And if that's the case, kind of where are you looking from a complexity standpoint or a risk standpoint as far as kind of how far out you're willing to go to take risk on land right now?
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. If that were -- Tom, if that were the only variable, that would be the right conclusion to draw. But remember, there are 2 other variables that are going on. One is that we're generally trying to reduced lands as a percentage of our total assets around the company. We're almost to our goal, not quite. And there are actually some markets where we're thin on land and other markets where we're balanced. So that's one headwind going the other way. And also, we're controlling a lot of land via auctions and other things that don't show up on the balance sheet. So that's how we're kind of dealing with the need for more land without taking on more balance sheet exposure. Mike, do you want to say anything about that -- any more about that?
Michael Curless: Yes. In terms of our land exposure, I think we're in pretty good shape. We managed that very effectively last year. And I think we'll be picking land in our strategic spots going forward in the major markets where our customers are migrating to. And I think we're in good shape there.
Hamid Moghadam: And by the way, the extension in the development -- I'm sorry, the expansion in the development cycle is mostly on the front end and on the entitlement side. I mean it's not taking us any longer to physically build buildings. And certainly, our lease-up assumptions to get them stabilized has not been extended. So really it's on the front end on the entitlement.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Rodgers from Baird.
David Rodgers: Tom, you did a good job at the beginning of the call, I think, laying out some of the supply-demand fundamentals that you guys track, and we all use different numbers. But I think one of the things that had been a little concerning was just kind of no matter what source you use, kind of net absorption before the impact of construction has been kind of trailing a little bit lower. I guess maybe throw a couple of questions at that one. Are you guys seeing that as well? And can you kind of denote where that's coming from, maybe outside of a global auto? And then, two, maybe, Hamid, on your comment about Amazon being 40% of the market, can you just clarify, was that 40% of e-commerce or the embedded base and just kind of what you're getting out of that comment?
Eugene Reilly: Yes, they're actually 45% of e-commerce sales, I think, is the latest number. I might be a point or 2 off, but it's as a percentage of e-commerce. And I think e-commerce is like 12% of the overall market. So they're like 4.5% of overall retail sales. I think this came up earlier, but maybe I can emphasize it. The demand is not uniform around the country. And some of the markets where there is exceptional demand, the supply is just so tight that a lot of that demand just doesn't show up. I don't know what that number is, but I can tell you it's a positive number. And God, after 10 years of supply falling short of demand, we've all been predicting this year where supply exceeds demand for the last 5 years, and we've got it now. So -- but -- I mean, it's a big market, it's 15 billion square feet of base, and we've got 30 million feet of difference between supply and demand. And that doesn't even take into account all the real estate -- all the industrial real estate that's being scraped for higher and better uses and is becoming obsolete. So I'm not losing any sleep over that. Chris, do you have...
Christopher Caton: Just on the specific numbers, we have net absorption of 240 million in 2019. The 4-year average is 250 million square feet. So pretty consistent with the 4-year average, and really at work there is the 4.6% vacancy rate that just made it more difficult to absorb stock. And you saw some of that growth more in price than in net absorption, so rents were up 7%, 8% in the U.S. last year. When we look at the demand trends late in the year, as Gene discussed, whether it's really good momentum in the fourth quarter or whether it's our proprietary indicators, like the IBI, which is at 61, makes us feel like growth will improve in 2020.
Eugene Reilly: Yes, the picture going into 2019 was much more negative than -- I mean -- or less positive. I mean it was positive, but it was less positive than it is today. Market feels a lot better right now than it did on the call a year ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Green from Evercore.
Jason Green: Just a question on development yields. In total, you're developing assets now to 120 basis point spread per this supplemental. I guess at what point do spreads become too narrow to continue developing assets?
Hamid Moghadam: When we stop developing. Chicken or the egg? No, I'm not -- I mean 120 basis points is a pretty healthy margin when cap rates are as low as they are. But we're really margin focused. And if we can't really get going in a pretty, say, 15% on spec and maybe low teens on build-to-suit, we just won't do it. I guess, we'll do a build-to-suit at around a 10% margin for a great tenant with a great credit that we can easily do and sell or something like that. But I mean, that's the range of it. The only problem is, in the last however many years, 10 years, we've had double or triple those margins. So someday, we'll have lower than those margins, for sure. The market goes through cycles. But there's definitely an arrow up on margins from where we pro forma these deals. And I would say, 9 out of 10 deals at least, maybe even more, maybe 19 out of 20 of them that we do a recap on, we do a recap on every deal that we do when it's stabilized and we look at what it costs, what the yields were and sort of grade our performance on that. I would say there are very few of them that have any reds on them. I mean all of them have big green numbers on them. So, so far so good, and I expect that to continue for at least the foreseeable future.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Frankel from Green Street Advisors.
Eric Frankel: I sincerely apologize for asking another development question. But can you -- this is based on your 4Q starts and a little bit higher development volume in '20. Can you talk about whether you think that overall supply is bound to increase more than it has in the last couple of years? And how does that reflect on market rent growth generally? And then second -- and it certainly seems like you guys are a lot more active in buying assets of different types in the New York City boroughs. But we also noted that Walmart.com -- Walmart is not going to be using that Bronx facility you guys acquired a couple of years ago and leased to them. So maybe you could just talk about your experiences there?
Christopher Caton: Yes. I think the experience in the Bronx has nothing to do with the real estate, it has to do with, well, Walmart's decision not to pursue a strategy that they were going to pursue. We actually think the re-leasing market for that building is an upside from where that building is leased. So -- and obviously, we have Walmart credit on it. So we're not -- I don't think it means anything other than a change in strategy of the company. And with respect to the supply picture, I think we're feeling better about supply right now than we did a quarter or 2 ago. Gene, what do you think?
Eugene Reilly: Yes. I think in -- for sure, a quarter ago, we felt a little bit worse about supply. And Eric, if you look at the last couple of years, what's happened is that the development engine in the U.S., the industry wasn't able to hit Chris' estimate for supply. So I expect that next year, it's the same thing. And it's -- the explanation is pretty simple. It is very difficult and more difficult every day to develop the space. So I would probably say there is a down arrow.
Christopher Caton: Look, If you -- we're all looking for things to worry about. I would be more worried about a recession because of something like totally out of left field like this virus thing or something globally that can affect something more on the demand side than on the supply side. Supply may be 10 million, 20 million, 30 million feet one way or another. But that, at the end of the day, doesn't move the vacancy rate or the pricing power. But if demand falls off the clip because of some unknown thing or war or some bad thing like that, that is the thing that I worry more about. Supply, one way or another, it's going to be pretty close to what we think. Certainly, a year out, you have pretty good visibility into what supply is, because 2/3, maybe 3/4 of stuff that's going to be supply should be under construction right now. So we know kind of what that number is. So really the wiggle room is on the last 25%, 30% of supply.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Guinee from Stifel.
John Guinee: Great. Very, very impressive 14% year-over-year growth, but probably even more impressive is issuing 110 million shares that looks like about 25x forward multiple and a 3.6 implied cap. If you're at liberty to talk about it, can you talk about -- because of FAS 141 accounting, you're probably bringing both the IPT and the Liberty portfolio and at a much higher GAAP cap rate than a cash cap rate. Are you at liberty to talk about the GAAP cap rate that these assets are coming in and also your thoughts on FAD growth and dividend growth for 2020?
Eugene Reilly: Yes. Can't talk about the first component, but you can guestimate it pretty well. I mean average lease is 6 years and an average built-in rent growth in these leases is, call it, 3%. So you can kind of do the math, 3 years of 3%, that's how much the gap is higher than the -- by the way, the reason I'm not going to get in trouble, because I don't actually know what the number is. But the math on it should be pretty damn close to my guestimate.
Thomas Olinger: And John, I'll point you back to the presentation we gave when we announced the transaction. We had $25 million in fair value lease adjustments, but that also includes straight-line rent adjustments. And that's a net number, because you back out the straight-line rent that's embedded in the IPT and Liberty portfolios, but more to come on that.  To your point about FAD ultimately getting to the dividend, as we've said in the past, we -- our dividend levels are going to need to increase pretty consistently with what you see our FAD and AFFO growth, because we're -- we'll pay out as close as we can to the minimum threshold at which -- where we're staying. So that's a consistent theme you're seeing here.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Mueller from JP Morgan.
Michael Mueller: You talked about, I think, a pickup in demand that you were seeing in Lehigh Valley. I was just wondering if you can give us a little more color on what you see driving that?
Eugene Reilly: Yes. Your question was a little bit low, but I think your question is about recent activity in Lehigh Valley. And Lehigh Valley has, over the past year, experienced a little bit overbuilding, but news in the last 6 months is pretty good. So demand there is strong. I would say that is contrasted with Central Pennsylvania, where demand is still a little bit weak right now.
Christopher Caton: Yes, Gene, I think driving that is a combination of both general supply chain modernization. So we see some customers who are feeding their store network and also a fair amount of e-commerce also wanting to serve the greater region and in particular New York.
Hamid Moghadam: And probably record low vacancy in New Jersey.
Eugene Reilly: Yes. Southern New Jersey, there's virtually no product. 
Christopher Caton: So a key message there would be the prioritization of proximity and the proximity of core Lehigh Valley to New Jersey and in particular New York. That's driving that demand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Frankel from Green Street Advisors.
Eric Frankel: I guess, I'd -- I guess I also have a few more thoughts from earnings this quarter. But one quick question, housekeeping item. Of the $1 billion of sales from IPT and Liberty, how much of that is office? And then second, I think Walmart, just speaking to them, they debut an automation product they're going to be using in their stores to distribute product just directly to consumers via pickup. Can you talk about automation and how that's impacting supply chains? Obviously, Amazon is always trying to reinvent how they're utilizing the fulfillment centers. And maybe you could touch upon how your other customers are thinking about it.
Eugene Reilly: Well, I'm going to pitch this to Chris, because he spent a lot of time together with Will O'Donnell on the topic of automation and its impact generally on logistics demand. And one of these days, you may see a paper coming out on that, that's pretty extensive and detailed. But we don't think that it is a -- we think automation is a way of making employees more productive, because it's so hard to get employees to do this kind of work. I mean that's really the impetus for automation. And the downside of automation is that unless you have very standardized products, the state of the industry is not such that you can have special purpose automation or general purpose automation installed that can handle a lot of different goods, sizes, shapes, et cetera, et cetera. We're marching in that direction, but we're quite some time away.  And also what we're hearing from our customers -- the majority of our customers, particularly the three PLs is that the capital needs of automation are just way beyond their ability to be able to do that. So -- and in order to implement automation, they need to have longer-term contracts with their customers and be able to amortize those investments over a longer period of time. Chris?
Christopher Caton: Yes, spot on. Underlying the variety of operations that are going in our customer space, and that translates to two things. One is an adoption rate of automation within logistics facility that is low and rising at a moderate pace; and two, the ROIs on some of these investments are still pretty low, given the complexity and the complex nature. Another point I'd make relates to productivity-enhancing equipment. That's what this really is. That's been around for a long time, whether you look back 40 years at forklifts. And so we've seen a constant effort to improve employee productivity within our facilities, and this is no different. As it relates to specific reference you make, kind of in-store automation as well, something we have seen in the marketplace are more requirements not just to serve e-com, but also to serve store fleets that are needing to handle this "buy online and pick up in store". There's more activity to also think about the existing supply chains to support that activity in store.
Thomas Olinger: Eric, I'll respond to your first question relative to the split out of the $1 billion in sales for IPT and LPT. I would say this, it's going to be fluid, but the office component that remains is quite small. But as we said, we're going to match fund disposition proceeds with opportunities to redeploy them. And so I would say it would be fluid, but again, the office is a small piece that's left out of that.
Eugene Reilly: Yes, the non-Comcast office, I would expect to -- we're through that. So really office comes down to Comcast. And that is, as you know, pretty liquid, pretty straightforward type of position. And it's only a matter of what's the ideal time to do that and the dynamics with the customer, which is a very important customer anyway, over time what happens. But that's kind of -- there's not a lot of wiggle room on the economics of that deal. We know it's 100% leased, and we know what the economics are. So office is gone. We're not in a big hurry on the industrial. We've just kind of match funded. As -- I mean we're 18% leased -- 18% levered. So why would we want to do more than match funds? We're not in a hurry. It's a good market.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vikram Malhotra from Morgan Stanley.
Vikram Malhotra: Two quick ones. On Slide 15 of the slide deck, you gave the occupancy broken out by its size. Could you give us the rent spreads using that same breakout?
Thomas Olinger: Yes, Vikram, this is Tom. The rent spreads were pretty consistent this quarter across all the different size categories. I think the small space under 100 probably picked up a little bit, a little higher than normal, but this quarter, very consistent across all 3 sizes.
Eugene Reilly: I would say small space is recovered a bit -- small space was way ahead of big space, maybe a year, 1.5 years ago. Then it went the other way and softened, and now it's coming back a little bit. Most recently, the big space is recovering more in the last couple of quarters. So they're all even, but they're coming to even from different directions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Manny Korchman from Citi.
Michael Bilerman: It's Michael Bilerman here with Manny. Hamid, I had a question for you just sort of about the sort of acquisition market overall. And we clearly know there's an insatiable desire by private capital to put capital to work really on a global basis in industrial, right? It's a favorite asset class, has been that way for the last few years. And I wanted to get your sort of thoughts on Sleath's from SEGRO's comment that he made earlier this year that the market is paying full price even for assets with works on them and that their focus is on development and granted it was self-serving. But you made a comment about the acquisition market. And I sort of wanted to get your feel about what you see on a global basis about how investors are pricing assets and differentiating assets and how that may play into your disposition plans as well?
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. I mean we've basically been saying the same thing, more or less, with a slightly different accent. I mean the acquisition market in Europe, which is, remember, that's what they're talking about, is pretty expensive. And if you have a good land bank and you are an active developer, like they are and we are, obviously the best use of capital is to put your land bank to work and the incremental returns on those investments are quite high. But there are still opportunities here and there that are priced below replacement cost. For example, short-term income in Europe is discounted. So if you have a building that has a two year lease on it or something, maybe a perfectly good building, but you could buy that below replacement cost, that kind of thing we'd be interested in. But you can buy $1 billion of it. I mean, I don't know where you would go to buy $1 billion of that kind of stuff in Europe. The rest of the world is a different story. I mean there are places where -- I mean like in Mexico, if an acquisition opportunity were to come up, cap rates, for the very best product, are around 7, but you can buy some things that are 8 or 9. And if you look at their treasuries, the goal on their treasuries, there's a big spread there in that market. So the global picture is a little different, but I would generally agree with their commentary for Europe. Gene?
Eugene Reilly: Yes, I wouldn't add much to that. And Europe, while expensive on a relative basis, look at risk-free yields in Europe. I mean, you get negative rates and the best economies, there's got to be four countries in negative rates. So I'm not frankly sure that cap rate environment today in Europe is all that expensive.
Hamid Moghadam: The other thing I would say about Europe, Europe has -- it will be interesting to do the math on this. We haven't, but this is a guess. There are a lot of institutional investors in Europe that are focused in Europe, and the size of the industrial asset class in Europe, it's still a relatively new industry and institutional quality products proportionately is a lot smaller than it is in the U.S. So you've got a lot of institutional private capital focused on a market with fewer opportunities. And I think that's pushing on yields in Europe pretty hard. So development is preferred to acquisitions in all these markets anyway.  I think that was the last question. Thank you for joining our call, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter, if not sooner. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-15 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Prologis Q3 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Michelle and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. At that time, please limit yourself to one question. If you have a follow-up, please get back in the queue. Also note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Tracy Ward. Tracy, you may begin.
Tracy Ward: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning everyone. Welcome to the Prologis third quarter earnings call. If you have not yet downloaded the press release, it's available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning, you will hear from Tom Olinger, our Chief Financial Officer and also joining us for the call is Hamid Moghadam, Gary Anderson, Chris Caton, Mike Curless, Ed Nekritz, Colleen McKeown and Gene Reilly. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under Federal Securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which the Company operates as well as the beliefs and assumptions of management. Both of these factors are referred to in Prologis' 10-K or SEC filings. Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include but are not limited to the expected timing and likelihood of the completion of the transaction with IPT, including their ability to obtain the requisite approvals of their stockholders and the risk that the conditions to the closing of the transaction may not be satisfied. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may differ. Finally, this call will contain financial measures such as FFO, EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg-G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures in our earnings package. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. And, Tom will you please begin.
Tom Olinger: Thanks, Tracy. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our call today. We had another outstanding quarter. Customer sentiment remains positive and we see no meaningful impact on our business from uncertainties surrounding trade. Our proprietary operating metrics reflect healthy demand, showing deal gestation, conversion rates are positive and in line with last quarter as our customers improve their supply chains and response to consumer demand for ever faster delivery times. U.S. market fundamentals are strong. I'd like to share our assessment of third quarter market statistics as we've seen more divergent viewpoints than normal. We see historically low vacancy in the mid 4s, with supply and demand balanced at 75 million square feet each. Rents have outperformed and as a result, we are raising our 2019 U.S. rent growth forecast from 6% to 7%, leading to an 80 basis point increase in our global rent forecast to 6.5%. Activity across Europe remains healthy. In the UK, while overall demand is solid and our build-to-suit pipeline is very active, we are highlighting the Midlands as a supplier risk. We continue to forecast 2019 rent growth on the continent to be the highest in more than a decade. Fundamentals in Japan are improving with vacancy in Tokyo had less than 3% and Osaka at less than 6%, the lowest points in five years. From an operating standpoint, you will see that our quarterly results reflect our strategy of prioritizing rents over occupancy to maximize long-term lease economics. We leased 38 million square feet, including nearly 6 million square feet in our development portfolio. Quarter end occupancy was 96.5%, down 30 basis points sequentially and remains above our five-year average. Rent change on roll for the quarter hit an all-time high of 37%, led by the U.S. at 41.7%. Our share of cash same-store NOI growth was 4.3% for the quarter, which was impacted by a 60-basis point reduction in average occupancy, again consistent with our strategy to push rents. Globally our in-place to market rent spread widened by 40 basis points in the quarter and is now almost 15.5% or over $400 million in nominal terms. Core FFO was $0.97 per share for the third quarter, which included $0.18 of net promote income from our Co-In venture. The promote came in above our forecast as Europe valuations increased more than 2% in the third quarter. For deployment, starts in the quarter were $577 million with an estimated margin of 22% and included about two-thirds build-to-suits. The pace of starts will increase significantly in the fourth quarter. Stabilizations were $658 million with an estimated margin of 37% and value creation of over $242 million. We continue to access capital globally at very attractive terms. During the quarter we issued $2.8 billion of debt primarily in euro at a weighted average fixed interest rate of under 1% and a weighted average term of more than 14 years. It's worth pointing out that we have an annual need for an incremental $600 million of non-dollar debt to naturally hedge our growing international assets. These issuances lowered our total weighted average interest rate by 10 basis points to 2.4% and lengthened our weighted average maturity by about two years to just under eight years. We continue to maintain significant investment capacity on the balance sheet with the $11.7 billion of liquidity and potential fund sell downs. In addition, there is an incremental $5.4 billion of existing third-party investment capacity in our ventures today. Guidance for 2020, which I know many of you are looking for will be provided at our upcoming Investor Forum on November 5th. For 2019 guidance, I'll cover the highlights and then I'll share basis and note this guidance does not include the positive impact of the IPT acquisition. We are increasing the bottom end of our cash same-store NOI guidance by 25 basis points and now expect a range of 4.75% to 5%. We are raising the midpoint for development starts by $250 million and now expect starts to range between $2.2 billion and $2.5 billion. Build-to-suits will comprise more than 40% of total starts which is above our initial expectations. We are projecting $650 million of net deployment uses which we plan to fund with free cash flow and debt. Net promote income for the full year is now expected to be $0.18 per share, an increase of $0.02 from our prior guidance. For the full year, we are increasing our 2019 core FFO guidance midpoint by $0.03 and narrowing the range to between $3.30 and $3.32 per share. And our revised midpoint growth in core FFO per share excluding promotes is 10% higher than last year. Over the past five years, our growth has clearly been exceptional with a CAGR of almost 12%, while de-levering from 27% to 18%. As I mentioned, this guidance excludes the acquisition of IPT, which we expect to close in January of 2020. We plan to split the $4 billion portfolio equally between our two U.S. vehicles. Private capital investor interest continues to be robust as evidenced by the record fundraising in our ventures in the third quarter. Our pro rata investment will be approximately $1.3 billion, which we will fund with cash and debt. We continue to expect the annual core FFO accretion from IPT to range between $0.05 and $0.06 per share or roughly 2% on a stabilized basis. The acquisition of this high quality portfolio will capture significant revenue and cost synergies and deliver shareholder value on day one. To sum up the third quarter was a continuation of what has already been an excellent year. I feel great about our outlook for the rest of the year and beyond. And with that, I'll turn it to Michelle for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Craig Mailman from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Craig Mailman: Hey, guys. Maybe just wanted to hit here on demand and kind of where you guys have the availability in the portfolio. Could you guys just kind of talk through what you're seeing in the demand profiles between kind of larger and smaller tenants, and your ability to push rents there and maybe improve credit quality. And then kind of talk a little bit about what you guys see as your ability to push the occupancy in under 100,000 or under 250,000 square foot space where you have more opportunity? And maybe talk is there any more frictional vacancy in those type of spaces than in your bigger box? Or could we see those kind of spaces kind of narrow to where your average occupancy could be?
Hamid Moghadam: Now, that's some question
Gene Reilly: Did everybody write down? Well, let me take a stab at this, first maybe talking about the smaller spaces. So these are spaces where we can push rents and we're seeing pretty broad-based demand frankly across all sectors. But I think those with the smaller segment is where we can reach rent growth and I think if you look inside rent change numbers which are obviously at all-time highs that would be the highest. In terms of the composition of the demand from an industry perspective, again, that's pretty broad based. Obviously auto is weak, almost no matter where you are in the globe. But otherwise, we're still seeing pretty broad-based growth. We're seeing continued growth from the e-commerce sector and that's probably a combination of reconfiguration of the supply chain as well as net demand. So that's a start on it.
Tom Olinger: Craig, this is Tom. So two of your questions, one on credit quality, our credit quality continues to be exceptional. Our bad debt experience has been below 20% or 20 basis points of rent -- below 20 basis points of rent for the last six years continues this quarter. So I feel great about our credit quality and then just regarding your question on small spaces and frictional vacancy. We do have many more units in our smaller spaces. So naturally there is going to be more churn in that particularly as Gene pointed out, we are pushing rents. So you could see a higher -- a little higher frictional vacancy, but the pay-off is much higher rents. So the economics are clear to keep pushing rents.
Operator: Your next question will come from Jeremy Metz from BMO. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, good morning. Hamid, FedEx on its earnings call last month, they added they were citing more challenges ahead in 2020. They talked about the typical the global trade disputes and concerns over economic slowing having created significant uncertainties. In your opening remarks, Tom did mention that you hadn't started that that you hadn't started to see that in your customer behavior yet, but clearly those risks are out there. So just wondering, has that surprised you at all that you really haven't seen it in the customer behavior yet? And then maybe just any broader thoughts on how this all impacts your outlook for development starts beyond call it $2.3 billion you have under way in terms of cadence or desire to take on spec et cetera? Thanks.
Hamid Moghadam: Sure. I think both statements can be true at the same time. FedEx cares more about flows and obviously those become very volatile when its trade wars one day and no trade wars the next day. And they have a very fixed cost basis infrastructure planes and trucks and all that. So erratic volume cannot be good for them because they either miss the peaks or can handle -- either, they can't handle the peaks or have too much capacity for the troughs. We are in the stock business. So actually uncertainty in the short-term is extra demand for our space, because when you don't know when that mix good is going to get to you, because the tariffs are at what cost, you're going to carry more inventory and more stock closer to the customers. So I think FedEx is right as far as the metrics for their business are concerned, and I think the metrics for our business are just different.
Operator: Your next question will come from Derek Johnston from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Derek Johnston: Can you discuss the leasing process for the multistory facility in Seattle where Amazon and Target ultimately signed, and how competitive was this bidding process? How many interested parties did you have? And where did rents shake out versus underwriting? And what type of future demand do you anticipate? Thank you.
Hamid Moghadam: I would say the rents and the economics turned out better than our expectations. It took a little bit longer to lease up, but it leased up at higher rents and the reason it took a bit longer to lease up is that nobody ever seen a multistory building before, so they wanted to look at it, lay out a lot of different configurations and make sure they could get the efficiencies out of it. So we couldn't be more pleased with the quality of the tenants or the financial performance of the asset. With respect to its implications, look I -- for some reason this building has gotten a lot of attention and people think that there is a multistory strategy. There is no multistory strategy. The strategy is to provide space at places where our customers want to, which is increasingly close to their ultimate customers. The solution in some places, it's multistory and in other places is single story. So we're not in the business of building so many multistory buildings, we are in the business of growing our infill position.
Operator: Your next question will come from Vikram Malhotra from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks for taking the question. So Blackstone just sold part of their original GLP acquisition. Wondering if you looked at that portfolio and if you can just more broadly, give us any sense of any portfolios across regions and sort of how pricing or cap rates are shaking out?
Hamid Moghadam: Vikram, you can assume that we look at everything. People know our phone number and they know we are -- what business we're in. So we absolutely, positively have never thought of a material transaction that we haven't seen. So you can assume we look at everything. I think the implications are you're going to have to ask Blackstone, but obviously they bought that portfolio and presumably, they paid the pretty good price to get it and presumably, they sold it to these guys two months that presumably paid a really good price to get it. That was attractive enough for Blackstone to sell it. So I can't be any more specific than that, because I'm not in Blackstone's decision making rooms, but those would be -- those assumptions would be probably pretty fair.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Feldman, Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: Thank you. I want to get your -- more of your thoughts on just the supply outlook. I mean we do have historically high supply coming online. But you just said your development starts were 63% pre-leased in the quarter, and you want to start more. You expect to pick up in the fourth quarter. So can you kind of paint the big picture of how we should be thinking about the supply risk heading into '20? And as you think about your development opportunities, the pre-leased percentage and what gives you comfort at these -- this level of volume?
Hamid Moghadam: Hey, Jamie, Hamid here, I think there is a lot of confusion about supply numbers. People mix supply which is annual concept with what's under construction, which is a snapshot that they've given point in time. So let me have Chris take you through those numbers because they are materially different as construction duration has lengthened.
Chris Caton: Yes, absolutely. Jamie, let's talk about three concepts. First, completion. Completion is actually are on pace to be down this year by about 8%. When we look at a more real-time indicator like starts, starts are flat this year. Now as Hamid mentioned, duration to build projects has gone up and so we've seen under construction rise, that time to deliver product has gone up by about a third in this cycle for all the challenges around supply that we've previously discussed. And so deliveries out of that pipeline now are much less than kind of 100% in a given following four quarters. So you got to look at the time to deliver product to understand what deliveries will be in the following four quarters.
Hamid Moghadam: So basically if you had the same level of supply, the same level of property under construction, you would have two-thirds the annual supply if the trends of the recent past continue. So those two concepts need to be really kept apart.
Operator: Your next question comes from Blaine Heck from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Blaine Heck: Thanks. Hamid in the press release you pointed out the exceptional interest that you're seeing for your strategic capital ventures and you guys have obviously done a great job raising money on that side of the business. Can you just talk about whether there are any specific groups that you're seeing incremental interest from? And then on the flip side, what do you think could cause that investor interest to decrease I guess is there anything that kind of sticks out to you as a threat to that capital source in particular?
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. The sources are pretty much from everywhere. I would say the U.S. pension funds are probably a flat to down compared to their call it 10-year type numbers, but Japan is up significantly. Generally Asia is up significantly as these large institutions, sort of the pension system gets active on alternative investments. So it's everywhere. On the margin, I would say U.S. is a little less and Asia a little bit more. With respect to the threats to that, it's the same old threat that we've seen in every cycle. It's the denominator effect. If these guys are generally at today's investment levels under allocated to real estate and alternatives generally, and really under allocated to industrial because it's a tough property type to access. But if the stock market goes down and the bond market goes down and the rest of the portfolio goes down, the same percentage allocation to real estate will have to go down and that's usually been the cause of reductions in the capital flows.
Operator: Your next question is from Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Just two questions, Hamid. What's your view on the potential impact from growth for e-commerce on the warehouse business and how PLD would potentially a play a part? And second, just on lease spreads, obviously it's some really good numbers and interesting about the mix of what roll this quarter that might be different going forward?
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. I'll let Tom answer the second part. I think there are three things that drive the share of the economics to drive the share of the e-commerce in our portfolio and for the space devoted to it. Number one is, penetration increasing, penetration of e-commerce as a percentage of total sales, retail sales. That number is going up every year. And I think it will go up for the foreseeable future as more categories become e-commerce friendly. And as you know the millennials, I guess they are non-millennials, the generation, the years, could grow up with an iPhone start entering their prime shopping years. So the iPhone, I think is 11 years old and 12 year olds who are now graduating from college or 11 year olds who are graduating from college basically have never known the world without an iPhone in e-commerce. So I think as those guys enter the population to spending part of the population, I think the percentage will go up. And then there is the old 3X factor of space that e-commerce takes which are well on top of the gaining share of e-commerce and underlying retail growth which is probably the slowest of the three factors, maybe 2% type of thing. All those three factors combined should make for a really good environment for e-commerce demand over time. Now I don't -- the real strategic question is, how does automation affect the 3X factor? It -- does it reduce it, does it expand it? The answer on that is unclear at the moment and in certain instances, the increase, the need for real estate and in certain cases it reduces the need for real estate, but one area that for sure over time, we'll get more efficient is the returns business. And returns are really caused by free shipping and free returns and all that sort of thing. And over time I think fit and issues like that will get better, so I would guess that part of the demand in warehouse space will go down. Anyway the biggest, biggest strategic driver of all this, long-term secular driver of all this, is the need for speed and choice. Because the more choices you want and the quicker you want them the more inventory, you need to position near the customers. So, that's all really good for our business.
Tom Olinger: Ki Bin, this is Tom. On your question about rent change for the quarter. We did see higher mix this quarter in the West and East region, so the coastal markets the U.S., that being said almost every region had its all-time high or near its all-time high in rent change. So we're seeing very positive rent change across the board, almost without exception. You ask about a trend, our four quarter trailing average rent change is right at 28%. This quarter, I think that's a pretty good outlook in the near term for where rent change should be. But remember, when we talk about in-place to market at being 15.5% below market, that means rents need to grow 18.3% to get to market. Right. So if you're 15% -- 15.5% under rented, you need to grow by 18.3% that's just math to get to market rents. So think about are in-place, built-in rent change of being 18.3% and think about what's rolling, near term is obviously signed further ago, so naturally our rent change would be higher in the near term. And then the last thing I'd point out is rent change. The rent change on roll of that four quarter average, we're now at 28%, that's up 600 basis points in the last year. So we've seen that number move up meaningfully and I think we can hang around there based on our in-place to market.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Frankel from Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. Just two quick questions. One is related to portfolio sales is based on the Black -- information Blackstone activity, do you see any meaningful differences between portfolio sale prices versus smaller transactions you guys might pursue. And then second, just on the demand front, you know, obviously there's a lot of press kind of given to smaller buildings in multi-tenant leasing, my conclusion is that that kind of leasing and the rent -- the rent growth you can get is really more dependent on location than property size, can you affirm whether that's true or not, or is a smaller building in some Midwest market getting record rent growth as well. Thank you.
Hamid Moghadam: Eric, let me jump in the middle of that before Gene starts on the first part. The most important thing with respect to rent growth is location in terms of macro market and the micro sub-market. By far, more important than tenant size and all the stuff we talked about before, so you're spot on that one. And those were the scarcest properties. Gene, do you want to answer it.
Gene Reilly: Yes, Eric. With respect to the portfolios, I mean as, Hamid mentioned, of course, we look at all these things we price them and for sure lately portfolios are selling at a -- what we consider a premium to the sum of the parts. So I think that that is true. Having said that, there is also plenty of one-off transactions and very, very good market pretty stunning metrics associated with it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Caitlin Burrows: I was just wondering maybe on the development side, the total development portfolio declined slightly since last quarter, but the 2019 starts were actually up. So is -- this just a function of pulling forward previously expected activity and what's your confidence in being able to sustain that level of starts going forward as Prologis grows? And then just on the yield side. Those have come in a little I think from about 6.5% to 6.1%. So what's driving this and could that increase back up?
Tom Olinger: Yes. The second point, that's really basically mix. But having said that, you have generally seen cap rates declining frankly over the last -- well for 20 years, but over the last couple of years, cap rates have been declining and you will see some change in the returns on costs as well. In terms of the development volumes, what we are implying is a big fourth quarter about $1.2 billion, but I think that's about right on top of what we did in the fourth quarter of last year. We're highly confident that and in terms of the future beyond that we'll talk about that when we give guidance in the future.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes and this reminds me of a previous question that something I answered which is what's our attitude toward spec development, and I would say the bar on spec development has been high and continues to be pretty high, and you can see the results of that in the build-to-suit percentage being a lot higher.
Operator: Your next question comes from Manny Korchman from Citi. Your line is open.
Manny Korchman: Tom, just thinking about your year-end occupancy guidance, your retention in the quarter was actually higher than the trailing Q and yet you commented in the press release that you're focusing on rent growth versus occupancy. So does that mean that new leases aren't happening as fast as you thought? And is that because the rent levels or is there something else that does not connecting between retention rates and occupancy?
Hamid Moghadam: So, this is not Tom, but I'll answer your question. The retention ratio you're dealing with tenants that are already in this space. And today, labor, is a huge issue for people. And every time they move, they have to go higher bunch of people, because now the workers have choice and they're not going to change their commuting patterns, etc, etc. So customers that are in existing space have a much higher propensity to stay regardless of almost rent, which is an afterthought for a lot of them. So where you see the effect, the primary effect of pushing rents is on capture of new leasing in the developments, that's where you're likely to see at the most. And that of course doesn't affect the retention numbers that we report.
Operator: Your next question will come from Nick Yulico from Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. I just had a question on the leasing spreads. I know you -- Tom you gave some infill on what drove it higher this quarter. I just want to make sure as well though that the switch to the clear leases in the past year, has that had any impact on the way you guys measure the releasing spread?
Tom Olinger: No impact at all.
Operator: Your next question will come from Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: Yes. I just wanted to follow up on the, I guess PLD stands on pushing rents over occupancy. Haven't -- hasn't that's been your stands over the past two years or are you just being more aggressive today and is that a good fair way to say is what's being reflected in lease spreads and how they're pretty much doubled than what they were for the trailing four quarters?
Hamid Moghadam: It's been our stated objective to do this for previous quarters, but they are these messy things called human beings and people feel that there have been need to change their mindset, and that took a couple of years to really get that going. We track why we lose tenants, when we don't renew somebody and we track them for a long, long time. And I'm not kidding you. But there were years that we had literally zero tenants leaving because of rent on renewals, literally. So that number is no longer zero, but it's a lot lower than I think it should be or I would have expected it to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Sakwa from Evercore. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Hamid, I just wanted to clarify, when you talked about the -- you and Chris talked about sort of the construction pipeline or time to build getting longer, is that 9 months to 12 months or is that more of a 12 month to now 16 months. Just trying to understand that. And then are there any markets in the U.S., you didn't really call anything out, but just trying to get a sense of the markets in the U.S. that you're a bit more worried about or really just seeing much less rent growth today?
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. By the way the on the duration of construction it depends on where. In Japan, they will be, they were 16 months. And I don't know what they are today, but it takes longer to build the multi-story building. But let's focus just on a single story U.S. style warehouse and Chris as the numbers for you.
Chris Caton: Yes. Hey, Steve its going from eight to nine months to something more than a year, call it, call it 13-14 months. What I think we will see is that deliveries over the next four quarters, can be roughly 75% of the under construction pipeline, that's how we see the numbers coming together. As it relates to market, we talked about how we -- on the last call how we haven't added any markets to our supply risk list, that's remains the case today and in fact markets like Chicago comes off that list this quarter. So...
Steve Sakwa: I know. Osaka came off a little bit earlier. So...
Chris Caton: Yes. Osaka is a market that came off. And then on that list included Atlanta, Pennsylvania, Houston, Spain and the Midlands was covered in Tom's script.
Hamid Moghadam: I would say the one that I would point out as being more at risk today than last quarter, even though it was on the list is Houston. There is a lot of space under construction in Houston. And I think some people are going to get surprised. Now and some of it is not in the best sub-markets. So some of the outlying sub-markets in Houston you need to watch. Fortunately, we are not exposed to the sub-markets.
Operator: Your next question will come from John Guinee from Stifel. Your line is open.
John Guinee: Great. I think Mike Curless is in the room. I was just looking at Page 24, and I noticed an uptick in a pretty sizable land acquisition year-to-date and also acquisitions and other investments in real estate. Can you walk through -- Mike, where you're buying the dirt? And also what the other investments in real estate might be?
Hamid Moghadam: Probably, Gene should answer that question since Mike has a new job, but Gene, go ahead.
Gene Reilly: Yes, and Mike can maybe offer customer color where they want the dirt. But John, where we generally need to replace dirt is in the coastal markets where we've got a lot of development absorbed a lot of land bank. So there is a piece in LA included in that, but as we look out going forward, replacing land is very, very expensive these days. As you know, we've done a lot of work to work this land back down to what we considered a manageable level. As we replace land going forward, we're trying to do it creatively, we're trying to tie up land through options, but it's going to be more expensive. And we will see the land bank pick up a little bit, but we're going to remain very disciplined on that front as we have been.
Hamid Moghadam: Our biggest needs for land, I would say are Southern California -- we're good in Seattle, good in the Bay Area. Southern California, we need more land. Chicago, we need more land, and I would say in New Jersey we need more land for sure. Those are the top three that I would call out.
Gene Reilly: And with respect to the customers and where they want to be two, three years ago, 80% of our land that we're doing build-to-suits and we're in -- were global markets, those numbers are closer to 95% these days.
Tom Olinger: And John, your question about the other investments, just think about those being covered land place, not land but will become land soon.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. Those are actually yielding, probably pretty close to the local market cap rate maybe a tad below maybe 20-25 basis points below, but they're basically current land place.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Mueller from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Michael Mueller: Yes. Hi. I was wondering, do you expect the elevated mix of build-to-suits to be a little bit more of the norm over the next year or so?
Mike Curless: This is Mike Curless. We did have a robust quarter at almost two-thirds build-to-suits. If you look across the year that's blending in the high '30s and I would expect in our numbers to be in the low '40s as we look forward. I think this was an unusually high quarter but directionally indicative of how important the build-to-suit part of the business is to us these days.
Hamid Moghadam: You know, I'll compare to five or 10 years ago or 15 years ago, I mean, that number would have been 20%-25%. So I think the tightness of the markets is forcing the build-to-suit percentage up.
Operator: And your next question will come from Craig Mailman from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Craig Mailman: Hey guys. Just wanted to kind of hit on some of your liquidity here in the funds and on balance sheet, your cost of capital is clearly advantageous. But you have a lot of kind of well-heeled competitors as well. I'm just kind of curious you guys look at the acquisition landscape, you've been successful in some, missed some others, but just kind of how you look at return requirements for on-balance sheet acquisitions here versus the in-funds. And just talk a little about what you're seeing on the quality spectrum of portfolios that you have traded or may be out there and kind of interest level?
Hamid Moghadam: Let me start that and Gene jump in if you'd like. I think the quality, the pricing for quality differences is getting compressed, in other words, cap rates for a lower quality, lower growth assets are compressing high quality assets and location. And that always happens in this part of the cycle. People are really anxious to get into this asset class. And if it's industrial, it's industrial and they become less discriminating over time. Also if you're a leveraged buyer to the end you're really looking at locking in the cost of capital, debt capital today and you employ a lot of it. Obviously this is a really good environment for you're buying things and financing them. With respect to the way we look at our unleveraged [WACC] our cost of capital, I would say, we look at that every quarter or so, and we occasionally and only in a very limited way have dropped our requirements. I would say for a U.S. high-quality portfolio probably a 6 IRR would be the right number today, very high quality portfolio for us. And, you know, take it up from there but unfortunately some stuff in the marketplace even for low quality assets is getting priced to tighter than that. Now a 6 IRR in a 1.6% or 1.7% 10-year environment is pretty attractive. I mean those are some of the wider spreads, I've seen in my career. And so, yes, then our absolute numbers sound low but would in relation to cost of capital or debt capital they are actually pretty attractive.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vikram Malhotra from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks. Just wanted to follow up on two things. One for Chris, you mentioned sort of some of the rent growth and obviously it's different by sub-markets. I'm wondering if you're starting to see any divergence from recent trends within sub-markets within MSAs meaning more divergence and what you've seen recently. And then just one for Tom on the clear leases, wondering how that's -- if any impact on the expense side and if it may be positively or negatively impacting NOI growth?
Mike Curless: Yes. Hey, as it relates to rent growth. A couple of ways to look at that, one is we continue to see that divergence between in-fill and non-infill as Hamid was discussing earlier in terms of sub-market strategy. As it relates to markets, we've seen better outperformance in the East in New York and in Toronto for example, and we continue to see really good growth in Europe, much like we telegraphed last year and the year before. And what you see there is some of the early recovery markets continuing to outperform whether that's Germany or the Netherlands or Czech Republic, and some late recovery markets really starting to pop rents comes to mind. So that's how the rents are trending.
Tom Olinger: Great. Vikram on your question around the clear lease and expenses, those leases are set up where we fix all the cost for real estate taxes, the tenant bears that. And we are collecting slightly more on the expense reimbursements right now. But essentially, call it even. So we set it up that way to be expense neutral. So no impact on NOI, and to go back to next question, just on the clear lease and did that have any impact on how we're calculating rent change? It does not. That clearly, just think about it simply having a rent component and an expense reimbursement component and the rent change is calculated on the revenue, the rent component, not the expense component. So no impact.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. I just want to clarify something Tom said. We actually don't collect reimbursements, That's why it's a clear lease. But we do track what it would have been under a triple net lease. And actually for the last 1.5 year or two years that we've been implementing this, the numbers have been remarkably on top of one another and that's the advantage of having an 800-million square foot portfolio to spread this stuff around.
Operator: And your next question will come from Manny Korchman from Citi. Your line is open.
Manny Korchman: Yes. So Hamid, I had a follow-up from my -- on my previous question that I have a new one for you guys. But so you mentioned leasing as developments, I guess that wouldn't impact your occupancy guidance. But just going back to that in isolation of retention is where you expect, it's at 81%, and you've lowered your occupancy guidance. That means that your pace of lease-up in already vacated space or space to be vacated is going to be slower. Is that the wrong read through?
Hamid Moghadam: We are pushing -- remember the part that I said that we -- in the year as we had zero people that we were losing as part of the renewal discussion that number is not zero, but it's not as high as I would like it to be. You're also talking about occupancy declines from 98%, and I've been doing this for 37 years, there was only one year where we were in the 98% range. And I said guys don't get used to this. We're going to push this number down. So I think we were very clear on what our strategy was. And I would say it was executed as exactly the way we described it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Feldman from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: Thanks. I was just hoping you could explain more why developments are taking so much longer to deliver. And then also just thinking about the TI number in the quarter and what we've seen this year, I mean are you spending more on leases -- on TIs on leases, and if so, can you explain what those -- why that's happening or what that's going to and is that impacting your ability to push rents as well?
Gene Reilly: Jamie, I'll take the first one. It's Gene. It's basically a combination of construction time frame and there is some entitlement timeframe in that as well, and which by the way can affect the projects through its construction. And as you pull secondary permits as you go forward. So it's really those two items. And of course depending on where you are geographically, there is pretty wide range of outcomes.
Hamid Moghadam: We've also had kind of weird weather patterns that I think most of you have noticed that definitely methods quick construction schedules.
Tom Olinger: Jamie, on your second question on the turnover costs. I -- it's a little higher this quarter. I think it's due to two things, its mix and timing. But I go back and look at what our -- what we've been on a trailing four quarters, I think that's a better representation. We have been coming down pretty clearly over the last, on a trailing four-quarter basis over the last, really three years and that makes sense. Just given concessions are falling across the board. The other thing I'd point to is look at free rent as a percent of lease value that is consistently declining again. So I think overall this quarter's mix and a little bit of timing, it's not impacting our -- we're not trying to buy rent change if that's the question.
Operator: And your next question comes from Steve Sakwa from Evercore. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Hamid, I was just wondering if you could provide an update on sort of the big data initiatives and the procurement and sort of where you stand? And is that something we're likely to get a lot more detail on for 2020?
Hamid Moghadam: On the big data we are, as I mentioned to tackling one very specific project which is yield management. And I would say that's going really well. We're piloting in four markets, and we'll be expanding that to the portfolio, and we are encouraged by the early results. I don't know, Chris may have more to say about that. Gary, you want to talk about the other initiatives.
Gary Anderson: Yes. On the procurement initiatives, we stood at procurement organizations, we talked about in the past and things are going well there I'd say both in terms of procuring construction related items and CapEx and G&A. So that is often running. And with respect to the revenue side of the equation, I'd say that we're off to a good start. We're starting to build that business. We're probably getting into the tens of millions of dollars in terms of revenue. So it is becoming more meaningful and we're seeing roughly double-digit growth.
Mike Curless: Yes. I would say that that business today if you isolate it would be pennies a share of incremental earnings. I think in two to three years, it will be dimes, and we're hoping that it's potential is more than $1. So, but that is going to take us a while to get to. So don't put in the dollar, don't put in the [indiscernible]. Put in a couple of pennies that we're talking about right now, we're doing better than that actually. But it's a slow ramp, nobody has done this before. So, we need to educate ourselves and our customers and a lot of other people to get this done.
Hamid Moghadam: I think Steve you were the last person. So thank you all for your interest in the Company and I want to put in a big plug for our Analyst Day, which is coming up and that's why we saved all the good guidance for that date and encourage you to come. Take care.
Operator: Thank you everyone. This will conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-16 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Prologis Q2 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Chris, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Also note, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Tracy Ward. Tracy, you may begin.
Tracy Ward: Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Prologis second quarter earnings call. If you have not yet downloaded the press release, it is available on Prologis' website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning, you'll hear from Tom Olinger, our Chief Financial Officer and Gene Reilly, Prologis's Chief Investment Officer. Also, joining us in today for the call is Hamid Moghadam, Gary Anderson, Chris Caton, Mike Curless, Ed Nekritz and Colleen McKeown. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry, in which the company operate, as well as the beliefs and assumptions of management. Some of these factors are referred to in Prologis' 10-K or SEC filings. Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ include, but are not limited to, the expected timing and likelihood of the completion of the transaction with IPT, including the ability to attain the approval of their stockholders and the risk that the conditions of the closing of the transaction may not be satisfied. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and the actual operating results may differ. Finally, this call will contain financial measures, such as FFO, EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg-G, the company has provided a reconciliation to those measures in our earnings package. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom. Tom, will you please begin.
Tom Olinger: Thanks Tracy. Good morning. And thank you for joining us today. We had another excellent quarter. Our proprietary operating metrics continue to reflect strong demand. Showings, average deal gestation and conversion rates remain either in line or better than last quarter as our customers further build out their supply chain capabilities in the face of strength. Market conditions in the U.S. continue to be very healthy. Demand is diverse and overall supply is disciplined. Starts in the U.S. are concentrated in low barrier markets, while supply in the high barrier markets is not keeping pace with GDP growth, let alone demand for logistics facilities closer to the endpoint of consumption. Continental Europe remained strong and we expect rent growth this year to be the highest in more than a decade. In Japan, despite moderating economic growth, business is quite good. Demand continues to be boosted by ecommerce, while supply is being steadily absorbed. With the improvement we are seeing in the Osaka market, we are removing it from our market watch list. We are raising our 2019 global rent growth estimates by approximately 100 basis points to over 5.5% as low vacancies and rising replacement costs continue to push market rents higher. Looking to the quarter. We leased 37 million square feet, including 5 million square feet in our development portfolio. Period-end occupancy was flat sequentially. Rent change on a role continues to be outstanding, but are shared over 25% and led by U.S. at 30%. We expect rent change to trend higher in the back half of the year. Our share of cash same-store NOI growth was 4.6%. Notably, Europe was 5.3%, driven by rent growth which we have anticipated. Core FFO was $0.77 per share for the second quarter. G&A in the quarter was higher than expected, driven by stock-based compensation, resulting from the increase in our share price. This impact was mostly offset by higher than forecasted promo to them. For deployment, starts were $324 million in the quarter. The pace of starts will increase meaningfully in the second half of the year. In fact, we've already started 250 million of build-to-suits in the first two weeks of July. We completed over $600 million in dispositions and contributions, resulting in $200 million of realized gains in the quarter. Now, for 2019 guidance highlights which are on an our-share basis. And note that our guidance does not include the impacts from the IPT acquisition. We are increasing and narrowing our cash same-store NOI guidance to a range of 4.5% to 5%. We're holding the top end of our range as we continue to prioritize the rents over occupancy. We're raising the midpoint for both development starts and contributions by $100 million, and realized development gains by $50 million. We still expect about $400 million net usage, which we plan to fund with free cash flow and a modest increase in leverage. Net promote income for the full year is now expected to be $0.16 per share, an increase of $0.02 from our prior guidance. Effectively, all of the remaining net promote income will be earned in the third quarter. For the full year, we are increasing our 2019 core FFO guidance midpoint by $0.05, and narrowing the range between $3.26 and $3.30 per share. And our revised midpoint growth and core FFO per share, excluding promotes, is 9.5% higher than last year. Over the past five years, our growth has clearly been exceptional with a CAGR of almost 12%, while de-levering by 800 basis points. As I mentioned, this guidance does not include IPT. The acquisition of this high-quality portfolio, which Gene will cover in more detail, captures significant costs and revenue synergies, delivering shareholder value on day-one. We planned a whole new portfolio through one or both of our U.S. private vehicles, and expect the transaction to close no later than the first quarter of 2020. Depending on the ultimate allocation, our investment via the ventures is likely the range between $1 billion and $1.4 billion, which we will fund with cash and debt. The resulting annual core FFO accretion is expected to range between $0.05 and $0.06 per share on a stabilized basis. This transaction will have a minimal impact on leverage with loan to value rising about 150 basis points upon the completion of the non-strategic asset sales to approximately 21%. We do not plan to add any corporate overhead in connection with this acquisition and as a result expect G&A as a percentage of [AUM] decreased by 4%. I feel that several questions lately about how we will continue to grow given our size, we think about growth and three components. The first is organic and based on the quality and strength of our portfolio. This is by far the most important and sustainable driver of growth that also deserves the highest multiple. The second is the value creation from development and to build out of our land bank. The third component is arbitraging the pricing between public and private markets. This is episodic, out of the hands of management and not sustainable over the long-term. We focus on the first two components, which have been the driver of our superior performance, and will continue to be the foundation of our long term growth. To sum up, the second quarter was a continuation of what has already been a very good year. I have never felt better about our growth outlook. And with that, I'll turn it over to Gene.
Gene Reilly: Thanks, Tom. I'm pleased to share the details about our merger agreement by IPT. Portfolio comprises 37.5 million square feet and 24 U.S. markets, 22 of which are the largest target markets. The assets are located in sub-markets we consider strategic and where we already have the benefit and scale, and a proven operating presence. The portfolio is slightly younger than the balance of our existing U.S. assets and otherwise, very similar in terms of customer profile and physical characteristics. Over the normal course of business, we anticipated disposition program of approximately $800 million or 20% of the portfolio. The $4 billion price works out to 4.5% stabilized cap rate and a cap rate of just under 4.9% using current market rents. And then $106 a square foot, we believe we are purchasing the portfolio at a small discount to replace some costs. We are not purchasing the IPT operating platform and therefore, our incremental hiring activity will be limited to leasing and property management personnel necessary to manage the portfolio. As IPT leases roll overtime, the Prologis teams will have the benefit of deeper market knowledge and relationships, greater flexibility, access to better information, bigger market share and ultimately, the ability to provide the best service to our customers and generate more revenue. The $0.05 to $0.06 of accretion that Tom mentioned does not include the potential benefits of procurement, ancillary revenue sources, or our other platform initiatives currently underway. During the past eight years, we've integrated over $45 billion in very large portfolio transactions, including the AMB Prologis transaction, KTR and DCT. In each case, we outperformed our synergy forecast and we expect to do so here. So in short, we're highly confident in our ability to integrate these assets into our portfolio. And with that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO. Your line is open. 
Jeremy Metz: Tom, you mentioned your allocation to IPT will be in the 25% to 35% range of your share. Even though in the past, you have a queue of investors waiting to get into the funds. You've talked about wanting to bring your stake there down to the 15% level give or take over time. So is there a thought to take even less of this deal initially and then sticking with that? Maybe you can talk about the Promote opportunity, and how much that $0.05 to $0.06 of accretion is fee driven? Thanks.
Tom Olinger: Thanks Jeremy. A couple things. So the way to think about our incremental investment. If you split the portfolio equally between the two funds, our ownership is 41%. And USLV, it does not use equity, USLF does. So we would think about 50% leverage targets to fund this deal from an USLF transaction. So think about $3 billion of equity that needed to come to the table our 40% of that is $1.2 billion. When you think about the accretion, the accretion is, primarily the vast majority of the accretion is operating efficiencies. So the $0.05 to $0.06 is $0.035 of operating efficiencies between $0.015 to $0.02 of incremental leverage and about a penny about a half of penny or less of actually purchase get to us. And so the accretion is quite strong. Most of that is cash. The fee components would be baked in that $0.035 I talked about and that's roughly $0.02.
Jeremy Metz: Yes, at the beginning of that Tom mentioned, you won't require any equity. You meant that doesn't require any debt
Tom Olinger: That's right.
Operator: Your next question comes from Manny Korchman with Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: It's Michael Bilermanhere with Manny. I guess if you step back from it, there's such a strong amount of NOI potential within this portfolio. Why not own the whole thing? And clearly, you have the ability to finance at lower rates, whether it's in Europe or in Asia, which would provide you even more accretion buying in U.S. portfolio and owning $4 billion of assets, and getting all of the 40 basis points of upside in the market rents would all flow to the bottom-line versus the trade-off of the incremental fees you're getting. Certainly is there to be able to do it too, at north of $80, you certainly could issue equity and/or debt a little bit as well?
Hamid Moghadam: This is Hamid, Michael. We don't really view our strategic capital business as where we put our bad deals or the ones that are not accretive. It is an integral part of our business. And it is part of our strategy going forward. And that's the vehicle -- those are the vehicles that we've established exactly for doing this thing. So we're sticking to that business plan and it's not like the good ones go to the balance sheets and the bad ones go to the fund. We all do it the same way. Also, the return on equity in the funds is obviously greater, because of the leverage through the asset management fees and the like. So, that's the strategy. It's been the strategy and it will remain the strategy.
Tom Olinger: Michael, on your debt question about U.S. versus non-U.S. debt. We only would do that to the extent we're matching foreign assets with foreign debt. About 79% of our debt today is non-dollar. We have not assumed in our accretion that we would use any non-dollar financing peers, all U.S. dollar financing. Do we have the ability to do a little more non-dollar financing? Sure, but none of us that's baked into these numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Derek Johnston: I guess, switching to Europe. Certainly, a strong contributor in 2Q and this is while EU and global consensus gross estimates were falling. Is there a lag that we should be concerned about filtering through to the back half of '19 leasing metrics? And is there any further update on the outlook for rent growth? Or the healthy absorption rates that we've seen in the EU post 2Q?
Gene Reilly: This is Gene. I'll start with the answer and I think Chris Caton will pile on as well. So, we just don't see headwinds in the operating environment. And you've got basically 3% vacancy rates across the continent. You get steady demand. You get demand in excess of very low economic growth but you have steady demand. And we just don't -- we don't see trade concerns, we don't see Brexit coming up in any customer dialog. So things look pretty good right now. And we also don't see excessive supply other than in some very isolated individual markets.
Chris Caton: Yes, Gene is spot on. The market is unfolding a lot like we anticipated at the beginning of the year. That's low 3% vacancy rates, that's rental rates on a net effective basis that are on pace to rise. More than 6% on the continent rents are call it, more than 3% in the first half of the year. So there's really good momentum and we feel confident looking forward.
Hamid Moghadam: But on the other side of that, the UK has slowed down a bit and the continent is stronger than we thought. So, I don't think Brexit not having any effect, its right. I think definitely the UK had slowed down some, particularly in the midlands.
Operator: Your next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Caitlin Burrows: Maybe back to the IPT acquisition. I was just wondering if you could comment on what the interest level was like, or the competition from other potential acquirers. And what do you think differentiated Prologis, either in your assumptions, financing, or something else allowing you to ultimately win this deal?
Hamid Moghadam: Well, ultimately, I can't tell you who bid on the portfolio. I can tell you it was a competitive process. And as I think everybody knows on this call, there is plenty of capital interested in this real estate. As for our competitive advantage, I don't think it's any of the items you've listed. But I do think certainty of close, particularly for a vehicle like this publicly held vehicle was critical. And so, I think their confidence and our ability to negotiate complete this transaction smoothly, was important.
Gene Reilly: Yes, also the proxy will have plenty of the details from what they looked at on the other side. So, we'll both find out.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks, good morning. I just wanted to see if you could comment a little bit on the NOI guidance, Tom. You did about 5% in the first half of the year. The high end, you kept unchanged at 5%. So that assumes flattish growth in the back half at the low end assumes 4%. And I realize you're facing some tougher occupancy comps the back half of the year. But just can you help us think through the low and the high end, given where we sit here today and what drives you to both of those two points?
Tom Olinger: Yes, Steve, you nailed it. It's really occupancy impact. We are continuing to push rents. We are seeing occupancies dip a little bit. I think we certainly have room to push rents more. If you just looked at our retention, you look at our occupancy you look at our rent growth. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, I think we're going to see and we will see rent change on a roll accelerate in the second half. We talked about rents growth increasing and why are we taking the top end up is because of occupancy. We're going to push rents and we don't have a lot of role in the second half. But this is really setting up for just longer durable runway for same store growth where our mark-to-markets holding at over 15% even with rolling 25% in the quarter. And if you really look at same-store, think about -- as we said in the last couple of calls, 2019 is a transitional year for same-store in that we have lower occupancy. So that's been a headwind this year. But if you think about the real driver of your same-store rent change your roll, it's been accelerating. Our trailing fourth quarter rent change on a roll is up over 300 basis points in the last four quarters. It is going to go higher, going forward. So the fundamental driver of same-store is intact and it is growing, and it will grow. But one thing on retention, we're seeing retention is very high on the larger spaces. And we're pushing rents across the board. I think we have an opportunity to push rents across all of our space sizes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Feldman with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: I know you had said that you expect your development starts to ramp up in the back half of the year. Can you just talk about what, both build-to-suit and spec pipeline looks like today? And as we think ahead to next year, do you think that -- and we're hearing across a lot of markets that there's an expectation that pipelines may actually shrink given less available land and even maybe less capital to put to work? I just want to get your thoughts on how you think things are shaping up over the next 12 months or so in terms of the supply and demand story and your ability to keep putting capital to work?
Mike Curless: Jamie, its Mike Curless. So I'll hit the build-to-suit and then I'll flip it to Gene on the spec. Certainly seen -- a lot of you've seen some public announcements from some of our larger customers with major plans for significant rollouts. So, I'd say there's definitely an up arrow on the requirements and the demands. It is more challenging to deliver build-to-suits these days, zoning and land availability and some of the more global markets. But we're certainly working through that. Our build-to-suit percentage lows in the 27% range this quarter that's very lumpy, as you know Jamie, I think you got to look at it across four quarters. And I fully expect very robust quarter coming up as we speak right now, as Tom mentioned, with $250 million build-to-suit stars already underway. And I'd look towards our build-to-suit percentage to be in the range in the high 30s, largely driven by some significant national rollouts. Gene, on spec?
Gene Reilly: So Jamie we've, as you can see, taken out the midpoint $100 million. Some of thats captured by the increased build-to-suit activity Mike talked about. So, I'd say there's a very modest increase in spec. But I don't -- we don't -- when we see opportunities, as you know, we have a robust land bank. So we have the ability to start building, but we're not going to do it unless we see market opportunity, and we do. So, basically, the answer to your question is, we're going to have a modest increase based on our prior guidance throughout the rest of this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vikram Malhotra: So just wanted to clarify, I think you said mark-to-market across the four portfolios holding at 15%. Can you break that between the U.S. and Europe? And also, just clarify what the mark-to-market is in IPT?
Tom Olinger: I'll take the first piece. So in our portfolio today, Prologis U.S., is around 17% and Europe is around 11%. So our blended is about 15.5%.
Gene Reilly: IPT is pretty much in line with the rest of our U.S. assets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Mailman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Craig Mailman: A quick questions for you, just looking -- I know you guys didn't buy the whole IPT portfolio relative to the numbers that they had in their financials. But it looked like '17 and '18, they were trending below 2% same store growth. And I'm just curious, I know you guys have some operational efficiencies baked in. But as you guys look at your legacy PLD portfolio growth profile versus what you're ultimately going to bring into the portfolio. Will this ultimately be accretive to your growth portfolio or inline or dilutive from your perspective?
Hamid Moghadam: I think slightly accretive. And I mean to be frank we have not studied their historical operating performance. What we have study is the location and quality of the assets, which we like. We bought them onto our platform, I'd say, it's a marginal increase.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is open. 
Ki Bin Kim: I guess a couple of questions on IPT portfolio. First, can you just talk a little bit about what prompted this deal? What was the thinking behind it, I don't think its scaled. Do you have enough of it? And even the financial accretion was quite a success it seems like that by and itself wouldn't prompt the deal of this size. So, can maybe talk about the other points that we haven't covered?
Hamid Moghadam: I think that level and the availability of high quality portfolios is dwindling. And these portfolios are going into capital sources that are permanent. And I think there's a limited supply of this stuff and they're really good market. So whenever there is an opportunity to pick up some of those assets and scale, you'll see us competing for those opportunities. And because of the clustering effect around our own portfolio, which is also focused on the same markets, we can really squeeze a lot more juice out of those oranges.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Your line is open. Nick Yulico, you're unmute, so your line is open.
Nick Yulico: For IPT, I think you said 20% of the portfolio is a sale candidate non-strategic asset. Can you just talk about why they're non-strategic and how you underwrote those assets from a -- how we should think about a cap rate on sale those assets?
Hamid Moghadam: Could you repeat the first part of the question?
Nick Yulico: So, I think you said that
Hamid Moghadam: For sale portfolio, which is 20%, a small portion of it is two markets, Memphis and Salt Lake City, which we're not present in. So that's about 5% of it. And the balance of it is the pruning of the markets where we have a presence, but we don't really see a fit between that portion and our assets, that portion of the portfolio and our existing assets. So, it's a combination of market exits in those two cases and pruning in the case of the rest.
Gene Reilly: And I just want to pile on that a bit. These disposition assets are good assets. They're not assets that are consistent with our strategy. But I think these assets will be relatively easy to dispose of as compared to some of our prior activities.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, one other data point for you. This is not the first time we've gone through cleanup of assets. We've sold about $14 billion of assets in the last five or six years. And you might be interested that on average we've exceeded our expectations by about 6% on the sales prices. So we're pretty comfortable that we can exit these assets at the premium.
Operator: Your next question is from Dave Rodgers with Baird. Your line is open.
Dave Rodgers: Yes, for Tom or Hamid, just maybe talking about the construction pipeline just nationally, or maybe even internationally. You said you took Osaka off the watch list for as a market. Have you added any and where do you see the most competition today? I think Tom you referenced the supply in your comments?
Gene Reilly: It's Gene, I'll start and I think Chris will finish the answer. But if we look at the globe as compared to last quarter, there really aren't very many differences. As you heard us say over the past four or five years, frankly, certain markets in South Dallas and certain markets in Atlanta, i.e. in Chicago, Central Pennsylvania, once in a while, Inland Empire East and the U.S. come-on and come-off the list. And what's interesting is that in prior cycles markets never came off the list, they just kept over-building them until you're in a crisis. So that picture really hasn't changed internationally. The one note that we have is Osaka. Osaka's vacancy was very elevated. It's now, I think 9% or 10%. So it may come back on the list. But at this point, we're pretty comfortable. A lot of reduction in that vacancy rate recently. Chris, I don't know if you have
Chris Caton: Yes, Gene, You're spot on, I'd add, in fact there have been no additions this year. And that you have to look back to last year for the additions to this list. And as we mentioned in Midland is a market and then also Houston were addition late last year, so no additions this year and one subtraction. 
Operator: Your next question is from Jon Petersen with Jefferies. Your line is open.
JonPetersen: Probably a question for Gene or maybe Chris Caton. I think with the DCT transaction, you talked about how -- when you get a certain concentration in sub-markets you're able to push rent a bit harder, I forget exactly how you framed that. But I'm curious with the IPT transaction if you call out any sub-markets that you now have a dominant market position that you didn't have before? And then second one probably for Tom. Just to clarify, this transaction won't require any new common equity for Prologis, right?
Chris Caton: I'll take the second one, absolutely not, no equity.
Gene Reilly: So, the way we look at asset clusters and that's one way we describe this is if we're adding assets to the market that, let's say, we have 20 buildings, 25 buildings and call that 3 million to 4 million square feet. There is a clustering effect that we have tracked and we have tested. And there is no question you get incremental NOI. I'm not going to go into any specific details on that. But you have a situation when you're adding to a cluster, or you're adding enough to a smaller concentration that we already own. And you then created a cluster. And in this case we have one market that, you for sure, have created a cluster that will be Portland. There's a pretty good concentration here in Portland, PA and Baltimore, also fall in that category. And otherwise, we're just adding on to very, very big, big concentrations. And Chris, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Chris Caton: I think that was perfect. The only thing I would add is that the benefit doesn't just accrue to the newly acquired portfolios, also, accrues to the existing portfolio, which is by far the more important of the two pieces.
Operator: Your next question is from John Guinee with Stifel. Your line is open.
John Guinee: Hamid, first congratulations. As I recall, you acquired DCT at about $118 a foot and a 4.2 in place cap rate. Talk a little bit about the quality difference between IPT and DCT, which obviously has the same initial investment and strategy in the initial roots?
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, so we bought DCT at 4.6 cap rate and it was stock for stock deal. So, it was more of a relative valuation exercise than an absolute valuation exercise. So, I don't think you can conclude much about market cap rates based on looking at that. But this one in terms of quality, I would say, if you look at the whole portion, DCT was 95% hold, this is 80% hold and 20% sell. So in that sense, I would mark the DCT portfolio as better, because it has less to dispose. But if you look at the 80% and the 95%, I would say they were comparable.
Operator: Your next question is from Eric Frankel with Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Just to go back to the price of the IPT deal, that's a 4.5% cap rate, you quoted that based on your definition of stabilization. So maybe the cap rate would be a little bit higher based on current input occupancy. And then second, do you guys believe that you paid some maybe aggregation premium rather than if you brought this entire portfolio on a one-off basis? And then finally, based on where interest rates have gone the last few months. Do you think cap rates, in general, have declined for good quality industrial assets? Thank you.
Tom Olinger: So couple of comments on the cap rates. I mean, cap rates are really difficult things to talk about, because all kinds of people use different approaches to them. Just to be clear, the way we call it something a cap rate is that it's the purchase price plus all the closing costs, plus the CapEx required to get it to stabilize occupancy, if necessary. And includes a vacancy allowance, which is critical because the portfolio is over leased 95% we adjust it back down to 95%. So our cap rates oftentimes we shake our heads to the reported cap rates that we see in the marketplace, because that's certainly not the cap rates that we underwrote. And you can imagine that we look at pretty much every deal. So that's one commentary on methodology. With respect to the direction of cap rates, I will tell you that this was since DCT the third significant portfolios that we looked at and competed for and obviously, in the other two cases, we were not successful. Our pricing did not change as to the whole portion of those portfolios at all pretty consistent. I'm not smart enough to tell you whether there was a portfolio or not, but we did not attribute one to the portfolio on this one or any of the other ones. But on the other ones, we were unsuccessful and on this one, we'll be successful, so who knows.
Hamid Moghadam: Erick, just one more thing. On the cost side of that equation, we also mark any debt to market. And I think, often people leave that out of the equation and you have to, you have to factor it.
Tom Olinger: And in this one, there wasn't any of that. But on the others, there're actually been significant margins.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: Can you provide a quick macro update? I know you included some conservatism in your prior guidance ranges. Did you remove that conservatism in the updated range? And how's the logistic real estate market remain largely inflated from the headline trade fears that we continue to hear about?
Tom Olinger: So I'll start. No more conservatism in our guidance. And I would just tell you from what we see from our customer perspective, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we're seeing very consistent sequential quarter activity as it relates to showings, gestation, conversion rates, all that's holding or slightly better. So from what we see in our pipeline, it continues to be quite good.
Mike Curless: This is Mike. From a customer perspective, no meaningful impact other than perhaps a little blip with some increased inventories and spot examples, but nothing significant.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, I think you maybe referring to the commentary on the fourth quarter call, where we were just coming off of a significant stock market sell-off and things were a little wobbly, generally with the overall economy in January. And we talked about having in the most recent two weeks, reduced our internal planning, that's all done. We're back on track. So, if you're referring to that, you can ignore all that.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Mueller with JP Morgan. Your line is open. 
Michael Mueller: What's the timeframe to dispose of the remaining IPT sale assets? Will it all be done in 2020?
Gene Reilly: Michael, this is Gene. We tend not to put our deadlines on that. In the current environment, I was telling, I think we need to do it fairly quickly in that timeframe. But we do it on the normal course of business. It has to be consistent with everything else we're doing. And then we have to see where the demand patterns on it. Sometimes you can aggregate a portfolio and move quickly, other cases maximizing value means one-off. So -- but that timeframe within 2020 is probably reasonable.
Operator: And our last question comes from Manny Korchman with Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: It's Michael Bilerman. I had a few more. I'm hope you can address one at a time. But just in terms of
Hamid Moghadam: Michael, you can go continuously, because you are the last one. So we can go on with
Michael Bilerman: How much time do you have?
Hamid Moghadam: Don't get carried away
Michael Bilerman: So, just in terms of upside potential, squeezing more juice out of these oranges in this portfolio. You talked about, I think, you mentioned the 4.5% stabilized and 4.9% cap rate assuming current market rents. But then when another analyst asked about the mark-to-market, you mentioned the Prologis portfolio was 17% but these assets were similar. But the difference in cap rate 4.5% to 4.9% is only about 8% upside on market rents. So, I didn't know what the difference was or what maybe driving down the yield, the numbers didn't match up.
Mike Curless: Its cash, cash versus effective cap base
Michael Bilerman: So, the 4.5% to 4.9% is a cash. So your mark-to-market on a cash basis in the Prologis portfolio would be 8%, 9% also. That 17% is a GAAP number?
Mike Curless: It's about 10%. So the 4.5% and 4.9% are not precise numbers either, obviously. So we were going to take out four decimals, Hamid didnt like that, so
Hamid Moghadam: Michael, the other thing is that there's a difference between the hold portfolio and the sell portfolio. So, the hold portfolio has a bigger mark-to-market, because those are stronger markets by and large and they've had more rent appreciations. But the primary difference is the cash versus GAAP number, which is about 5 points.
Michael Bilerman: And then just to go through actually on the whole portfolio. Is the plan to warehouse that $800 million of assets on Prologis' balance sheet? Or is the entirety of the $4 billion going into one or the two funds and those assets will be sold out of the funds? I'm just trying to understand the dynamics going on?
Hamid Moghadam: It's the latter, Michael. It's the latter. 
Mike Curless: The assets will be going to the funds. Any sale assets will be sold by the funds.
Michael Bilerman: By the funds, and that will just reduce your effective ownership or your contribution in those funds?
Hamid Moghadam: Not really, Michael, because we have a revolving line of credit that we pull up and down. So we're probably not going to pull capital out of the funds. We'll just leave it in there for future growth.
Michael Bilerman: And then just I wanted to come back to my original question about doing this wholly owned versus in the funds. And I recognize DCT was a stock-for-stock transaction. But that didn't alleviate you from having the ability to sell DCT assets to the funds, if you chose to. So I'm just really trying to understand these two larger scale M&A transactions. One yes, it was stock for stock. This one is a cash deal, the non-traded public REIT that you're doing for all cash. I guess, why was DCT all balance sheet and why was IPT a fund asset?
Hamid Moghadam: Good question. First of all, the choice of currency is not always ours. Sometimes the settler demands different kinds of currencies. But yes, that deals we do on balance sheet. And to them buy a deal and then sell it to the fund, there're just too much frictional cost associated with that. And oftentimes, the structuring of the transaction prevents that for some period of time. So, it gets complicated to do that. In terms of cash transactions, or cash portion of certain transactions, we're committed to do those deals, as I mentioned to in the funds. I mean, that's our business model and we'll continue to do that. These are, by the way, now very, very significant funds. I mean, you'll look at where a USLF will be at the end of this deal, it's going to be north of $12 billion. You look at where our European fund PELF is. It's about an $11 billion vehicle. I mean these, on a standalone basis, could be some of the largest REITs out there. So, they have ongoing needs. They're very successful vehicles. And we like the fact that we have the ability to use cash and currency to address a range of opportunities.
Michael Bilerman: Just last one just in terms of Asia and the macro environment. At least coming out of Citi's earnings yesterday, there was a slowdown in loan activity out of our Asia client base, in particular everything that's happening with China and the U.S., the Chinese corporates borrowing less money given the uncertainty going on between the two countries. Is there anything that you're finding at least locally in Asia? And I know what's happening in the U.S. But anything in Asia that you've seen would indicate any slow down on the industrial side?
Hamid Moghadam: Okay, this is going to be your last question, because somebody jumped in. But look, China is definitely slower but the overall -- slower than it has been for some time, and we see that on the ground. But the dynamics of the industrial real estate market in China are much more driven by availability of land from the one seller that has land, the government. And they've been always reluctant to supply the market with what it needs in terms of industrial land. And the reason for that is that industrial users don't generate taxes. And there is no property tax system in China. So they get their tax revenue based on registered capital. And people don't usually register their capital where their warehouses are. So there's always a shortage of land in the key markets in China. So even with a more modest economic growth, there's just not enough supply of product in a lot of these markets. So, the strength of the industrial market is driven by domestic consumption and a shortage of industrial land. Consumption for the first time slowed from the mid-teens to the high-single-digit. So, that's really important to keep in mind. And by the way, my commentary about the shortage of land applies to the Tier 1-1.5 type markets in which we operate. Some of the outlying areas you can get more land, but that's not relevant to our business. And remember, the tailwind of e-commerce in all of these different places where the consumption takes more space than normal consumption would have a decade ago.
Operator: The last question comes from Vikram Malhotra with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vikram Malhotra: Thanks for leaving the follow up. Sorry for the background noise. Just one quick question, sorry if I missed this. Did you change the disclosure of the same store NOI calculation? I believe you used to provide same store revenue and expense separately. Could you give us those two components?
Tom Olinger: Yes, we'll be giving those components. If you look at the back of our sub, you can see the detail in order for you to calculate same store own and manage. The SEC did their annual review of our K, we had one comment and that one comment was that they asked us to modify our owned advantage NOI disclosure. That actually approved our disclosure quite a few years back. But in light of their view around pro rata financial information, they asked us to modify the disclosure, because they took a view that this was pro rata and they just asked us to modify it. So, we can't show you the percentage. But if you look at our footnote and back this up, you can calculate the percentage.
Hamid Moghadam: Great. Thank you, everybody. Look forward to seeing you next quarter if not sooner. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 12:00:00) =====
Executives: James Connor - Chairman, CEO Mark Denien - CFO Ronald Hubbard - VP, IR Nicholas Anthony - CIO
Analysts: Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets Manny Korchman - Citigroup Nick Yulico - Scotiabank Jamie Feldman - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Blaine Heck - Wells Fargo Securities Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Richard Anderson - SMBC Nikko Securities John Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Michael Mueller - JPMorgan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Duke Realty First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ron Hubbard. Please go ahead.
Ronald Hubbard: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Jim Connor, Chairman and CEO; Mark Denien, CFO; and Nick Anthony, Chief Investment Officer. Before we make our prepared remarks, let me remind you that statements we make today are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. For more information about those risk factors, we would refer you to our December 31, 2018, 10-K that we have on file with the SEC. Now for our prepared statement I'll turn it over to Jim Connor.
James Connor: Thanks, Ron. Good afternoon, everyone. I'll start off with a few comments on the national logistics market and then I'll cover our first quarter results. In the national markets according to CBRE vacancy across the U.S. remained at record low level 4.3% and has now been below 5% for over 13 quarters. First quarter asking rents grew and estimated 8% over the prior year nationally. For the full year, CBRE and other expect rent growth on asking rental rates to be in the 5% to 6% range. For the first quarter supply exceeded demand by about 1.6 million square feet. So, still fairly in balance and it represents only the third quarter in the last 36 quarters where supply outpaced demands slightly. We see supply and demand in balance for the remainder of the year and expect both to finish in the 200 million square foot range. We believe this balance combined with historic low vacancy rates will continue to provide an environment for strong rent growth. In addition, the March macroeconomic figures had been solid with favorable retail and e-commerce sales consumer incentive business inventories and employment data points. Even with 2019 GDP growth projected to be in the low-to-mid 2% range, we still feel confident in the macro demand drivers for logistics space like increased truck tonnage poor traffic and intermodal volume all support a very favorable outlook. Now turning to our own results, we followed up a very strong 2018 with a solid start to 2019. Given the significant leasing we had in the fourth quarter of 2018, we had a comparatively light quarter with leasing volume of 2.8 million square feet. We simply did not have that many expirations particularly any of any size to renew or backfill. We increased our stabilized occupancy by 40 basis points to 98.4%. This was primarily driven by leasing up three speculative facilities totaling 927,000 square feet. Our in service portfolio was 95.5% leased. This is down from 96.3% the previous quarter which was due to speculative projects just placed in service as well as a slight impact from acquisitions that were 72% lease. We renewed 83% of our expiring leases during the quarter and rent growth averaged 23.4% on a GAAP basis and 9% on a cash basis which was impressive given that less than 10% of this activity came from South Florida and there were no second generation leases in any other coastal markets. Rent growth was broad across all building sizes and all leases sizes as it has been throughout this cycle. Once again, this demonstrates if you have high quality assets in the right sub market with a top-tier operating platform all of which we have, you're in a position to capture demand and rent growth in all markets. We had a good start to the year and new developments with a $165 million across five projects totaling 2 million square feet. All of these projects were speculative starts in key sub markets with tight fundamentals across our Southern California; Dallas; Houston; and South Florida markets. Looking at the landscape today, our leasing prospect list is strong for our recently delivered and soon to be delivered spec projects supported by my earlier comment about the stabilization this quarter of three previously delivered spec projects. We also have a nice backlog of build to suit projects with requirements between 100,000 square feet to over 1 million square feet all across the country.  In aggregate, it's possible our pre-leasing percentage may dip slightly below 50% during 2019 due to timing but overall we're very comfortable with our development pipeline and the speculative projects we have underway and their ability to contribute earnings growth beyond 2019. Our overall development pipeline at quarter end had 20 projects under construction totaling 9.2 million square feet at a projected $765 million in stabilized costs for our share. These projects are 52% preleased and our margins on the pipeline are expected to continue to be in excess of 20%. With stabilized occupancy at 98.4% these projects provide a valuable source of future growth. Now I'll turn it over to Nick to cover our acquisition and disposition activities.
Nicholas Anthony: Thanks Jim. We had a light quarter on acquisitions and dispositions. Require two state-of-the-art 36 foot clear logistics facilities totaling $78 million in Seattle and Eastern PA. In aggregate, the two assets total 577,000 square feet and were 72% leased on average. On dispositions we saw on JV asset in Indianapolis with our share of the proceeds totaling $8 million. However, as I alluded to on the January call, we have quite a few assets projected to be sold in our Middle West markets this year with time expected in the third quarter. Regarding the broader acquisition market, we continue to look at many opportunities. However, the market is extremely competitive and thus making it difficult to find select assets in our target growth market which is reflected in our modest full-year range of guidance for acquisitions. I'll now turn it over to Mark to discuss our financial results and guidance update.
Mark Denien: Thanks, Nick. Good afternoon, everyone. Core FFO for the quarter was $0.33 per share compared to core FFO $0.35 per share in the fourth quarter of 2018. Core FFO was negatively impacted by an approximate $0.3 per share increase to non-cash general and administrative expense compared to the fourth quarter of 2018 which is a normal first quarter item resulting from the accounting requirement to immediately expense a significant portion of our annual stock based compensation grant that takes place every February. Core FFO per share increased by 10% from the $0.30 per share deluded reported in the first quarter of 2018 as a result of grocery development as well as continued improved overall operational performance. We reported FFO was defined by NAREIT of $0.33 per share for the quarter compared to $0.31 per share for the first quarter of 2018 with the increase also being driven by improved overall operational performance. AFFO totaled $119 million for the quarter compared to a $108 million for the first quarter of 2018. This 10% increase was driven by the same positive factors impacting FFO in addition to lower capital expenditures that our modern portfolio affords us. This impressive AFFO growth continue to be the driver of future dividend growth. Same property NOI growth on a cash basis for the three months ended March 31, 2019, was a very strong 7.2%. In addition to increased occupancy and rent growth our same property NOI growth this quarter benefited from about 300 basis points of burn off a free rent compared to the first quarter of 2018. This was attributable to some acquisition and development properties that stabilized in late 2017 and had some free rent in early 2018. Same property NOI for the first quarter on a GAAP basis was 4.3% which is lower than the cash number due largely to the lack of the impact from the free rent burn off on a GAAP basis but nonetheless still very strong. We do expect subsequent quarters to remain solid based on continued strong rent growth and high occupancy levels but to decelerate a bit from the current level as there will not be as much lift from free rent and 2018 occupancy comparables get tougher. Also the last half of the year will be negatively impacted by about 40 basis points or about 20 basis points impact for the full-year due to one unique situation. We have a tenant in two different spaces in our same property portfolio totaling about 425,000 square feet. They were looking to consolidate and expand and needed 620,000 square feet. So, we're building a new building for them which should be completed by the end of the second quarter. This is a great transaction for us and will increase total NOI but will be a drag on same property NOI for the last half the year until we can release their former space. In addition, we would like to stress that about 14% of our total cash NOI for the first quarter came from our non same property pool and with 73% occupied reflecting substantial NOI growth prospects from this segment of our portfolio. I would now like to address some refinements to our 2019 guidance that we announced yesterday. First we've increased our guidance for core FFO to a range of $1.39 to $1.45 per deluded share from the previous range of $1.37 to $1.43 per deluded share which equates to $0.2 increase at the midpoint. We have also increased our guidance for NAREIT FFO to a range of $1.36 to a $1.46 per share from the previous range of $1.33 per share to $1.43 per share. Although, growth in same property NOI will moderate from the 7.2% reported this quarter, we still expect solid results and have increased our guidance for same property net operating income to a range of 3.5% to 5.0% from the previous range of 3.25% to 4.75%. We are also revising our guidance for growth in adjusted funds from operations on a share adjusted basis upward to a range of 5.9% to a 11% from the previous range of 5.1% to 10.2%. Finally, we increased our guidance for a stabilize portfolio average percentage least to a range of 97.5% to 98.5% which is up 0.3% at the midpoint. Now I will turn the call back over to Jim.
James Connor: Thanks, Mark. In closing, just a couple of comments. Logistic demand drivers for modern facilities remain very strong in both traditional distribution and e-commerce fulfillment. The macro front maybe a little bumpier than prior years and we are mindful of those risks yet we still feel very good about 2019 as represented by our increase in expected ranges for key growth drivers. And finally, we are confident in our overall ability to drive high single digit AFFO growth and corresponding dividend growth for the foreseeable future. We will now open up the lines to the audience, we would ask participants to keep the dialogue to one question or perhaps two short questions, you of course are always welcome to get back in the queue. Louise you can open up the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Jeremy Metz. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Metz: Hey guys. I was just wondering if you could talk about how you think about the trade-offs between pushing rent and occupancy at this stage given the strong rent spreads you achieved and continue to achieve balance against the upward revisions to your occupancy guidance here and just some of your comments on your outlook for supply and demand balance at this point?
James Connor: Well thanks, Jeremy. I would tell you that's always a question we're asking and I think at the end of the day when we look at our cash and GAAP rent growth and we look at our CapEx to net effective rent which are both very strong numbers and we were able to improve on occupancy, I think we're really hitting on all cylinders. We've all talked about this before, it always costs us more capital to retain at a building than it does to renew a tenant. So, if we can continue to keep our renewal percentage high keep our occupancy percentage high but maintain these roughly 25% and 10% rent growth numbers that we're getting I think we'd hit the right balance.
Jeremy Metz: I appreciate, and --.
James Connor: And on supply and demand, I think we're in a really good spot. The difference between the two of this quarter of 1.6 million square feet in the U.S. logistics market that's one or two deals. So, it could have been timing or anything else. I think we've all been prepared for a point in this cycle when we're going to reach some level of balance and we may in fact be there. And if we are, I think at 4.3% vacancy that's a pretty good spot and I think we'll continue to be able to maintain our occupancies and continue to push rent growth.
Jeremy Metz: I appreciate it. And just second one from me, I just wanted to touch on the development starts here. The 170 million in the quarter was all spec, so maybe just what the leasing prospects look like for that as well as what you just placed in to service in the quarter and then from here should we just expect to see that next layer starts to be more tilted to build the suits at this point?
James Connor: Yes. As you guys know, quarter-to-quarter it's all timing. I didn't put in the script but we've actually already this quarter signed three builder suits. Would I love to have them in the first quarter? Absolutely. But that's just what it is. So, yes I think you'll continue to see us maintain that balance. Our builder suit pipeline is as good as it's ever been and it's as I referenced in the script it's anywhere from a 100,000 square feet up to north of a million square feet and pretty consistent across all the markets. So, I think you'll see us continue to have very positive results on the new development pipeline.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Manny Korchman. Please go ahead.
Manny Korchman: Hey guys, good afternoon. Nick, I've got one for you. If you think about sort of the acquisition pipeline and maybe especially the two acquisitions you closed, why are those buildings I guess leasing quicker? Is it something wrong with the way that the developer and the owner is trying to lease them if demand is so good and you guys proved out the bridge how quickly you can get them lease, why aren't they leasing them before selling them to you or others?
Nicholas Anthony: Well first of all, one asset was already fully leased in Seattle. The other building with we bought in the Lehigh Valley had just delivered and they signed a lease in that and we've got three RFPs on that space right now. So, we do expect it will you know we underwrite 12 months but we fully expect that we will beat that underwriting like we do typically on other acquisitions we've done. So, I don't think there's not a lack of demand.
Manny Korchman: And if you look at the rest of the pipeline, are those similar deals whether new out of the ground and either not stabilized yet or getting closer to stabilize or is there going to be a different flavor to sort of value add than that MO?
Nicholas Anthony: You mean the other assets we are pursuing?
Manny Korchman: Sure, yes.
Nicholas Anthony: Yes. Most of the acquisition we've been pursuing are pretty well leased. In fact, this last acquisition that was half lease was unusual for us. I think it was the first one we've done in the last 18 months.
Manny Korchman: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Nick Yulico. Please go ahead.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. Jim, I guess given all the positive commentary on fundamentals and the trends here in the overall market and in your portfolio as well, have you considered increasing development start activity? It is but I guess and just wondering why not?
James Connor: Yes we have and we actually talked about that from a guidance perspective and I think as indicated by Jeremy's question with five spec buildings in the first quarter, we thought it would be prudent to wait to reassess at the end of the second quarter and hopefully get a little bit more build to suit volume and a little bit more releasing teed up before we made a move on the development pipeline. I think sitting here today I would tell you we think it's trending toward the high end of the range that we had announced in January and as we've said feels an awful lot like it has the last couple of years. So, we would hope we'd be able to get these build to suits signed up and be able to give some good news in the second quarter call.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And then Mark, just question going back to the guidance. I mean it sounds like there are, we should think about occupancy not being as high as we get into the back half of the year. I guess because I'm just wondering though I mean what's going to what would surprise to the upside there? I mean is it just tenants willing to stay in place more, is it even better leasing on the spec projects I mean what's sort of the upside to occupancy?
Mark Denien: Yes I think Nick it's everything you said, you had around in your head. I would tell you that first off in the first quarter we were surprised a little bit to the upside based on our occupancy levels. We quite frankly did not budget or underwrite than our renewal rate would be as high as it was in the first quarter. So, that was part of the reason we're already off to a better start in Q1 and what we had budgeted. We do believe occupancy will tick down a bit from here. One, because as those leases that roll we're pushing rents like Jim said and I don't think that we believe will keep the same retention rate for the remainder of the year that we posted in the first quarter. So, we're anticipating a little downward tick there. I mentioned the two spaces that we have a tenant in that totaled 425,000 square feet that we know is coming back to us at the end of the second quarter because we're moving into a build to suit. So, that will bring occupancy down as well. So, to the upside it would be the quicker releasing of space like that. It would be retention rates coming in for the rest of you closer to what they came in in the first quarter compared to our what I would say normal run rate of closer to 75% percent. So, be some combination of all that that could cause it to go to the upside.
Nick Yulico: Thanks.
Mark Denien: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jamie Feldman. Please go ahead.
Jamie Feldman: Great, thank you. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the types of demand you're seeing. I think there's been a lot of discussion in the market about smaller tenant demand in some markets versus larger. Have you seen any split in that along those lines in your portfolio?
James Connor: Yes, thanks Jamie. No, we really haven't. We had picked up on some of the chatter and that question some of our peers. So, we took a look at our first quarter results which obviously with only 2.8 million square feet of leasing wasn't a particularly deep pool of data. So, we went back and looked at all of 2018 as well and the truth is it all performed really well. I mean I'm not going to kid here for us in actuality, the big space is north of 500,000 feet did perform the best for us in terms of occupancy and rent growth and the smaller under a 100,000 was probably the lowest performing but you're talking about the under 100,000 foot buildings being 97.2% compared to the over 500 at 98.9. So, they're all really good. Rent growth was probably the strongest in the big buildings at 31 and 10 and 22.4 and 7.1 in the smaller buildings; again really good numbers for any which way you want to slice it and it's funny because a lot of people think of our portfolio and we get a lot of credit for the million square foot Amazon buildings. But you have to remember that we have 300 buildings out of our 504 that are in service that are under 250,000 feet and that totals 40 million square feet of our 146 million that's in service. So, we've got a fair bit of exposure and we're really active in this size range. So, I'm happy to tell you it's good all over the board.
Jamie Feldman: Okay. And then as you guys think about growing a portfolio through acquisitions I mean do you have a bias, would you want to get more into kind of smaller footprint and small type assets or are you contend staying investing even more in kind of larger bombers?
James Connor: I would tell you under a 100,000 feet we don't have a particularly strong appetite unless it was part of a package or deals like that but between a 100 and a million, it fits in our portfolio like anything else and a number of the one-off deals that Nick and his team have acquired this year and last would fall into that 100,000 to 250,000 square foot category and many of those are multi-tenant building. So, that's a product type that we've always played in. We're just probably not as well known for that as some of our peers but we've got a lot of that product and we do a lot of that leasing.
Jamie Feldman: Okay. And the ones that Nick's been buying is that's just more because you can find them or that's more because you felt like you wanted to round out the portfolio with more of that?
James Connor: Well, we're really just refining our geography a little bit with those small amount of acquisitions we're doing then using disposition proceeds for it and it's very selective in just a handful of high breed tier one markets. And those assets tend to be a little smaller.
Jamie Feldman: I'm sorry?
James Connor: And those assets tend to be a little bit smaller.
Jamie Feldman: Right, okay, alright thank you.
James Connor: Good.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blaine Heck. Please go ahead.
Blaine Heck: Thanks, good afternoon. So, you guys are a little slow out of the gate this here on the disposition front relative to kind of the quarterly taste hit guidance. You talked last quarter about getting Midwest dispositions done in the first half. So, is there anything to read into that related to the appetite for properties and tier two markets? Are sales taking any longer to complete then kind of your expectation or are those sales still on track?
Nicholas Anthony: No, there are no issues. In fact, we have about a 100 million of volume nonrefundable right now that we expect to close very early in the third quarter and we've got most of our target disposition list and various stages of the process. So, traditionally dispositions have always happened later in the year and we always for whatever reason people wait till the end of the year to get things sold.
Blaine Heck: Okay, I got it. And then, maybe sticking with you Nick, on the acquisitions just to get from the 3% in place to the 4.5% stabilized in there, is it just a matter of leasing them up to a stabilized level or is there any rent growth assumption built in there?
Nicholas Anthony: No rent growth assumption built into it, it's just a one unit that needs to get leased up.
Blaine Heck: Got it, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Eric Frankel. Please go ahead.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. Jim I guess you might have answered my question partially with your comment on the build to suit one this quarter. But just looking, I understand you have your 50% of kind of prelease minimum requirement for your development pipeline but you combine your unstabilized portfolio with your under developing portfolio I think the occupancy decrease from safe or lease percentage decrease in about 45% about I think 37% or so. Could you guys, are you guys thinking about altering your measure kind of what your risk cap is in terms of development and unstabilized assets?
James Connor: No Eric, I can't tell you -- we're going to start looking at it any differently than I think we historically have. I think a combination of the occupancy of the underdevelopment the in service and the stabilized was the right cross section of all of our occupancy matrix to look at. And then, as big as we are we have to look at the development pipeline in totality. And we look at every spec project and measure the risk that we're taking on and as we talked in the past, that's not just from a company perspective but also looks at what's going on that business unit. What we got coming at us in the next 12 to 18 months in terms of lease role. What kind of rent growth and occupancy and that absorption we're seeing in those specific markets. So, I think we got our hand on the pulse of the right matrix, we'll be making all of those decisions. But we're always happy to talk about slicing and dicing the data differently if there is a better way to do it.
Nicholas Anthony: Yes. The only thing I would add to that Eric I like Jim said. The 50% kind of preleased and the development pipeline is an easy thing to talk about. But we got a whole lot more matrix in that and totally that we look at before we pull the trigger on any new.
Eric Frankel: That's helpful to know, thank you. I just have one follow-up and then I'll go queue back in. just on the build to suits that you're seeing for the rest of the year, have the margins at all changed for what you're able to offer, I mean it sounds like it's all supplies in check, it still seems that and most like a more even more competitive environment and then what it was a year or two ago. So, any thoughts on build to suit margins?
Nicholas Anthony: No, our margins, we're projecting our margins to continue to be north of 20% which is where they literally averaged for the last probably 10 years. And that's a makeup of some of the more competitive build to suits, are probably in the mid-to-high teens, maybe 15% to 17%. And the speculative development particularly on land that we bought right, is probably 25%.
Eric Frankel: Okay, I'll queue back in, thank you.
Nicholas Anthony: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ki Bin Kim. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Hey, guys. So, if you look back at the industrial market for the past few years, I dont think it matter where you owned it, you pay I mean money on it.
James Connor: We're okay with that.
Ki Bin Kim: Yes, and I didnt make any money on this, well here there goes on our story. So, but going forward, how do you think about long-term market mix. And is it better to buy things in LA four caps even at this point versus and selling assets in the Midwest that low to mid five caps. I just want to get a sense of your broader thoughts on that topic.
James Connor: Well, keep it up. I'll give you a couple of comments. We've done a pretty good job of analyzing the REIT growth in our portfolio and market dynamics and I think that's one of the big reasons you're seeing us as we've transitioned the company over the last few years pushing into those coastal markets. Because those coastal markets are where you had historically always gotten the strongest rent growth. When we go into a downturn over sessions, all of the markets are going to move the wrong way but typically those costal markets particularly the high barrier ones that we talk a lot about, those are the markets where you get the greatest returns. I would tell you our primary focus is on development and not necessarily acquisition, although we do do a bit of that. But I much rather be developing in and as you referenced LA, at a 5.5 as opposed to buy it at a four. But in today's world you're creating value with either one.
Ki Bin Kim: And like the asset in 4375 Paris Boulevard, I'll be honest I dont know if thats our market, others saw market as a good one or bad one. I know it's only mile or a two mile stop at the other development that you have that was fully leased. But is development or our build to suit activity taking you away further way from the city center and is there some risk with that?
James Connor: Well, if you want to look at individual assets, we do a combination of infill redevelopment and more traditional Greenfield development. So, if you look at what we're doing or what we've done in Southern California, when you go out to Perris in the Moreno Valley, that's more traditional Greenfield development. But when you go into the IE West and into Orange County where we've done a number of projects, thats much closer in infield. It has a higher degree of difficulty because you're generally dealing with having to assemble a complicated site. There's probably environmental issues. The development process in California as you know was a challenging one. So, in order to get the site fully entitled, you probably looking at 12 or 15 months with the work. But again, we do it all, we're doing a lot of infield development, we own a lot of infield properties, we'll continue to have a focus there. But we're also doing the bigger Greenfield because if you're in the Los Angeles and you need a million square foot distribution center, you can do it in Orange County if it doesn't exist. That's why all those big those big million square footers have gone out to the IE because that's where the land is available for those kind of developments.
Ki Bin Kim: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Michael Carroll. Please go ahead.
Michael Carroll: Yes, thanks. Tim, I just wanted to touch on I guess your development leasing. I'm sorry if I miss this but I know you recently completed a number of projects where there has been some available space. And last quarter you gave us some pretty good details about the trends of those projects. I guess are those trends, are you still happy with leasing progress and we should expect to see some leases signed here over the next few quarters, is it still just a prime thing and why some of that space is still available?
James Connor: Well you better expect to see some leases because I expect to see some huge sign. We will be in some serious trouble. No, I'll tell you Michael, the thing that we look at and again you can't get hung-up looking at an individual building because when we underwrite a speculative development irrespective of how good we think it is or how mediocre we think it is, we put in 12 months at least. And some of those buildings gets leased the first month and some gets leased in month 12 and unfortunately some gets leased in month 18. If you look across our entire portfolio for the last two years or three years?
Nicholas Anthony: Three.
James Connor: Three years, we've been averaging across all our speculative development complete lease up and stabilization in month nine. So, we've been running ahead of our underwriting. A lot of winners, a lot coming on on budget but a few losers. And that's what I think you'll continue to see, that's the nature of the beast with speculative development.
Michael Carroll: Okay. And the, I guess your highlight on the build to suit pipeline, should we read into that since you started for the many spec projects in 1Q that you're going to be more focused on build to suit less on spec over the next few quarters or a spec's still interesting to you?
James Connor: No, spec is still very interesting to us and we're always focused on build to suit because that's what has enabled us to drive new development to the levels that we have. What I would tell you and we've talked about this from time-to-time when I've referenced our development pipeline may dip below 50%. As we have worked our way into high barrier markets like Northern New Jersey and further into the Southern California infield markets like Orange County and even in Dade County where we have some very expensive land tied up. It pays for us to put that into production absolutely as soon as we can. So, in years gone by, I might have wanted to move some of those around from quarter-to-quarter to maintain that 50%, but in these instances we think the market is strong enough and the carry on the land is significant enough that we're probably going to move ahead and put those into production as soon as possible. And that's what driving that, what's behind my statement of where it may dip below, it's not going to go to 35% or 40%. But we just may choose from a timing perspective to move ahead with a few spec projects sooner than we thought we would have in the past but you'll also continue to see just as I referenced earlier since we already signed three build to suits have a good number of build to suit projects.
Michael Carroll: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll go to the line of Richard Anderson. Please go ahead.
Richard Anderson: Thanks, good afternoon. So, Jim or anyone, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about obsolescence, not maybe this year but as the business of logistics moves closer in and this kind of been just underwriting this call, away from perhaps these huge fulfilment centers into smaller spaces. Even Amazon is doing that more and more. What is an alternative us of a million two square foot rectangle.
James Connor: Well, we've talked in the past, we've never lost Amazon from any one of our facilities, now that isnt to say they havent moved out and so and eventually someday they'll move out of lot. And as we've spent a lot of time --.
Richard Anderson: They moved out of Coffeyville I believe I recall reading that but that's a long time ago. Anyway, okay.
James Connor: That wasnt one of our projects.
Richard Anderson: I know, yes.
James Connor: So, but you know what, some day they will, you're absolutely right. And what we want to remind everybody is we own just the box, okay we dont own any of the material, handling, equipment or mezzanines or robotics or anything like that. And we've got restoration costs. So, at the end of the day I own a good clean functional 1.2 million 1.1 whatever the size is box with plenty of parking and plenty of tailor storage, plenty of loading facilities. That building can be released to Walmart, to Procter & Gamble to target, that building could be divided into half or quarters, I can do 500,000 foot leases or 300,000 foot leases. So, we've always got an eye towards the future in any of our development whether it's speculative of build to suit and we think we've underwritten those at the right basis that at the end of that lease term if we were to lose in Amazon, we'll be able to compete for deals very favorably.
Nicholas Anthony: Rich, the other thing I would say is these, take Amazon for example, these 90,000 80,000 square foot buildings are not replacing anything, and they're purely additive to their supply chain. They also still serviced by these fulfilment centers. So, it's just maybe that the fulfilment center is servicing both the direct and consumer and those delivery stations or whatever you want to call them. So, they're not replacing anything, they're just additive to their supply chain.
Richard Anderson: Okay, fair enough. And then another thing that was touched on then and on off was explicitly answered, you dont have a bent either way about having your average asset size go higher or lower over the course of the next few years. Do you or you're thinking in terms of well maybe you said 100,000 or a million square feet fit into our kind of business model. Are you kind of showing your cards a little bit that they'll be willing to get a little bit smaller?
Nicholas Anthony: Yes, I would tell you we do not have a component of our strategic plan or our annual budget. That says we want to get our average building size bigger or our average tenant size bigger or the inverse, smaller by any stretch of the imagination. Our local operating teams are out just trying to do good quality business. And we own, we still own, I'm looking at the latest numbers here, we still own 95 buildings under a 100,000 square feet, 202 between a 100,000 and 250,000 feet, a 140 between 250 and 500 and 87 over 500. I mean that's pretty good balance across all sizes. And I'd happily take more of any of those.
Ronald Hubbard: Yes, and if you look at our pipeline of what we're building Rich, we're building everything from a 140 to a million and everything in between.
Richard Anderson: Yes.
Ronald Hubbard: It's more about where the asset is and what it's going to serve and how big the asset is.
Richard Anderson: So, size doesn't matter, is that right?
James Connor: Rich, I'm not going there, buddy, not on a public line.
Richard Anderson: I kind of partially stumped, okay you guys stumbled first time, alright thanks, that's all.
Operator: Our next question is from John Guinee. Please go ahead.
John Guinee: Great, thank you. Mark, by the way you're building a 77,000 foot building in Indianapolis to say now.
Mark Denien: That's true, I forgot about that one.
Nicholas Anthony: True John, you're right.
John Guinee: So, big picture, Jim. Not all these sub markets are created equal and some of them are basically out of land clearly out of Greenfield land and into repurposing land. Can you talk about the bigger markets say Atlanta, Dallas, Chicago, you guys have a great team in Atlanta, great team in Dallas. Maybe whatever markets you care about that where are you essentially out of land and where particularly with sub markets as the DFW sub market and then where are those land as far as the eye can see and then take it into the ability to have long-term pricing power in these markets where you're essentially out of land?
James Connor: Well John, you've hit on what is the key to some of these Tier 1 markets, I do we might have some data handy because I thought we might get this question. So, if you take Dallas for example which by and large in its entirety is reasonably healthy, has good strong net absorption but you drill down to the sub market level and you go to on the South Dallas and we've all talked about South Dallas before. No barriers to entry, plenty of available land, good expressway access, reasonably new intermodal and a vacancy in South Dallas is 15.3%. So, like four times the national average. You go to the DFW sub market which you and I would call infill and there's very little available land, there vacancy is 6%. If you go to Chicago, it's the same extreme. You go under the I80 corridor, again not a lot of barriers to entry, good expressway access and the vacancy down there is a 11.7%. You go to the O'Hare Market, we've all been in toward through the O'Hare Market. It's 2.4% vacancy. So, you're absolutely right, not only do you not have pricing power today when the vacancy in those overbuilt markets, is where it is but you can anticipate having any pricing power over the long-term. So, when if you have a building down there and you got lease role coming at you, your tenant probably has the opportunity to look at a number of different spec buildings or potentially go to a build to suit whereas you go to these infill markets around the airport -  and some of the other high barrier Tier 1 markets that we've talked about and those opportunities dont avail themselves and which is why you can generally get up to twice the rent growth in those markets that you can and some of these low barrier markets.
John Guinee: Well said, good job, thanks.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Michael Mueller. Please go ahead.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi. I guess in the released upfront, you called out that you're going to have a little level of lease for wherever the rest of 2019. Because I'm curious, is there anything you need to you're trying to point out about this year that you are trying to get us focused on because when I like at the first quarter '18 stop, it was the same exact dynamic.
James Connor: No, I dont necessarily think so, Michael. I think it's just its lower risk. I mean, we may not have the ability to push rent growth quite as much as some of our peers but at the same time there is a risk related to do in that. So, it's a little bit around the guidance that we gave on same proper NOI. That's another reason that it will decelerate a little bit for the remainder of the year because we won't be rowing as many tenants as maybe we would like to in this environment. But in the long run we like the balance of what we have.
Michael Mueller: Okay, so it's nothing really atypical about this year then?
James Connor: Not necessarily, I think this year was still a little lower than the past because we did just a tremendous amount of pull forwards in the fourth quarter that we talked about on the fourth quarter call. And when I say pull forwards, some of them were just four to six months early, not like they were dramatically early. But we just took care of more of this year's expirations at the end of last year than I think would be normal, not a lot more but a little bit more.
Michael Mueller: Got it, okay. That was it, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll move to the line of Eric Frankel. Please go ahead.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. I think one market and then I just want maybe some we might have some better clarity on, is Atlanta we've done some spec development. Can you just describe the recent activity there and how quickly you're taking the lease up your recent development?
James Connor: Yes, we got really activity down there and I note when you look at Atlanta in its entirety, people see 6%, that's actually down first quarter of 2018, it was 6.8%. And I think Atlanta had depending on who you talked to, 18 million square feet plus or minus. So, a lot of good activity. But there is as you pointed Eric, a fair bit of development down there. So, we've got three buildings. One of which is 589, one of which is a 193, hold on I'm searching for the other one. The other one's 498. The 498 is I'm looking at a prospect list right now, we got two good prospects. The 193, we've signed a lease for over a half of that building that will be announced at the second quarter. So, we got over 90,000 feet there left and my sheet says we got two prospects for that. And then, the big building the 598, we got three prospects forward. And so, we're continuing to see good demand across the board and we always are evaluating at this point in the cycle whether we want to hold out for full building tenants or we're into break the building up. And that's a little bit of what's going on depending on the kind of activity that we're seeing. But again, those buildings have a fair bit of flexibility. So, we can do single tenant dealings or we can break the building up and lease it to two different tenants.
Eric Frankel: Okay. And then maybe another market just to touch on Central PA, any concerns there, I hear that recent activity is a little bit softer and there's since there has been a lot that in development it's going to be coming online in the next few quarters.
James Connor: Yes, as I mentioned in the past, Central PA is has been a little bit slow, we've got a big building there, looking forward on my list here, 832. We got one full building prospected to partial building prospects, half and then three quarters of the building. So, I would tell you activity is good but that building came into service in the third quarter of last year. And as I like to remind my leasing team out there, I think it's ripe for leasing.
Eric Frankel: Okay. So alright, we'll see it happen. Are there any tenants on the watch list in terms of credit that's that we should know about or there might be a factor in same-store guidance?
James Connor: No, nothing new other than we do have one tenant, one new event I guess you'd say, ZGallerie filed bankruptcy back in March. They are current on the rent, they're down in about 200,000 square feet in Atlanta. From everything we've been told, it's a chapter 11 situation, the facility is pretty critical. Those are a supply chain. So, we think it'll be business as usual but if something were to change in that, the rent is below market. So, I think it would be a situation of kind of like the HH spreads, there'd be a period of time to retenant it if that would happen but it be at better rounds. Other than that, nothing new Eric.
Eric Frankel: Okay, final question. You might have seen pretty sure heard of off from the Journo yesterday about a fairly large portfolio platform coming online that might come to market this year. Do you think there's actual appetites to take down a super large portfolio that's worth say $15 billion or $20 billion?
James Connor: Eric, on that I dont know that order of magnitude, there is an awful lot of dry powder out there chasing logistics properties and I think a number of the deals that have been done over the last couple of years in the let's call it $3 billion to $7 billion range, have had multiple bidders. So, I dont think it's out of the question. I dont think it's out of the question that you could create a partnership that could take down a project of that magnitude. But I was selling guys earlier. Looking at big deals like that, it's a little bit like shopping for a new big boat. It's really fun to look at it and talk about it but it's financially hard to do.
Eric Frankel: Yes, understood, okay thank you.
Operator: And there are no further question. Thank you.
James Connor: I want to thank everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to see many of you at the NAREIT conference in New York in early June. With that, you may disconnect the line.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and we're using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-22 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Prologis Q4 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kim, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Also note that this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Tracy Ward. Tracy, you may begin.
Tracy Ward: Thanks, Kim, and good morning everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2018 conference call. The supplemental document is available on our Web site at prologis.com under Investor Relations. I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under Federal Securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filings. Additionally, our fourth quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided reconciliation to those measures. This morning, we'll hear from Hamid Moghadam, our Chairman and CEO who will comment on the Company's outlook. Then Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results and guidance; Gary Anderson, Chris Caton, Mike Curless, Ed Nekritz, Gene Reilly, and Colleen McKeown are also here with us today. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Hamid.
Hamid Moghadam: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. We had a great fourth quarter capping out our strongest year ever, and Tom will go over the details of all that later. What I want to do right off the bat is to address the issues that are probably top of mind for most of you. Namely, what we're seeing in the up to the minute data, what we're hearing from our customers and the steps we're taking to manage through this period of increased uncertainty. First, let me start with what we know. The proprietary forward-looking operating metrics, which we monitor regularly, such as showing average deal gestation period and lease conversion rates are holding steady. We signed 17 million square feet of leases in December and in the first 20 days of January, usually the slowest part of the year. Based on specific data, which we can elaborate on in Q&A, customer interest is robust. We expect activity to remain strong with our most dynamic customers building out new and improved logistics networks. While we haven't seen any softness even in the slower growing segments, we wouldn't be surprised if some users hit the pause button until they saw further clarity on the direction of the economy. Now for what we think this means. Our crystal ball is not any clearer than anybody else's than we're navigating in uncharted waters, since the factors causing market volatility are a 100% self-inflicted and don't lend themselves to fundamental analysis. If the government shuts down and the trade disputes with China are resolved soon, the market can very quickly bounce back on its prior strong trajectory. After all, confidence is the cheapest and strongest form of stimulus. Now, what are we doing about all this? With the completion of our 14 billion non-strategic disposition program, our portfolio is now focused on the highest quality properties in the best markets. Our balance sheet is one of the strongest among REITs and our funds have ample investment capacity. In short, we've already done the hard work of preparing for all parts of the market cycle. Also, property fundamentals remain our strong as I've ever seen with vacancy at a historic low, utilization at a historic high, limited new supply, absence of shadow space and e-commerce providing a secular tailwind to the logistics sector. Weve taken several additional steps to account for the increased risk of the capital market volatility. First, weve raised the bar for all new speculative development starts. Second, were monitoring our proprietary forward-looking indicators on a daily basis and are actively engaged in customer dialogues to asses any changes in market sentiment. And third, in the last two weeks, we have tempered our 2019 business plan assumptions and guidance to account for higher potential risks in the environment. Again, I want to emphasize, we are not seeing any signs of weakness in the market, but to ignore the turbulence of the past month would be responsible. Were not telegraphing an inflection point in the economy, were just trying to be prudent in running our business. Looking back, this environment reminds me a lot of the dot com era. In the two years following the market peak in March of 2000, Nasdaq lost two-thirds of its value, the S&P 500 was up 20% while REITs appreciated by nearly 60%. Were not naive enough to think that we can predict the market, but there are uncanny parallels between the environments today in that. Sure, todays generation of tech leaders are real companies making real money, but there are plenty of unicorns that are highly dependent on the abundance of cheap capital -- risk capital for their survival. History doesnt repeat itself, but it does often rhyme with the past. My bet is that well managed REITs will shine once again because of their defensive characteristics and its attractive risk adjusted yields. With that, Ill turn it over to Tom.
Tom Olinger: Thanks Hamid. Ill cover highlights for the fourth quarter and introduce 2019 guidance. We had an outstanding year and quarter. Core FFO per share was $3.03 for the year, which included $0.14 of net promote income and $0.80 for the quarter, including $0.05 of promotes. Global occupancy at year-end held steady at 97.5% while the U.S. ticked down 20 basis points as we continue to push rates and term. Our share of net effective rent change on rollovers in the quarter was an all time high at 25.6% with the U.S. at over 33%. We leased 35 million square feet in the quarter with an average term of 83 months also a record high. The spread between our in place leases and market rents was extended modestly to more than 15%, driven primarily by Europe where we now estimate our leases to be approximately 11% below market. Our share of cash same-store NOI growth was 4.5% for the quarter. Given the longer lease trends this quarter we had more nominal pre-rents, which had 50 basis points drag on cash same-store. It's important to note that pre-rents as a percentage of lease value declined sequentially by 20 basis points to 3.7%. 2018 was also a good year for our strategic capital business. Investor demand remains strong for well located logistics real estate. We raised $2.2 billion in new capital and grew our third-party AUM to more than $35 billion. Our strategic capital business continues to deliver a durable revenue stream with over 90% of fees coming from perpetual or very long life vehicles. On the deployment front, we had an active year and created significant value for our shareholders. Development stabilizations were approximately $1.9 billion with an estimated margin of over 35% and value creation of $661 million. The $1.1 billion of asset sales in the quarter marks the completion of our multiyear non-strategic disposition program. Turning to capital markets, our balance sheet remains one of the best in the business, our credit metrics are extremely strong and we continue to access capital globally at attractive terms. We have minimal refinancing risk as more than 75% of our debt is denominated in foreign currencies where base rates are near or at historic lows. And with the recast enough size of our global line of credit, we now have liquidity of over $4 billion and more than $6.5 billion from potential fund rebalancing. We can self fund our run rate deployment for the foreseeable future. Now for 2019 guidance which I'll provide on an our share basis. As Hamid mentioned that less resolved soon, the volatility in the capital markets and the related self inflicted political paralysis are bound to affect consumer and business confidence. We revised our outlook and corresponding guidance in response to this ongoing uncertainty. Clearly, there's upside toward guidance should these issues to be resolved. We expect cash same-store NOI growth between 3.75% and 4.75%, and period ending occupancy to range between 96% to 97.5%. For strategic capital, we expect revenue excluding promotes of $300 million to $310 million and net promote income of $0.10 per share, which is based on today's real estate values and FX rates. Consistent with prior years, there will be timing difference between the recognition of promote revenue and its related expenses. We expect to recognize majority of the promote revenue in the third quarter and incur $0.01 of promote expense in each quarter of 2019. We have reduced development starts from 2018 levels and expect a range between $1.6 billion and $2 billion. Build-to-suits will comprise more than 30% of this volume. Dispositions will raise between $500 million and $800 million, well below our $2 billion run rate over the last several years. Contributions are expected to range between $1 billion and $1.3 billion, which includes the formation of our Brazil venture that closed last week. Our share of net deployment uses at the midpoint is $400 million, which we plan to fund through a combination of free cash flow, modest leverage and potential fund sell-downs. There is a timing lag to reinvest our significant deployment proceeds back into development, which will reduced first quarter core FFO by approximately $0.02. For SG&A we're forecasting a range between $240 million and $250 million, representing year-over-year growth of 2.5% at the point, while managing 18% more real estate. Putting this all together, we expect 2019 core FFO to range between $3.12 and $3.20 per share, which includes $0.10 of net promote income. Our guidance reflects the impact of the new lease accounting standard. For year-over-year comparison, our 2018 results reflected $0.04 of internal capitalized leasing costs. As the midpoint, core FFO growth excluding promotes is almost 7.5%. To put this growth in the context, the three year plan we provided at our Investor Day in November 2016 called for 7% to 8% annual growth excluding promotes. At the midpoint of our 2019 guidance, we'll have averaged 8.7% for this three year period outpacing our high reach expectations. To wrap up, we had an excellent quarter and year. While we remain on the lookout for signs of market weakness, we feel great about our business and are extremely confident in our ability to outperform. With that, I'll turn it over to Kim for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: If any slowdown should occur where should we expect that first, is there a geographic tilt to that? Or is it the amount of pace that it's looking for or the rents or type of tenants, any color around that?
Hamid Moghadam : I think it's likely to be a demand driven problem, because any change in situation is not likely to come from the supply side, there is a lot of visibility on supply for the next 12 months. So it's really the demand side. So you would -- where you would see it is obviously on leasing volumes and rent change on leasing and the like, probably not as in same store because that takes a while and it's very occupancy driven. And we're trying to drive down occupancy, so you see the rent change and leasing volumes and all that. Where we would see it a bit earlier than you are some of those forward looking indicators like traffic through our buildings, like how long it takes to make a deal, like what is the conversion rate of showings to actual leasing activity and all that. So we see those on a daily basis literally. I can tell you what happens at the end of today. And those are the forward indicators that I was referring to.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Bilerman from Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Hamid, I was wondering if you can spend a little bit of time talking about development starts. And I think one of the comments you talked about is trying to be conservative in managing the land bank and managing starts. As we think about 2018, you've put out a range with the midpoint of $1.8 billion in terms of starts, which is down about 30% from the $2.5 billion you did late this year and certainly lower than the guidance you came into as well into 2018. So how much of that is a demand side versus a yield expectation side that's dropping that you don't want to play in. And maybe you can talk about those, or how much of it's just purely don't have the land bank to support a larger pipeline. Maybe you can help with the context?
Hamid Moghadam : First of all, if you look at our development guidance, there is build to suite and there is spec. And on the built and suite front, we have assumed a small fall off rate. But essentially the built to suite activity that we have and we know, we have great visibility on. On the specs we've reduced the starts by maybe 40%-ish, maybe 45%, only because why get off in front of skies. Last year was the biggest development start number that we had in a decade. I remember way back when people kept always looking for higher and higher development guidance and I mentioned three or four years ago maybe five years ago now that our development is going to raise between $2 billion and $3 billion a year. Last year, we exceeded that and this is gross numbers not our share, our share numbers are smaller. But at this point in the cycle, why project a more spec development than you have visibility for? So as you know, we're building mostly in parks and we're building off in that sixth or seventh building in the park. We usually have a couple of patch ready to go. So if we're wrong about market demand and strength of the market, we'll just continue at a higher level of spec development where we totally control that, so there is no point counting on that and getting expectation to that level. It's certainly not because of lack of land bank, because while we pruned our land bank significantly, our land is really good and developable and entitled. And it's certainly not because we're not getting the yields. I mean, you've seen us now for five years project yields in the teens and we end up in the 20s and 30s. So the land bank provides for almost $11 billion of build out if we were to build all of it. So we got capacity for many years of development and feel good about that, and are not going to be afraid to put that capacity to good use in terms of additional starts as we watch the year unfold.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Feldman from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: I was hoping you could just provide a little bit more color on the changes you did make in the guidance, sounds like in the last couple of weeks you revised lower. Can you talk about where you did make the cuts and then also how conservative is this number? I mean, what would it take to actually -- how much worse things have to get for you to actually miss what you put out?
Hamid Moghadam : Well, the second part of that or the last part of that is really hard to answer. Obviously, as the world falls off the cliff, so there's always downside to any scenario. But there's certainly less downside in this scenario than it would have been in our original plan. I would say we tweaked our plan in a couple of general areas and Tom can get into the specifics. But we moderated rental growth this year. We are glide path to stabilize occupancy of 95%, which is the norm in our business. We've got there. We accelerated the glide path down to that. We cranked up our credit loss a little bit and we obviously reduced the development guidance or development expectations for the year going forward. Those are the big parts of it. Tom, do you want to
Tom Olinger: So on rent growth, we tempered that by about 200 basis points. So for global, our share rent growth in '19 will be in the mid 3s. Same store NOI, we talked about that's down about 50 basis points driven by lower average occupancies, lower market rent growth and little bit of bad debt if you need mentioned starts. We talked about core FFO down about $0.05%, a combination of about $0.02 from same store and NOI, about $0.02 from lower deployment and a slower pace of deployment and about $0.01 from lower fees just related to lower transaction volume.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico from Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Nick Yulico: In terms of the guidance for occupancy declining this year, would you break down the drivers of that impact between on the one hand your strategy of pushing rents more at the expense of occupancy versus whether there is a bigger impact from supply demand imbalance or even some of your conservatism on demand because of a weaker economy?
Hamid Moghadam : There is no supply demand imbalance. I mean, even last year in 2018 much to our surprise demand exceeded supply. Now, we've been sitting here telling you for four or five years that one of these days the supply will exceed demand by a little bit here and we're going to say that again this year. We've been wrong in the last four or five years. But even if demand falls short of supply with an effective vacancy rate in the market of the high 4% range, even if 50 million square foot shortfall between supply and demand won't move vacancy rates by more than 10 or 15 basis points. So I dont think it's those things. It's just that we are trying to maintain pricing power and push rents. Frankly as the market has spoken, our occupancy levels have not budged in fact moved in the wrong direction. It is our stated objective not to be running so full, particularly when you look at the underlying utilization of these buildings. It's not only that vacancy rates are low, it's also utilizations are really high. So every indication we have is that our customers need more space and they're really tied, but we do want to drive pricing. So you might critic us by saying why do reduce your rent growth forecast if youre pushing for more rent and reducing occupancy levels? And my answer to that would be, were trying to be prudent in this environment, things move around quite a bit. And if we turn it to be overly prudent during the year, we always have the opportunity to adjust that in subsequent quarters when we thought to.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derek Johnston from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Derek Johnson: I wanted to get into the mix between development yields and the weaker global growth environment that has you guys prudent. And when I look at the 6.2% fourth quarter development yields certainly a bit lower than full year '18 at the 6.5% level. So is this the new norm for 2019 the lower yield environment and is due to construction costs? Can you share some of this cost impact on new development and how those pressures breakdown, I guess between labor and materials? Thank you.
Hamid Moghadam : So I wouldnt read too much into the lower yields, it's partly mix and its partly obviously we moderated our rental growth, so whatever we had in the mix before its going to be a little bit lower because of that moderated rental growth but it's still very profitable development. And as you can see, we keep guiding to built-to-suit margins in the 12% range, the spec margins in the 15% range. And we every year have come out ahead of that 500 to a 1,000 basis points of margin, maybe some more in prior years. So look, I dont know what it's going to be, were going to find out what it is, but were taking our best guess at it. And we feel pretty good about there being profitable, ample profitable development opportunities. Again as I said in response to the previous question on development, it's not like were reducing our guidance because we dont think we can get the margins. If the market holds up anywhere near where it has been, I think well get really good margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Craig Mailman : Hamid, you had mentioned in your opening remarks that you raised the bar for new speculative starts. Can you maybe just give a little bit more detail on where you tweaked it from maybe yield expectations? And then just a follow-up, Tom, maybe to Jamies question. Could you just -- I think I heard 50 basis points. But could you just clarify where cash same-store was before you guys took a haircut to it?
Hamid Moghadam : Tom, go ahead and answer that and then I'll
Tom Olinger: So Craig, yes, 50 basis points lower same-store based on our assessment of the market volatility versus our original plan, 50 basis points more.
Hamid Moghadam : And I thought I answered the first part of the question but if you want to ask the different way, maybe I can see the nuance in it.
Craig Mailman : I was just -- I apologize if I didnt hear you. I just wanted to get a sense of where -- what exactly you're tweaking it for, is it a yield bar that you're raising here on new stars or is it just
Hamid Moghadam : No
Craig Mailman : So the underwriting is
Hamid Moghadam : No, it's not. What we said is we sat around the table and we said, okay, let's see what happens to our built to suit loan yields, let's whack that by 15%. So let's say what can happen to our spec volume and let's whack that by 45% and we size those numbers around and that's where we came out. So it was not -- I mean it was not a bottoms up deal by deal build up of the spec starts, it was that way for the built to suits. But by definition the spec starts are not that bottoms up exercise.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vikram Malhotra from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vikram Malhotra: I just want to focus on the rent growth comments I know you've just tempered expectations more just to be conservative. But can you give us some color on what you're baking in for coastal maybe versus other markets in the past, you've talked about high-single-digits in coastal and mid in others. And then are there a couple of markets you can call out where you're maybe seeing some turn in fundamental that's driving this any market specifically?
Hamid Moghadam : The short answer to the question is that coastal is more like 4, 4 plus and in land is more like 2, 2 plus. But there's a lot of variability even in those numbers and we have a very detailed market-by-market analysis of rent. We forecast rents market-by-market and we update our forecast couple times a year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeremy Metz from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Two questions from me, the first I just want to go back to the supply conversation, just given some of the rising costs and just the overall limited amount of quality intra land sites that are out there. I'm wondering if you can comment on how much of new supply being built today is really just not competitive or a threat to your U.S. portfolio just given all the repositioning you've done at this point. And then the second one is one for Tom just on guidance. I just have the DCT portfolio under roof for a few months now. I think originally you're expecting about $0.07 of accretion in 2019 from that. Can you just talk how it's trending and do you still feel like that's the appropriate amount?
Tom Olinger: Jeremy, I'll go first on that. The accretion in '19 is more like $0.05, because in 2018 we had $0.07 annualized. So we got $0.02 plus of that in 2018. So the real incremental increase in '19 is $0.05. But all our expectations as we said, we hit all of our day one synergies way back in Q3 everything is going I would say overall better than plan.
Hamid Moghadam : And with respect to markets, I would say there're some markets that are I've had too much supply in the last couple of months, and I would say Chicago -- starts have really picked up in Chicago, so we're watching that pretty carefully. Atlanta and Houston and Central PA, those would be the markets where we would have a concern about supply. And if you wanted to expand that list internationally, I would say I would add Madrid and Osaka to the list. And on the positive side, we feel better about Dallas than we did a couple of months ago. It seems like we're over the hump over there. So these numbers will move around but you'd probably see them more naturally in the less supply constrained markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: Tom, can you provide some color on what's your bad debt assumptions are for 2019, and are you seeing any specific tenants that you conserve in the portfolio? I know last quarter I think you highlighted there is roughly 30 basis points of revenue that you would say that thats at risk. Or is it more of just the uncertain macro conditions and that's why you increased those assumptions little bit?
Tom Olinger: It's really -- it's the later. If you look at where bad debts have been trending over the last several years, they've really been at historic lows around 20 basis points of revenue historically. We see that number more like 50 basis points over long periods of time. We feel really good about our credit quality. I think our exposure to total tenants is quite small, extremely small I would say. But yes, in this from how we approach our budgeting, we have assumed that bad debt expenses rise towards, not all historic norms. So they're coming off the bottom rising towards historic norms. But again, I feel great about our credit quality, I feel great about our exposure. This is just in the spirit of being prudent as Hamid mentioned.
Operator: And your next question comes from Tom Catherwood from BTIG. Your line is open.
Tom Catherwood: Just sticking with development here, your guidance for 2019, it looks like stabilizations are going to outpace new starts by roughly $250 million, which make sense considering you did $1.4 billion of starts in the fourth quarter. But if we look at 2017 and 2018 combined, the starts outpace stabilizations by nearly $900 million. So all else being equal, I would assume the amount of stabilizations would be even greater in 2019 than what we're looking at. Are the new developments that you're starting taking longer to construct or stabilize, or the other factors that account for this lag in the stabilization?
Tom Olinger: I'll go first, this is Tom Olinger, a things. I think when you look at '17 and '18, particularly '18, we had a lot of starts in the back half of the year particularly Q4. And then I throw a little bit of mix in there. But from a stabilization standpoint, we are stabilizing assets generally I would say across the board consistently ahead of underwriting, number one. And number two as I think you're going to see a lot of stabilize NOI come in 2020 is going to be when that really unwinds. And when you think about, particularly overseas where we're building multi-story if that takes longer to go. So that has to be factored that's part of the mix component. But we're leasing up you could see in our development pipeline we're leasing up at good rates or at a good pace, I would say, ahead of where we thought we'd be. Rents are higher than we thought they would be, margins are higher than we underwrote. So I feel really good about all that.
Hamid Moghadam : So the only thing I would add is it's just put an underline on something Tom said, which I think is generally misunderstood. 2020 is a huge year for incremental return out of development stabilizations, that volume we've already paid for. And the only lift we've gotten to our income statement is through capitalized interest, which is a very low number. And when those yields convert to sort of the 6 plus yield given the volume, it doesn't take a lot of math to figure out that 2020 is going to be a really, really good year in terms of growth coming from the lease up of the outlook pipeline. But we're not going to guide to 2020, so don't even go there.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Peterson from Jefferies. Your line is open.
John Peterson: Great thanks. So just looking through your operating metrics and your supplemental, leasing terms this quarter was about 83 months. It's been pretty consistently around 60 months for the past four quarters or probably longer than that. So, is that -- is it a mix? Is it Prologis pushing for longer lease terms or the customers wanting longer lease terms? And do these contracts look any different I guess in terms of free rent or escalators, anything to read into there?
Gene Reilly: Yes, John, this is Gene. I'll take that one. There is a bit of mix because the development lease terms are actually a 148 months, during the quarter, but the operating portfolio was 71 things. So that's increasing, but at the quite the pace you see with 83. And I also warn everybody, this is volatile quarter to quarter. We have been pushing term really high, its good to see it going in the right direction. You're probably not going to see an 83 next quarter, but sort of that trailing average should be changing up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Frankel from Greenfield Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. Just a quick question on the fund management business, maybe you guys can just give a sense of what the investor outlook is, is like for logistics at this point in terms of how much you can grow your AUM, if you wanted to and whether you have the appetite to do so? And then, if a trade war with China really does escalate and we put tariffs on all their imported goods, do you have a sense of what geographic markets in the U.S. will get impacted the most by that?
Hamid Moghadam: So, let me take a stab at the second one. I think, if you think about most of our U.S. markets, the vast majority of demand comes from consumption of the population in those markets. Now, there are couple of markets like LA and New Jersey where you have an incremental flow through coming from imports, so those would slow more than the ones that are just consumption markets because the location of where goods are coming from will change on the margin. But those things take actually a lot longer than most people think, and the currency effect is usually also mitigating some of the tariff. But you would think it would be those markets on the coast by a little bit. Chicago is an inland port, so I would throw that one in there too. So, what was the first part of your question, Eric?
Eric Frankel: Fund management
Hamid Moghadam: Fund management is very strong. Our cues could be a lot longer, if we weren't concerned about the amount of time that it would take for investors to get their capital invested. There's no sense raising a lot more money, if we can't invest it. So, the sector seems to be defying gravity in terms of investor demand, pretty much everywhere.
Operator: Your next Question comes from Dave Rodgers from Baird. Your line is open.
Dave Rodgers: Yes, good morning out there. Tom, I wanted to follow up on the 3.5% market rate growth. Can you give that by Asia, Europe and the U.S. just kind of a broad stroke? And what youre expecting for 19? And then maybe Hamid, or Gary way in on where your rent growth has been in Europe, cap rate trends just over the last couple of months with some of the uncertainty and what you might be seeing post the Brexit vote in the China slowdown?
Tom Olinger: Hey, Mike, at this point we wont breakout the different components of global. Our shares, it's in the midst 3s as I said and it's down about 200 basis points from our original expectations.
Gene Reilly: With respect to market rent growth, I mean, Europe has been sort of in the 5% range plus or minus, and we do expect it to be greater than the U.S. in 2019. We have tempered our view slightly with respect to next year, downward in terms of market rent growth, but still sort of in the mid 4s. Another part of that question?
Tom Olinger: No, I think you get it.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Guinee from Stifel. Your line is open.
John Guinee: Great, you guys have making it look easy, arent you? Your office brethren right now is suffering from a really difficult cost to capital, you guys dont seem to have that problem. But when youre looking at your cost to capital, how are you analyzing your open end fund business versus your common stock price? And what point in time does it make sense to really push the fund business versus common equity or to just not even look at that way?
Hamid Moghadam: First of all with respect to common equity, I think were truly the only company in this sector that hasnt raised any equity. You could call issuing equity to buy DCT an equity raise, but we havent raised equity and I mean 18 or more anything like that. So our view is that we have a self funding model, and were very committed to that. And as we have shown you, were over invested in most of our funds. So, there is -- and there is ample demand for people who want to expand their position into our fund. So, weve got some like 10 years of capital from those sources, based on our normal run rate, not M&A, but just a normal run rate. So, our philosophy is pretty simple on raising equity, which is were not going to and we dont have need to anytime soon. So with respect our private capital business, this is really important. And Im going to say it again John, you and I have known each other for a long time, we dont look at that as a different business, it is our business, it's -- I mean, our capital has invested in that. So it's not like, we do the lower yield deals in our private capital vehicles and our good deals in our balance sheet. We do all deal in our vehicles that are invested in that locality. So we treat all business as the same. I think cost to capital today the way I think about it, is probably in the mid to high 6s, approaching 7 total cost to capital. And I think in the environment where inflation is generally around 2% and leverage is around 25%, 30%. Thats an appropriate risk adjusted return given the volatility of the asset class, and I dont see that much of a difference between the public sector and the private sector because generally in our sector they seem to trading in line with one another. I think that private side is probably a little bit more richly valued than the public side, but they're reasonably within 5% of one another. So I know that that difference is much wider in other sectors, but part of that may have to do with the growth expectation of the different sectors. We go around capping everything, but we're not very good at capturing different growth rates. So, I think if you looked at in on in IRR risk basis, they're going to be very similar between different sectors.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Bilerman from Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Hamid, it definitely sounds there's certainly a built in prudence to how you've gone about forecasting for this year, given a lot of a macro uncertainty. A lot of the data and the stats support robustness. And I think you talked about in your opening comments how your discussions with tenants have indicated, continue to robust demand. So I'm wondering, if you can sort of draw parallels to what your tenants are telling you relative to the conservativeness or the prudent is that you are taking in your forward expectations and maybe a mismatch that could be there?
Hamid Moghadam: Okay. You know, at the end of the day, I don't think our customers really know that much more than we do. Everybody is guessing as to what the implications of this last 15 days of weirdness are going to be. So, I think basically what we're hearing from our customers is that, they were going pretty much with very strong business plans through the end of the year. Their companies probably haven't had their earnings call yet, so we'll see what they say on those calls. But as far as the real estate department and procuring capacities concerned, they haven't gotten the memo that the businesses is slowing. They may in a couple of months, but they haven't gotten it yet.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jamie Feldman from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: I wanted your thoughts on some of the consolidation we're seeing in this 3PL industry. Just kind of how do you say, if we continue to see as how do you think this impacts tenant demand and your business over time?
Hamid Moghadam: I think it's good to have more profitable, more consolidated larger customers. It is an extremely fragmented business. We don't think the level of concentration, if it's even continued for a long time. This is really going to change the dynamic, the landlord tenant dynamic because it's still going to be a very fragmented business. But I rather have, it's little, the masses have to little from point A to B. The consolidation doesn't do anything about how much the boxes need to move. It's just that this is more profitable and moving those boxes around and to more, better capitalized, profitable customers, we prefer that. So I think some pricing discipline coming into that business in terms of how they price their services is all good.
Operator: And your next question comes from Sumit Sharma from Berenberg Capital. Your line is open.
Sumit Sharma: Thank you for taking a question, a quick question on your utilization. So, your last BI report says, it's around 87%, 86.5%. I'm assuming, it's pretty much the same based on your comments. I was just trying to wonder whether you could comment on the range of that distribution, and if the median has shifted higher lower year-over-year just trying to get a sense of the skewness?
Hamid Moghadam: So, that's above my pay grade, and Chris Caton will answer that.
Chris Caton: Yes, hey, Sumit, thanks for the question. As you've seen in reports, the historical utilization rate can range between 82% and 87% and we're right bang on it's a peek of that over the last 12 months. So utilization is running at peak levels.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Frankel from Green Street Advisor. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. Just a quick follow up. Hamid, I know we've talked about maybe few quarters ago just one the trade wars talk really starts to accelerate. Just kind of how stuck company were in their supply chain. Has there been any talk of anything different in terms of changing their manufacturing origination in terms of how their goods are moving?
Hamid Moghadam: Not that I can tell and certainly not that supported by the data because notwithstanding all this talk. I think deficit from China was at record levels last time it was recorded. I don't know if that's because of the lag between the lag and the action and anticipation of people doing more volume prior to any cares taking place I don't know. But we haven't seen any of events of that. I think the macro point I can make is that generally people are shifting more production to Mexico in terms of manufacturing, but we were having the same exact conversation about Mexico year and half ago. So, these things can move around faster than people can react so.
Operator: Your next question comes from Blaine Heck from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Blaine Heck: Thanks. Just wanted to get a little commentary on asset pricing here, it seems as though we've seen cap rates holding steady or even continuing to decrease in the infill and coastal markets. But I'm wondering, if you're seeing any markets out there especially in the U.S. where maybe there has been an inflection and you're seeing cap rates increase at all?
Hamid Moghadam: I'll have to tell you though on the last couple of transactions that we pursued, upscale, we have been blown away -- we were literally blown away by other interest in those portfolios. And if those deals closed that bows very well for us NAV, so let's leave it at that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Green from Evercore. Your line is open.
Jason Green: Good morning. Just wanted to ask quickly on institutional capital demand in Brazil given the recent JV you guys announced and the elections that happened about months ago, 13 months ago at this point?
Gene Reilly: So this is Gene. You're talking about sort of general institutional demand, we may not be the best people to ask, but it is a business environment that has a lot of optimism right now. The new President is certainly business friendly, and we've certainly seen a lot more demand from customer activity down there. And obviously, we did recently sign a very big JV. But as far as broadly speaking, my guess is that there is a more institutional demand at this point given the political changes.
Hamid Moghadam: Being that that was the last question, let me just add one more comment that I found the most interesting. Probably, the most interesting statistics that I've seen about the timing is something called the global economic policy uncertainty at index. That I actually saw in couple of weeks ago, and it's a scale we're spending more time trying to understand that, but it's a tail of the degree of policy uncertainty around the world. And let me give you a couple of points. During the 9/11 attack and the Iraq war breaking out, that index was at 200. At the peak of the global financial crisis, it was at 210; and Brexit, it got to 300. And today given the China war and the government shutdown and all that, it's well north of 300. Now, I have no idea whether there is any academic rigor or anything related to this index, but I just found it fascinating that the world thinks were in a much less certain environment. Now uncertain is usually viewed as bad, it can be bad or good because we saw how quickly the Mexico stuff turned around. But the reason that we've taken the position that we have this quarter is exactly because we're living in this kind of world. And as I said before, don't read too much into this, we need to stay tuned, be vigilant, really keep a sharp eye on what customers are saying and doing, and I think we're have a business that's just fine. Thank you for your interest and look forward to talking to all of you soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-16 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracy Ward - SVP, IR and Corporate Communications Tom Olinger - CFO Hamid Moghadam - Chairman and CEO Gary Anderson - CEO, Europe & Asia Chris Caton - Global Head of Research Mike Curless - Chief Investment Officer Ed Nekritz - Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel Gene Reilly - CEO of the America Colleen McKeown - Chief Human Resource Officer
Analysts: Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital Market Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI Manny Korchman - Citi Jamie Feldman - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley Blaine Heck - Wells Fargo John Guinee - Stifel Nick Yulico - Scotiabank Derek Johnston - Deutsche Bank Tom Catherwood - BTIG Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisor Michael Mueller - JPMorgan David Harris - Uniplan
Operator: Welcome to the Prologis Q3 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Emily, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Also note, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Tracy Ward. Tracy, you may begin.
Tracy Ward: Thanks, Emily, and good morning everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2018 conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under Federal Securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filings. Additionally our third quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg G we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. This morning, we'll hear from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results and guidance; and then Hamid Moghadam, our Chairman and CEO, who will comment on the Company's outlook. Gary Anderson, Chris Caton, Mike Curless, Ed Nekritz, Gene Reilly, and Colleen McKeown are also here with us today. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom and we'll get started.
Tom Olinger: Thanks, Tracy. Good morning and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call. First, I'll start with an update on our $8.5 billion acquisition of DCT. Our financial and operating results reflect this mid-quarter transaction which closed on August 22. The integration went exceptionally well and is complete and we refinanced the $1.8 billion debt we assumed in the transaction at an average interest rate of 2.4% in a term of over 13 years. We've already hit our expected annual synergies run rate of $80 million with the vast majority of that in cash savings. Now, our focus is on realizing the incremental $40 million of future annual value creation from development and revenue synergies. Turning to market conditions, fundamentals remain healthy and well located space continues to be in high demand. There were several notable bankruptcies announced recently and our exposure to these firms is minimal. These customers leased from us about less than 30 basis points of our net effective rent. We've been monitoring these companies for some time and are confident we'll be able to quickly lease up any spaces we get back from these customers at higher rent given they're approximately 10% below market. Broadly we feel very good about our business. Market rents across our portfolio are growing in line with our forecast with Europe slightly ahead. Switching to results, core FFO for the third quarter was $0.72 per share. Our share of cash same store NOI growth was 5.9%, led by the U.S. at 7.1%. Our share net effective rent change on roll was more than 22% and was also led by the U.S. at over 30%. Occupancy was up more than 120 basis points year-over-year to 97.5%, with Europe at 98%, up 260 basis points over the same period. Leasing volume totaled approximately 37 million square feet with an average term of more than five years. This includes 5.3 million square feet of development leasing. Development stabilizations in the third quarter had an estimated margin of 36%, bringing our year-to-date total value creation of $475 million. So far this year we've realized $329 million in gains on the monetization of development projects. Disposition and contribution activity in the quarter was approximately $460 million. As previously announced, we closed the $1.1 billion sale to Maple Tree in early October with our share of the proceeds totaling over $600 million. We expect to close the second phase of this transaction totaling $170 million by year end. During the quarter we reduced our weighted average interest rate to 2.7% and extended our weighted average term to six years through the issuance of long duration tenors up to 30 years. Our balance sheet remains one of the best in the business and we continue to access capital globally at attractive terms. Our $3.5 billion of liquidity and over $6 billion in potential fund rebalancing allow us flexibility to self fund our development well into the next decade. This substantial amount of dry powder positions us to capitalize on attractive deployment opportunities as market dislocations arise. Looking forward, I know many of you are looking for 2019 guidance but you'll have to wait until our fourth quarter call, as this is our normal practice. For 2018 guidance, I'll cover the highlights on our share basis. So, for complete detail refer to Page 5 of our supplemental. Also note, our guidance includes the impact of the DCT acquisition. We're maintaining the midpoint of our cash same-store NOI range of 6.5%. For net promote income, we're forecasting approximately $0.05 per share in the fourth quarter and $0.13 for the full year. Our share of net deployment proceeds at the midpoint remains unchanged at $350 million. We are nearing the range for 2018 core FFO to between $3.01 and $3.03 per share. To put this in context, when we laid out our three year plan at our investor forum in November 2016, we called for 7% to 8% percent annual growth excluding promotes. At the midpoint of our 2018 guidance, we'll have averaged 9.3% for the first two years far exceeding this plan. Importantly this will be achieved while completing the realignment of our portfolio and reducing our leverage by almost 500 basis points. With that, I'll turn it over to Hamid.
Hamid Moghadam: Thanks, Tom. I'll keep my remarks brief as our results were once again strong and straight forward. I'd like to address four key areas. First, I know many of you are focused on topics of trade, tariff and retailer bankruptcies, which have dominated the news lately. As you might imagine, we're keenly focused on these potential risk as well. But to date we've seen no measurable impact on our business. Sure, if we search real hard we can point to one or two companies who backed out our lease negotiations in the U.S. but the impact of those isolated cases was negligible in the context of our overall leasing volume. There are plenty of other customers that are waiting in line for quality space and are frustrated by the shortage of suitable options. In fact our latest forecast for the U.S. this year has revised up net absorption by 15% to 260 million square feet. Completions in 2018 will fall short of demand for the ninth consecutive year, this time by an estimated 10 million square feet. Second, I want to talk about Europe which remains a bright spot for us. Our markets in continental Europe are strong and getting stronger, vacancies are at historic lows, customer sentiment is improving, and escalating replacement costs are driving up rental rates. In spite of somewhat moderating rents in the U.K., overall rent growth in Europe for the first three quarters has already made 2018 the strong year more than a decade. Looking to 2019, there's a real possibility that market rent growth in Europe could overtake that of a very strong U.S. market which is great news for us in terms of continued same store growth well into the next decade. Third, our multi-year disposition plan is now complete. Since the Prologis-AMB merger in 2011, we sold more than $14 billion in non-strategic assets and reinvested the proceeds into acquisitions and development, the combination of which increased our percentage of holdings in global markets from 79% to approximately 90% today. I'm very proud of our team who worked tirelessly to accomplish this long term objective. As a result, our portfolio has never been in as good a shape as it is today. While we realize the benefits of this high quality portfolio in the good times the real differentiation will become apparent in tougher market environments. Fourth, as we close this chapter in our Company's evolution, we enter a new era where we can capitalize on the tremendous benefits that come from scale. These benefits include one of the lowest cost to capital in the industry, unparalleled purchasing power, the most streamlined and efficient organizational structure, and intense focus on customer service, the ability to invest in innovation and technology, and down the road the opportunity to capitalize on proprietary data opportunities, all for the benefit of customers. We worked hard to create these advantages and look forward to putting them into action to create value well beyond the NAV of our underlying real estate. Emily, let's open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Craig Mailman from KeyBanc Capital Market. Your line is open.
Craig Mailman: I know this question kind of being asked in the past but just given where retention rates were this quarter, I think the highest in the past two years along with your commentary about the focus on proximity, just curious updated thoughts here on the tenants ability to absorb further increases how hard your team is pushing? I guess I'm just surprised that you're able to push 11% cash-rent spread and still keep 82% of tenants. So, maybe just an update on the environment and maybe where the mark-to-market is and how you guys feel that's trending?
Hamid Moghadam: The markets are really strong and that's why we're getting these increases. And not every discussion with every tenant starts out with the intention of them staying, in fact many of them when they hear about the new rent get a little spooked and when they go shop the market they tend to come back and renew their lease because what we told them was an indication of where the market was. So, we're doing our best to push down retention but obviously not hard enough. So, we'll work harder in future quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Metz from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Sticking with rents and your comments about Europe accelerating and could actually maybe pass the U.S. next year, I was wondering if you guys can give a little more - perhaps a market specific color on where you're seeing the most acceleration in Europe and conversely where in the U.S. you're starting to see things moderate the most? And then in terms of the continuing trade fight year that we're overseeing with China, are you starting to see and seeing any impact from your tenants particularly on the West Coast where you have more that import exposure?
Hamid Moghadam: So, I don't know why that statement led to the conclusion that actually we've seen a couple of notes that have been published and just because we think Europe is going to do really well on a relative basis, that means the U.S. is going to do less well. That wasn't our intent. The U.S. is doing extremely well. Europe was later in recovery and has more to recover and we're getting it more all at once, we think in 2019. 2018 was really the turning point for Europe and we just see that spread accelerating going forward. We fully expect the U.S. to continue to be a strong market. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we haven't seen really other than one or two tenants and we sat around this table and talked really hard about the examples that we would come up with these for you guys, but we could come up with two that were possibly customers that decided not to go forward with the leases because of potential trade wars. Now, put that in the context of 289 leases that we signed last quarter. So
Jeremy Metz: In the U.S. only.
Hamid Moghadam: in the U.S. only. So, it's really irrelevant. I mean, I can think of 20 other reasons why tenants stopped negotiating or a drop out of a negotiation, and certainly the trade stuff has not yet in anyway translated to any action on the ground that we can tell.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Hamid, I was hoping you could maybe just talk a little bit about the development business and given the rise in import prices and steel and concrete. I'm just curious how you're looking at the development business today and whether you feel like that volume could accelerate into next year?
Hamid Moghadam: I don't think the volume would accelerate into next year. But give us another quarter to really refine our numbers and come back to you on that. We're not really ready to talk about that but when we talked about our thesis for rent growth many years ago now, a lot of it was recovery from obviously the global financial crisis. But if you may remember and you will remember because you were there, we talked about the next leg being escalating replacement costs that are going to provide an umbrella for pricing product and that's happening right now. Construction cost have been gone up at double digit rates in the U.S. We don't like it but it translates into higher rents. And as you can see from our margins, they roughly doubled. The margins on completions is double the margins on starts because as good a job as we try to do on figuring out what margins are on starts, we've been surprised by rental growth beyond our projections, and to be perfectly candid, more CapEx compression than we ever hoped for. So, so far the construction costs are not affecting margins or development decisions..
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manny Korchman from Citi. Your line is open.
Manny Korchman: Hamid, if we expect to sort of tenant discussions, has there been any changes in the pace of leasing especially for developments or spec developments and the time that is taking tenants to make decisions on whether to take a spot or not?
Gene Reilly: Manny, this is Gene. That's a very good question. So we track the time it takes from when we commence a conversation with a customer through the entire leasing process to completion. And there's four steps and I won't get into the details but basically that time frame is about 46 days at this point and it has stayed relatively stable over time. So that's something we watch really carefully, how long is the gestation period for a deal. So, so far no change to it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: So, I just wanted to focus on the guidance. So, if you add up the other assumptions from the press release, it looks like those items add up to about a net almost a penny of higher guidance. So, I'm just curious like what was the offset or the drag that kind of kept your number as it is? And then also as you think about the DCT integration, can you just talk about things that were better than you expected, things that were worse than you expected as you put the two portfolios together?
Tom Olinger: Jamie, this is Tom. So, on your first question on the guidance, I think when you think about guidance, you need to look at it for the full year. We've increased guidance meaningfully over the full year both on core and on promotes. As we get into the back half of the year, particularly Q4, we've got very little role. So your ability to move that number with higher market rents and the like is limited. As it relates to DCT, we hit our synergies right on the mark. We did outperform on the cash piece of interest but when you look at actually what's running through the GAAP income statement, we were again right on the mark. So we feel good about hitting those synergies and particularly how well and quickly we've integrated the portfolio.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, we also had about $0.60 of - not $0.60, $0.06 of extra, you know if you will - what do you call it, severance and other charges related to some turnover which was anticipated and planned for. So, actually I think we did better than we thought we would do and if we didn't have that we would do even better than that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Hamid, can you provide an early glimpse into some of your big data initiatives and some of the services you're trying to develop for your customers and how you see that evolving and perhaps impacting your business over time?
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, too early to talk about the data stuff, that's more of a three to five year thing. We're working right now on revenue management, that's the first initiative for big data. On that one we'll have something to talk about early next year. But on the other initiatives for customers, let me ask Gary to talk about some of those.
Gary Anderson: Yes, so, Ki Bin, we have setup a procurement organization and I think we discussed this in the past and that is up and running today, focused both on sort of G&A, OpEx, and CapEx activities. We're also focusing on our construction supply chain. So, taking advantage of the sort of $2 billion plus in hard cost spend and what we're looking at now is to really support our customers - particularly the smallest customers relative to their paying point. So, anything that they need with respect to moving into a facility, we're looking at providing. And we're really in a process right now of rolling out an MVP product and testing it in a couple of markets. More to follow I think next year though with respect to what that really means with respect to earnings and revenues.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vikram Malhotra: Sticking to sort of rent growth - and this is really maybe a six month and year sort of question. You talked about the first leg being recovery, second leg of it essentially being the higher cost. I wanted to get a bit more color on your rent growth versus market assumes no market rent growth but it also assumes that logistics as a percent of the real estate, as a percent of supply chain or real estate as a percent of supply chain does not really change. Can you talk about if you were able to see more efficiencies whether it's transport or warehouse operations, how could that rent growth spectrum be elongated, if you can give us some sense of any sensitivity that you may have done or any?
Hamid Moghadam: So, Vikram, that's an excellent question. And I really invite you to go look at the last three papers that Chris Caton and his team have put out. Because that's really the heart of the question that we try to answer in those, and I'm not going to do a justice. But fundamentally 3% to 5% of supply chain cost are warehouse rents and obviously there are lots of savings because of ecommerce you're eliminating some retail rents, not everything is going in ecommerce but some of it is. And over time, transportation and labor costs are probably going to go down. In the short term they're actually going up because of oil prices and the labor costs, but in the long term they're coming down because of renewables, autonomous, driving in trucks and more automation being introduced in these buildings. So we think for locations that are really special and that is the real close infill stuff that does not have substitute. Customers can pay not 5% more, or 10% more they can pay double or triple. I mean think of it as the old retail or retail minus type of price sensitivity because the turn of those spaces is really high and there is very little of them. And by the way they are not going to look like a traditional 36 foot clear warehouse with doors galore. I mean theyre going be all kinds of spaces that are funky and maybe older and much more infill and we got lots of those in our portfolio. So, on that segment the price sensitivity is very low its all about service levels and serving the customer in a quick window. So there you could have very significant doubling, tripling of rents and we're seeing to some extent examples of that as were rolling over in those spaces. And as we are frankly building new multistory infill product the rents have been very encouraging on that. The stuff thats further out and there's more land and more competition, I think you can expect a - normal rate of growth on that because it's not quite as scarce as the really infill stuff. So I would differentiate it between those and its not a binary thing it's just a continuous relationship the closer you get to the customer and the more infill the need becomes the less price sensitivity you have at this point in the cycle.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blaine Heck from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Blaine Heck: Thanks. Related to that I just wanted to get a little color on asset pricing here it seems as though we've seen cap rates holding steady or even continuing to decrease in the infill and coastal markets given the kind of wall of capital that continues to flow into those locations. So, Im wondering if you're seeing any markets where maybe there has been an inflection and youre seeing cap rates increase at all as interest rates have crept up recently.
Mike Curless: Blaine, this is Mike. Were certainly not seen any isolated markets and conversely just continue to see additional cap rate compression and in fact seems some other portfolios that are out in the market were continue to be very encouraging in which way pricing is going.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Guinee from Stifel. Your line is open.
John Guinee: Sort of one multi-phased question. First your thoughts on prop 13 in California. Second I think you retrofitted an industrial building and delivered a powered shelf Amazon web services in Northern Virginia a while ago sold it as sub five cap. So are you active in the data center build to suit at all. And then third what's your current thinking on Amazon's newest prototype which I've heard is maybe 100 to 150 foot floor plate but 120 foot vertical for their infill distribution business?
Hamid Moghadam: Let me try to hit them quickly and maybe the guys can elaborate. Prop 13 not this time probably in the next election, were going to get it in 2020 or 2022 I mean at some point that's where the money is and that's where the competitions are kind of looks. So I think you probably will have a split actual that is my guess. In Northern Virginia we don't really start out building data centers we even start out building our traditional office warehouse product and customers come to us because of the unique attributes to those locations and has a lot more rent, better credit and longer term leases. And they put in all the improvements for data centers. So nice good there, but not because were so smart, it's just because that location has some unique characteristics. And finally on Amazon prototype let me not specifically talk about Amazon, but generally you could imagine that people who need distribution space in major cities has to go more vertical to use up less land because these markets are totally out of land. So, anybody who can go multilayer and squeeze more density on a smaller piece of land is going to try doing that. Mike do you want to say anything more about that.
Mike Curless: Yes, I mean were obviously staying very close to whats going on with Amazon because they lead the market in terms of trends. We have plenty of activity underway to understand there ever changing needs and were on top of it as youd expect were going to be in the middle of those discussions going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico from Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Nick Yulico: I want to turn back to the tariff issue. I mean the data when you look at it for the LA Long Beach ports shows it's the most exposed to the Chinese tariff issue, net import markets by a wide margin also is more exposure to Chinese imports and the rest of the U.S. So when we think about your Southern California portfolio your largest market, perhaps you could just dig into that regional bid and understand how tariffs could potentially impact demand for space over the next year. Imagine and its not an issue for the entire portfolio there, but only some portion of it love to hear your thoughts?
Hamid Moghadam: Wed love to buy more real estate in LA. So if you think anybody is spooked by the trades and tariffs, turn them our way wed like to increase our position. That is the most dynamic market in the U.S. the LA base and the accounts were well over 50% of what comes in to that region. And California is now the number five economy in the world. So we love that market and everyday you got costs going up entitlements are getting tougher, real supply constraints not just in terms of physical land, but in terms of all the other stuff hoops that you have to jump through to be able to build the building. So we love those markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derek Johnston from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Derek Johnston: Could we follow up on the densification? Could you guys talk about your multilevel warehouse strategy just give us an update on the lease up of your Seattle project if you could and how our approvals going for your project in San Fran. And are there any updates to the six markets which you feel could be potentially caped for these types of developments in the future?
Hamid Moghadam: Lets start with the last one. No, our feeling is that the real opportunities in those six markets and there are couple of other global markets we would add to that London would be certainly one of them, Paris is the other one in Europe. And the ones in Asia that we can act on is primarily Japan so limited number of markets but a fairly substantial opportunity. The development approval process for San Francisco is a multi-year process. Were going to have to go through a significant EIR process, but you know our San Francisco does want to preserve those kinds of jobs because a lot of them have been eliminated by conversion of those buildings PDR buildings to office space and the like. So they actually look at those kinds of living way jobs in these buildings as a good thing. So you cant predict these political issues but while we wait were clipping in 5%, 6% return on that site and well be very patient in terms of securing the ultimate approval. Its a big project so its going to take awhile. With respect to Seattle, substantial completion is going to be at the end of the month and we have activities for well over 100% of the space. So I would expect by the end of the first quarter will be full up there at very strong rents much stronger than we underwrote. Remember a three story product nobody has ever had experience with it so you really need people to see the product up and running and if you havent seen it, I would encourage you to go look at it it's pretty impressive.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Catherwood from BTIG. Your line is open.
Tom Catherwood: Moving over to labor for a second, in September you guys announced a community workforce initiative in Southern California with unemployment kind of a low which has been in 50 years. How do you incorporate workforce capacity into your investment decisions? And are you seeing your tenants either look to different markets to gain access to labor or make additional investments in automation to make up for a smaller employee base?
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, so with respect to labor being an important issue I mean we think it's so important that we've added a section to our investment committee memos where we value the acquisitions and developments that covers labor availability directly. On our community workforce initiative let me turn it over to Ed Nekritz whose been running with that.
Ed Nekritz: So we introduced our first program in LA and the conversation with the customers now about something other than rent, its about how do we make their lives better. How do we help their jobs and what were doing with that is internship programs in our communities where were developing assets - and making sure that our customers are tied in to our customers. Our customers our tied into our the labor needs and we are focused on making sure that these students, young students have the ability to get jobs in their communities, stay in their communities, create better economies for the labor and our pool over operating.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, were not going to set up if you will nonprofits all around the country to improve the labor situation. What were really doing is finding the best NGOs that are in this business and we're supporting them with our capital and supporting them with employment opportunities following graduation and completion of the program. So its really about bridge building and supporting it with capital and were quite serious about this. And I think it's a really important thing for us to do. There is a whole other discussion about the social impact of this and you know limited opportunities for our high school kids and all that with a lot of the traditional jobs going away. So, we think its important that we take the leadership on this initiative.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: Can you guys talk a little bit about your initiative to pursue more gross leases to the marketplace today versus the net leases? How aggressive is Prologis in the market right now of pursuing those and what has tenants responses has been, have they liked the new structure of going to gross versus a net lease structure?
Gene Reilly: Michael, this is Gene. So the lease youre talking about we call the clear lease and it is effectively a gross lease structure. A 100% of all leases in the United States today and in Mexico soon in Europe are proposed as clear leases. So were taking this very seriously. I think we have something like 70%/75% adoption at this point so we've done 100s of these leases already. And in terms of the customer reaction its been overwhelmingly positive more so than we expected. And just to touch on this, this is really about simplifying the lives of our customers and frankly the lives of our people who manage these properties and so some parts are going great.
Hamid Moghadam: I mean - by the way they have the reason Gene said almost gross leases is that the property taxes are excluded from that calculation. But in other words the tenants get the builds from property taxes directly because were not in position to control those any better than they are. But if you really look at the structure of our business its crazy, I mean we're asking a tenant who may have one location in one city, a 100,000 square-foot small to medium-sized business to underwrite for snow removal and fixing our dock levelers and fixing our air conditioning units and all that. And really it sets up for very, very unusual situation where they gladly pay the rent which is the big number and then we spent all our lives negotiating nickels and dimes of these little things. Were in a much better position to underwrite those costs because we got a big portfolio though we can spread it over. And we have good purchasing power to drive economics with vendors by aggregating all this demand. So the way the business was done historically was when the industry was fragmented and the landlords had one or two buildings. I think when you get to our kind of scale we got to put that scale to use for our customers and ultimately that translates into rents that ultimately flows to our investors.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel from Green Street Advisor. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Just a few quick questions. First just regarding development you start this quarter and margins were a little bit better than what we see in the last three quarters. So Im just wondering if thats a mix issue related to build to suit. My second question is related to G&A, can you just comment on the severance and turnover that you have within your team. And then third, I just noted in your same-store statistics your operating expense did increase a good amount over 5% and so Im just wondering if thats all real estate taxes and so wouldnt be affected by your new gross lease structure? Thank you.
Tom Olinger: I'll start with your last two questions so on the increase and expenses in the same-store forward what youre seeing as the impact of reimbursable expenses which hit both revenues and expenses. If you back that component out, I think youre going to see rents grow at around 4.5% and expenses grow like 60 basis points. So its all reimbursement noise youre seeing around through there. On the G&A question, it was really as Hamid mentioned we have done some restructuring and making some investments in personnel around technology. And as a result, we were bringing in people and some people have left and youre seeing those expenses go through and that would be the main component of the G&A.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. Im not going to get into the details of our personnel decisions on our earnings call that for sure. With respect to margins Eric, I'll take mid-30s margin everyday and we thank our blessings. We go into this stuff thinking that well then get 15. So the fact that we're getting more than double that is good news and I can't possibly see how that could be anything other than good news. But its not going to last forever I mean the margin in this business - have historically been in their low to mid-teens and that's what we're assuming in all our activity and that's how were underwriting stuff and to the extent we get better than that were blessed.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Mueller: Is the market rent growth in Europe does go ahead of the U.S. next year in 2019. How long until the same thing happens with rents spreads and NOI growth?
Hamid Moghadam: A while because you need many years of rental growth to create that spread. The mark-to-market in Europe I think the last time I looked at is around 10% its 9% or 10% and obviously it's in the high teens in the U.S. what is it 19% or so. 19%, so the U.S. is double what Europe is and you need to have a couple of years of pretty steep rental growth that are not been captured by the role of releases to widen that wedge. So you know awhile I dont know I havent done the math but awhile.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manny Korchman from Citi. Your line is open.
Manny Korchman: Just thinking about dispositions discussion in light of the DCT deal, should we expect disposition volumes to increase next year because you have those assets within DCT you want to sell do you think that pace will be consistent with what you've done in the last couple of years?
Hamid Moghadam: So Manny as I mentioned in my prepared remarks in the last seven years of the merger we sold $14 billion real estate thats 2 billion a year or 0.5 billion in a quarter. And we talked about DCT being $560 million of nonstrategic assets. We are in no hurry to do that and at our historical pace thats a quarter worth of work. So its not at all a big deal, but we're not in a hurry to do that as far as we're concerned the big strategic part of the disposition program is done and over with, with the Maple Tree transaction the last one that we announced and it subsequent phase. And of course even if you turn over and call 1% to 2% of a $90 billion portfolio, you could have $1 billion to $2 billion of sales every year and we're certainly going to do that in the normal course of action. Business when somebody comes to us and offers - a user comes to us and offers a price that we cant refuse or the person next door wants to control our site at the premium price, there are always going to be opportunities to call the portfolio profitably and well be always looking out for that. But that sort of different than a nonstrategic disposition program that program has come to an end.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Harris from Uniplan. Your line is open.
David Harris: It's not clear at the moment whether we're going to get a hard Brexit or a soft Brexit. Could you just explain how you're positioned around this and what your contingency planning and also if we do get a hard Brexit next spring, would that affect your view that Europe will be as positive as you first outlined?
Hamid Moghadam: Well yes, I wish I knew all those answers with precision I mean I don't know. Our U.K. portfolio is in the high 90% lease, the average lease term in the U.K. is well over 10 years. The credit is exceptional as you know particularly the U.K. is a tough place to get entitlements and processing land is a multiyear exercise. So we think the - and the U.K. has been on fire. Literally I would put U.K. right on top of the list since the global financial crisis in terms of rent recovery and performance compared to the best of the best markets in the U.S. I mean LA, San Francisco and all that. You would expect that to moderate at some point I dont if its related to Brexit or not but still I would take the U.K. as one of the best markets in Europe or anywhere. Its just not as crazy as it was a year or two ago. Year or two ago you had Brexit that spooked up a lot of people that were planning to put on development and demand didnt change so you had a very, very unusual situation that led to very big rent increases. But were very comfortable about the business in the U.K.
Gene Reilly: David the other side of that is just - we obviously - you can see we have significant liquidity and financial capacity on our balance sheet and in our funds. So if there's an opportunity for us to take advantage of we will certainly do that.
Hamid Moghadam: I dont think well get that chance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel from Green Street Advisor. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Just a clarification and another follow-up question. Just regarding development, Im just referring to development start this quarter so I think you have development profit margin of 17% which is I guess the lowest bid cycles. So Im just trying to understand how thats emanating whether its a construction cost issue or whether it just more competitive in terms of development environment. And then obviously I dont want to get too much into what guidance is going to look like next year but part of the rationale for the DCT deal if that will be better external growth opportunity relate to that. So Id assume that there would be also higher overall development volume as a result of having our larger asset base and more opportunities to grow with your customers. So I was hoping you can remark on that? Thank you.
Hamid Moghadam: As you go through the cycle couple of things happen. You use up the really old lower basis land at book value. And therefore everything else being the same your margins are going to go down because we now have used up more and more of really old basis land and you're buying more land on the margin of market. So you would expect pro forma margins to go down on starts and were pretty conservative about those. And I don't think, yes you correctly point out the pro forma margins on starts is the lowest its ever been, but its twice as big as it should be. So we don't lose a lot of sleep over that honestly. And in every case its come in higher then what we performed right so were pretty comfortable with those. Im not sure I got your second question, second part of your question is that, oh, DCT part. Look on DCT, to answer your question very clearly you would have had to have known what our development volume would have been without DCT and then you can compare it to whatever we guide to next quarter and reach your own conclusions. But I think the easier way to do that would be just to look at the development that were doing on the DCT land in the near-term and that will give you a very good indication of the extra volume that were doing.
Tom Olinger: Yes, so Eric just put some numbers around that in '18 well do about 100 more 100 million more in development than we otherwise would without DCT. And then we had a land bank that supports 500 million to 600 million of additional development. And when we give you guidance for 2019 that will be embedded in it how much of it, what we will do I can tell you at this point but for sure will expand the volume a bit.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes just to be clear, I mean we feel great about the DCT deal I mean the only reason that we did it is that we think long-term its really accretive, actually short-term and long-term it very accretive to our business. And we love the quality of the portfolio. So you'll see those numbers coming through our growth rate is going to be pretty good.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman from KeyBanc Capital Market. Your line is open.
Craig Mailman: Just a few follow-ups, as it relates to guidance for development starts and dispositions looks you have some wood to chop here in the fourth quarter. Just curious on what the pipelines look like there. And then just second Tom you had noted it would have been I think around 4.5% same-store revenue growth this quarter if you pull out the reimbursable impact. Do you've kind of how that's trended over the last two to three quarters on the same basis?
Tom Olinger: Craig Ill take your second one first, I think we've been kind of in that zone of around 4% when you strip out, and that makes sense when you look at our rent change and what you're saying that would be - I'll check that but I think that's in the zone of what we're saying. And then on your other question on starts and dispo guidance, remember, we just closed in early October a $1.1 billion Maple Tree transaction. We've got another $170 million in the second phase that's right behind to better close this year, and the balance on - so that's the dispo side and I'll let Mike address the starts.
Mike Curless: Yes, to put a finer point on that with those two incremental closings, we're 85% away to the work to be done on disposition. This time last year we were been about 60%, so way ahead of the game there. With respect to our confidence in the development starts volume, we had the last couple of years have done approximately a $1 billion in each of the four quarters. Our visibility to the remaining pipeline is as high as it's ever been in this quarter and we feel very confident in our ability to do those kind of numbers through the end of this quarter.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, development is always back-end-loaded into the fourth quarter. It's just the way the business works or something. Anyway, Craig, thank you for that question. It's the last one, and I want to thank everybody for joining our call. Look forward to talking to you at May week.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ron Hubbard - VP of IR James Connor - Chairman and CEO Mark Denien - CFO Nick Anthony - CIO
Analysts: Manny Korchman - Citi Blaine Heck - Wells Fargo Securities Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities Jamie Feldman - Bank of America Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Tom Catherwood - William Thomas Catherwood Michael Mueller - JP Morgan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Duke Realty Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference to our host Mr. Ron Hubbard. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Hubbard: Thanks, Greg. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Jim Connor, Chairman and CEO; Mark Denien, Chief Financial Officer; and Nick Anthony, Chief Investment Officer. Before we make our prepared remarks, let me remind you that statements we make today are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. For more information about those risk factors, we would refer you to our December 31, 2017, 10-K that we have on file with the SEC. Now, for our prepared statement, I'll turn it over to Jim Connor.
James Connor: Thanks Ron. Good afternoon everyone. I'll start up with a short update on the business environment we're seeing today and then cover our second quarter results. Demand for logistics space has never been strong. An expanding economy and the rapid pace of supply chain reconfiguration and expansion continues to provide tailwinds for logistics real estate. Across the U.S., industrial market fundamentals maintain the momentum we saw in the first quarter. Demand outpaced supply by 10 million square feet for the quarter. Year-to-date, net absorption was about 105 million square feet, slightly above the rate for 2017, but similar to what we've seen for the last few years. Completions year-to-date were about 90 million square feet also relatively similar to the last few years. U.S. industrial market vacancy now stands at 4.4% which is down 20 basis points from a year ago. Nationally, rents grew 6% for the quarter compared to the second quarter a year ago and we would expect that rent growth to remain constant through the remainder of the year. We're seeing new construction across the country maintaining a somewhat level pace. Total supply under construction is about 230 million square feet. Yet we expect demand to continue to outpace supply which bodes well for continued tight fundamentals and rent growth for the foreseeable future. Let me touch on the topic of trade tariffs, which are currently in the headlines. We are not currently seeing or hearing of any impact from our customers today. I would also point to business inventories and industrial production, both of which grew in the second quarter. Consumer spending rates a data point that's highly correlated to the demand for our type of product are at the highest level since the 2008 recession. This news combined with strong consumer sentiment leads us to believe the tariffs will not materially impact our business for the foreseeable future. Even if the situation would escalate and the impact on consumption or consumer confidence, we believe the supply chain trends occurring today with the demand for larger more cost effective facilities and last mile infill development will continue to drive demand on our sector. Switching to the construction side, we have seen increases in steel pricing and labor costs and those increased have pushed our total hard costs up by about 5% to 6%. However, market rents continuing to rise. These increases have of not really impacted our yields. Turning to our own operating results, were seeing similar strength in our own portfolio with stabilized in-service occupancy at 98.2%, which is down slightly from the last quarter, but still very strong. Total in-service occupancy is up 40 basis points to 97.4% due largely the leasing progress in our spec projects. During the quarter, we executed 7.8 million square foot of leases across 16 markets, which is very strong in light of the high occupancy and relatively low lease explorations in our portfolio. The lease activity included space from recent acquisitions as well as spec developments and exceeded our underwriting on both lease-up timing and rental rates. A few notable leasing transactions for the quarter included a 1 million square foot 20-year lease in the Lehigh Valley, which is our newest speculative facility, was delivered the same month. This lease was with a major parcel carrier, logistics firm and brings the occupancy of our 2.7 million square foot 33 Logistics Park to 100%. Secondly, there were three leases executed in the Bridge portfolio, which brought that entire 3.4 million square foot portfolio to a 100% lease, compared to 58% lease when we agreed to terms just over a year ago. The leasing in this portfolio exceeded our original expectations both in terms of timing and rental rates. In general, the performance of these acquired Bridge assets as well as other investments funded from the 2017 MOB sale has contributed to our decision to raise full year 2018 occupancy and earnings expectations, which Mark will discuss in a moment. Overall, the leasing activity is strong fundamentals led to another outstanding quarter of rent growth of 9% and 22% on a cash and GAAP basis respectively. Turning to the development for the quarter, we started $393 million of projects across 9 markets. These projects were 53% preleased in aggregate and are projected to earn an average initial cash yield of 6.5%. Our development outlook for the remainder of the year looks very solid. We have a healthy pipeline of prospects across our entire platform. This combined with the outstanding year-to-date results is driving our increase guidance for development work, which Mark will also cover in a moment. Now, Ill turn it over to Nick to cover acquisitions and disposition activity for the quarter.
Nick Anthony: Thanks Jim. We close 301 million of disposition in the second quarter with all of those proceeds were from the Columbus portfolio, which we mentioned in previous calls and a deal that went in news from the buyer's press release back in May. As you recall, this was a 3.8 million square foot portfolio located about 50 miles west to the Columbus, Ohio that Bon-Ton stores, a company and liquidation contributing 20% NOI. In context of this risk and some other lease expirations in the few years, we believe we achieved very strong price in the sale of $61 per square feet. We've recycled the portion of these dispositions proceeds into acquisitions which totals $187 million for the quarter. The largest one was a 1.1 million square foot, 3 buildings state-of-the-art logistic portfolio in Miami, Florida. These assets are located in the Medley Submarket near the Miami airport. Moreover, we expect this recycling from the Columbus assets and to infill Miami to be accretive on a long-term IRR basis by approximately 90 basis points, given the near-term vacancy and rollover in the Columbus portfolios compared to those tech players and expected better market rent growth in Miami, we were pleased with the execution of our redeployment. I will now turn our call over to Mark to discuss our financial results and revised guidance.
Mark Denien: Thanks Nick. Core FFO for the quarter was $0.33 per share compared to $0.30 per share in the first quarter of 2018 and $0.32 per share in the second quarter of 2017. Core FFO increased from the first quarter of 2018 due to the typical first quarter spike in non-cash G&A expense related to our annual stock-based compensation grant in February, along with continued overall strong operating results. We reported FFO as defined by NAREIT of $0.33 per share for the quarter compared to $0.31 per share for the first quarter of '18 and $0.36 per share in the second quarter of 2017. NAREIT FFO in the second quarter of 2017 was positively impacted by $20 million of promote income we've recognized in connection with the medical office sale. Same property NOI growth for the quarter was 3.9% on a cash basis, up from 3.4% in the first quarter and growth is 3.7% year-to-date as a result of continued rental rate growth on releasing as well as free rent periods burning off on leases that commenced over the last few quarters. Year-to-date, same property NOI on a GAAP basis is about 130 basis points higher than our cash basis due to free rent and some prior straight line rent bad debt expense. Looking out for the remainder of the year, we expect same property growth to continue to accelerate in Q3. We finished the quarter with $232 million in available cash to redeploy into new investments. We also have $277 million in interest bearing notes, of which a $145 million will mature over the 12 months and no outstanding borrowings under unsecured line of credit. As discussed last quarter, our capital needs for the remainder of the year includes the prepayment of two secured loans in September totaling $227 million which were interest at an average rate of over 7.6%. Let me now address our revisions to our 2018 expected range of estimates, which is an exhibit at the back of our quarterly supplement as well as on our website. To reflect the continued leasing momentum and overall strong rental rate growth which continues at a pace that significantly exceeds our original expectations, we have further increased guidance for core FFO to a range of $1.29 to a $1.35 per share which equates to $0.03 per share at the midpoint. As mentioned in April, the majority of this growth will be generated from newer developments. A perfect example of this is our second quarter development deliveries. We delivered 2.9 million square feet representing an investment of a $198 million that were 57% preleased when we started the projects, but were delivered at 100% leased. The margin on these deliveries was almost 50% well ahead of our original expectations. We continue to have tremendous earnings upside from our platform that will not be included in our same property results, but is nonetheless a great outcome. W will balances with continue solid growth in our same property population, which is impressive given the risk return nature of this population at 98% occupied with very little rollover the next couple of years. This increase in core FFO guidance is indicative of an 8% to 11% increase for the second half of 2018, compared to the first half of 2018 and an 11% to 15% increase over the second half of 2017. Weve been saying that we believe, we are positioned for strong growth by the second half of this year, and this guidance update reflects that. We also increased our ranges for average percentage lease for both our stabilized and in-service portfolios with midpoints increasing my 30 and 40 basis points respectively. We increased our estimate for development starts by $100 million to a range of $758 million to $950 million for the year and reduce the high-end of our acquisition guidance by $100 million. In addition, we increased our range on dispositions by 85 million at the midpoint to arrange a $472 million to $600 million. Reverse revisions to certain other guidance factors can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Now Ill turn the call back over to Jim.
James Connor: Thanks Mark. In closing, were pleased with our teams execution through mid-year across our operations, capital redeployment and development. Logistics real estate fundamentals are firing in all cylinders. It appears the economies on solid footing and our strategy and platform is work very well positioned to capture growth opportunities for our shareholders. We will now open up the lines to the audience. We asked participants that you keep the dialogue to one question or perhaps two short questions. You of course are welcome to get back in the queue. Operator, you may open up the lines.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our question today -- first question today comes from the line of Manny Korchman. Please go ahead.
Manny Korchman: Jim, I appreciate the comments on sort of the tenant health or trade environment. I was just wondering at the top, how you measure sort of the health of your sort of tendency or especially in the growth plan? And how it relates to specific properties in your portfolio?
James Connor: Well, I think theres two components there, Manny. The health or what we would refer to as the financial health, weve got fairly strict credit rating and underwriting guidelines that weve always maintained. So, those are in place and those havent changed. In terms of our client outlook and in particular their reaction to all of the headlines about tariffs, we have meetings and conversations with our major tenants on an ongoing basis. We sat personally with three of the larger ones just this week and had those same conversations in terms of what theyre feeling, what theyre seeing, if theyre changing any of their expectations for their use of space and their need of space for the balance of this year or next year. And we have yet to see one of our major clients tell us, theyre putting things on hold or pulling back. So, were still pretty optimistic that the overall positive direction of the economy is going to continue to hold from a logistics sector.
Manny Korchman: And then in terms of your development pipeline, as a pipeline grows in your pre-leasing stats have come down a little bit and getting closer I guess the lower end of your comfort zone? Does that comfort zone shift at all given how well the economies doing and given sort of your opportunities that for development?
James Connor: Manny, I think its really the change if you see the last couple of quarters is just timing. Given the nationwide nature of our development activities, we do more development in the summer month. So typically the second quarter result is probably our strongest development quarter. So we had anticipated that that preleased percentage would come down the lower end of the range. And it may yet come down again towards the bottom of that range in the third quarter. But again that should we expected and as long as we keep leasing than going build-to-suit, we expect to stay above 50% and continue to push our development volumes across the country.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Blaine Heck. Please go ahead.
Blaine Heck: Jim, clearly you guys had a big win with the UBS lease this quarter. So I wanted your thoughts on the Lehigh Valley market in general. There has been some off-and-on talk of oversupply there. But I'd be curious to hear, how you think it's positioned at this point?
James Connor: That would not make the top of our caution list. There is a fair bit of space out there, but there always been demand and it tends to come and go in pretty big increments. The ones that we historically always talked about have been in no particular order probably Atlanta, Dallas and then the Inland Empire East, which is where there is a lot of spec base out there, but there continues to be good demand. So in short order, I would tell you we're not concerned about the Lehigh Valley. We've got another 130,000 foot building that's under construction become in-service here the next couple of weeks and we've got really strong activity on that as well.
Blaine Heck: That's helpful. And then I noticed the cap rate you guys are using in the value creation calculation on the development pipeline increased from last quarter. All of the commentary we've heard points to decreasing cap rates. So I'm assuming it's a mixed issue, but wanted to get some commentary on what exactly drove that change?
James Connor: You're exactly right, Blaine. As far as the population driving this cap rate, it's entirely mixed. I'll let Nick to comment on the overall cap rate environment because I think it's the opposite.
Nick Anthony: Yes, that's correct. We continue to see some cap rate compression. CBRE just came out what their cap rate survey and I think they noted that Tier 1 markets cap rate compressed by about 10 basis points and the Tier 2 markets decreased about 15 basis points.
Blaine Heck: Great.
James Connor: Just a mixed issue this quarter.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Rich Anderson. Please go ahead.
Richard Anderson: So, on the asset sales in particular Columbus and Bon-Ton component to that and then the redeployment, can you talk about and if it's in your some place I missed it that there is kind of the spread -- cap rate spread that you -- that impacted perhaps your numbers and maybe some dilution from that trade in particular that perhaps could allow you to grow your FFO guidance even further had it not been for that trade?
Mark Denien: Well, the in place cap rate for the Columbus portfolio was fixed. But once Bon-Ton vacated, it was high-4s. And that compares to the acquisitions which were mid 4s. So, it's actually sort of a wash when you factored into the fact that Bon-Ton vacated. And then as we noted on our long term basis, the yields are much higher on the Miami transaction.
James Connor: So, it is a little dilutive from what it was in the first half of the year, but it wasn't only dilutive for the last half of the year once that Bon-Ton lease rolled.
Richard Anderson: Right but in terms of what your run-rate was because you did have fixed working for you at this point in time?
James Connor: Yes, it is dilutive, you're right, for the second half a year. I guess my point is, it would have been dilutive what we did to Miami transaction not because of the vacancy that was coming out of some Bon-Ton.
Rich Anderson: And then, I want to talk about property taxes and as I just chatted with Ron a little bit pre-earnings about the fact that youre largely triple net like a lot of your peers. And Im curious to what degree do you worry about property taxes given that a lot of that would be passed through and how youre managing that issue in particular?
James Connor: Well, [Brad], I would make a couple of comments. Property taxes are our second biggest expense in operating the portfolio and even though were 98% leased and most of these buildings are our true triple net leased. The fact the overall gross rent that we can achieve in the marketplace, so were always very sensitive to tax increases, we also very sensitive to markets where they have tax abatement and tax basement burns off. So, its a big part of our asset management strategy and we pay a lot of attention to it.
Mark Denien: And we do, Rich, have an in-house real estate tax consulting team that works with our tenants. They try to bring that down as best we can. So we do, we can't.
Rich Anderson: And whats the growth rate in property taxes, if I could just tag on assumed in your guidance?
James Connor: Well, effectively at zero because like you said, it is all the pass-through. So at this occupancy level, it really doesnt affect our bottom line for the short-term. Its just the flexibility to grow overall rents over the long-term.
Operator: And we do have a question for the line Jamie Feldman. Please go ahead.
Jamie Feldman: I just wanted -- I was hoping to get more color on the markets and where you think you can grow the development pipeline given you raise the guidance. So kind of which markets and what gives you more confidence to raise that number here?
James Connor: Well, I would give you a couple of answers, Jamie. First of all from a spec development perspective, the state of our portfolio in terms of occupancy and near-term role, we could build stacking in literally every one of our markets that were not going to, but weve got operating business guys that are chopping at the build to build more spec. So, its a blend of how much leasing we get done in the existing spec development and the existing portfolio and how much build-to-suit. Right now, weve got a very healthy build-to-suit pipeline that kind of refers back to the original conversation about tariffs. We spent a lot of time talking to our clients about their needs coming up here for the next 18 months and everything remains very positive. So, the ultimate about of development we do is really a function of how much fact leasing we do and how many build-to-suit we do. Because we can always do more spec development, but were just trying to manage our risk.
Mark Denien: Jamie, perfect indication as just where we built in the second quarter because if you look at our year-to-date starts, we're already and what was the previous low-end of our guidance. So, we really didnt raise guidance that much and respect to future development for the year. Were already at the low-end of the guidance. So with the strong second quarter we had thats a good indication of where the markets too strong.
Jamie Feldman: And then as weve seen, as the trade stocks have been more vocal. And you guys were always a little differentiated, having more of a Southeast focus, Midwest focus, less around the major port markets. The Bridge portfolio obviously grew you into some of those markets. Do you I mean do you think going forward you'll try to get back to your kind of formal market concentration? Are you still feel very good about the recent plan -- the more recent plan that kind of grow in some of these more global trade markets?
James Connor: No, Jamie, you're going to see us remain consistent to what we've talked about in terms of our strategic plan. We need to grow in more of the Tier 1 and more of Tier 1 high barrier market. So, you'll continue to see us focused on that. But I don't think those markets bear any more risk than any the other logistics markets around the country because you're talking about logistics and supply chain. So, warehouses are full all over the U.S. right now and as long as we continue with the economy unreasonably stable footing and growing we should be in pretty good shape.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Jeremy Metz. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Metz: Jim, you might have just touched on this a little bit. But going back to the trade topic, you've talked about not seeing any business plan changes from your tenants. But as you think about the development and the lead time to build and to lease and taking on some of this spec, obviously, you don't want to be called holding a bunch of vacancy, if your tenants do change your plans and unless they do change them suddenly. So, as we look at in next year, could we see proactively maybe hit the pause button a bit and see others plays out or at least maybe pause some of the developments in those markets most potentially impacting for many strange trade dispute?
James Connor: Well I think, Jeremy, the governors that we put in place would come into there. So if demand started to diminish in the second half of this year the beginning of next year or build-to-suit started diminish or both, you would automatically see us pullback dramatically on stack, because again, we're not going to go below that 50% pipeline. And as we're looking at the lease up times on all of our speculative projects across the system, and monitoring what that's doing, that factors into all of those spec decisions. So I think as long as we stay committed to the operational goals that we've stated to you guys and our shareholders that will happen. So, if you see spec space start to slowdown, if you see build-to-suit start to fall off, you'll see our development numbers come down appropriately.
Jeremy Metz: And then second for me, you mentioned demand, we obviously continue to hear plenty of our last mile demand and the significant upward pressure on ranks to those assets. I was wondering, if maybe you could bifurcate your market between coastal infill and poor markets and then central? And what difference you're seeing today in terms of your ability to push ranks, demand, timing to lease space, et cetera?
James Connor: Yes, I think my answer would be pretty consistent with what we've seen for the last few quarters, which is the high barrier markets continue to perform at the top-end of the rent growth range which is upwards of 10%. And the second tier markets are probably in the mid-single digits 4% to 6% given that. So we saw last quarter you're overall at 6%. So that probably averages out. I think you're seeing that very consistently. There is such demand for that infield space in these urban areas and these high barrier markets that we're continuing to be able to push rent pretty dramatically. And I think the biggest fundamental thing that we've learned and we've talked about it in some of our previous calls is. The last mile is necessarily small as everybody thinks it is. Amazon and UPS and FedEx are not doing 20,000 foot releases. Theyre outdoing 200,000 foot releases and 400,000 foot leases. And thats really what drives the last mile. Its the package delivery guys and the e-commerce guys. Its not local guys doing 20,000 foot leases. And weve talked about some of those deals that weve done infill deals for UPS of 400,000 feet and on the surface, people wouldnt necessarily think of that as last mile, but thats exactly what it is.
Operator: And we do have a question for the line of Eric Frankel. Please go ahead.
Eric Frankel: Just given the success of your sales of the Columbus portfolio, what are your thoughts of more actively recycling some of the assets that you want to or in markets where you want to reduce your exposure?
James Connor: Well, let me start and then Ill get let Nick give you a little bit of commentary. I think what were seeing in the market with our increased guidance on disposition and development and our reduce guidance on acquisitions is pretty indicative of our outlook. I think you are going to see us accelerates and dispositions because weve got more than ample opportunities on the development side to put that money to work, and I give Nick and give you a little bit more.
Nick Anthony: Yes. And I think the reality is that were always looking at improving our high quality portfolio through strategic dispositions. But the reality is the acquisition opportunities out there at regional prices are still pretty slim. So, we got to be very cautious about doing that. We dont want to accelerate and dispositions and not be able to redeploy the proceeds.
Eric Frankel: And just a quick follow-up question. I just noticed with the start, I think this is referenced earlier. I know the new starts that your developing margins are a little bit thinner and even look like some of the build-to-suits are coming at a pretty high cost per square foot. So, can you just comment on the build-to-suit business and whether youre amortizing a lot of improvements since your costs basis and whether youre properly compensated for that?
James Connor: No, thats not a problem, Eric. Yes, weve all continue to see costs increase across the country. We talked about in previous calls and meetings we talked about the cost of land. The cost of entitling land, we talked a little bit earlier about construction costs. So yes, weve continued to see prices go up. One of the reasons you probably have seen some erosion on those margins are or yield is were not compromising our underwriting by amortizing a bunch of e-commerce, material handling equipment or everything else into our building. Weve been very consistent in terms of what goes in to the base of our buildings. So, were very comfortable with the cost of those buildings because what these guys put in, they got to take out at the end of the lease, whether its mezzanines, material handling, robotics, all of that stuff comes out and weve got a good quality box. The other thing thats driving some of these costs increases, particularly on the larger buildings is the amount of parking, trailer storage, truck docks and clear heights that are going into these buildings. So today a million square foot building is 40 foot clear. A few years ago that would have been 32 or 36 foot clear. Its not uncommon to have 500 trailer spots thats two or three extra acres of land going in. So thats some of what youre seeing contributing and this in addition to land cost and construction costs.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Michael Carroll. Please go ahead.
Michael Carroll: Jim or Nick, can you provide some color on the recent acquisition in Miami? I mean these deals are completed at low yield. Is that because you saw additional benefits from increasing scale in that market?
Nick Anthony: Yes, that's a higher barrier market we're very focused on. The in place escalator on the existing leases are 2.5% to 3%. And we think long term rents are going to grow there at much higher pace and obviously Columbus Ohio.
Michael Carroll: Okay. And then since you've lowered your acquisition guidance, should we assume Duke is less focus on the acquisition market going forward? Are you not seeing as many attractive deals available?
Nick Anthony: We are very focused. We probably underwritten close to $2 billion worth of deals this year, but I think we're not seeing as many opportunities. And we're seeing a lot more opportunities on the development side to offset that.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Ki Bin Kim. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: And my question is on development. So you guys have about $1 billion development pipeline of which, 55% fleet which is pretty amazing. But if you look at profit margin at the midpoint it's about 17%, you're earning about 40 basis points spread. Some of your peers because they're growing more spec, we seen might be much higher rate to fit the 300 basis points spread. So my question is, when you start thinking about development philosophically about your pipeline. How you think about allocating capital to build to suite at which seems like to be a very low spread versus spec? And one of the factors I was thinking about and as a fact that maybe have a deep personnel bench development team. Does that make you ultimately run faster on the treadmill because you had to put people at work? Is that part of that decision making process?
James Connor: Let me take the last question first. We're not interested in keeping people busy. Our people are plenty busy. And in terms of the spreads of the yields on the build-to-suite, everyone obviously everyone that we do we've approved, we dont approved a lot of those deals, because it's competitive marketplace out there. And we may have underwritten something a little bit more considerably than some of our peers. So in spite of our pretty strong track record, we don't win them all or we don't choose to necessarily pursue them all. But as we've talked in the past, there is competitive pressures out there and there are some deals getting done at some various in margins. In terms of the amount of spec, Ki Bin, we thought long and hard about that over the years and we debated internally from time-to-time. And we remain consistent to what we said when we started this cycle, which was this cycle isn't going to last forever. And we're going to keep that development pipeline above 50%. You're right, we could probably tell you that we were going to get better theoretical margins, but high risk high reward. Not all spec projects deliver what they're underwritten to. And at this point in the cycle, I don't think it's a prudent to be turning up on the aggressive scale and doing more and more spec development. Particularly when we've got ample build-to-suite opportunities we've got great leasing spec leasing volume going on to be able keep it there.
Ki Bin Kim: And just one accounting question maybe for mark. With a new lease accounting change, I think you guys had already put a lot of thought into it. Last week, you capitalized about $19 million for internal leasing costs. I know this accounting change is not -- its not just a pure good thing, there is something that will have unintended detriment to companies like you who have skill, but maybe you can provide some comments on how much you think will impact your report FFO next year and maybe any other comments behind it?
Mark Denien: Sure, Ki Bin. Yes, youre right. I mean its sort of complicated and I think this was an unintended consequences the accounting literature. It wasnt really directed at us. It was directed more on the lesser side. Nonetheless, were doing with it. We have a leasing team in-house fully staff. We do all of our leasing in-house, obviously, we pay out several brokers on the tenant side, but we do all of our own representation on our side. And we pay our people on a combination of salary, bonus and commission. And under the new accounting only the commission will be able to be capitalized under the current accounting it's a portion or if youre effective on the leasing you do, its a lot of the salary and bonus as well. Not to mention dedicated attorneys for example. We have an in-house leasing legal team and under the current accounting, we can capitalize the cost for that. Under the new accounting you can. Some of our peers and whether itd be in our sector other sectors outsourced a lot of those functions. So, theyre writing checks to law firms and theyre writing checks to brokerage houses. Weve done our own analysis from the amount of those checks that theyre writing versus the payroll costs in our house or we believe were doing a cheaper at a minimum. Were doing it for equal. Were doing it more for ourselves. So we think our business model is the right business model on the accounting to us is secondary. Having said all that youre right its probably a $0.04 to $0.05 difference in recorded FFO from the old accounting to the new and it will be -- what will be expensing that extra $0.04 or $0.05? Our plan right now is to adjust our core FFO so that were apples-to-apples with our own reporting from year -- from current year to next year. But also apples-to-apples with peers whether itd be in our no sector or other sectors that are outsourcing that and paying same dollars, but capitalizing and running expense again. So we will, and we do plan on adjusting for that. So the way we look at it, we like our business model, the way it is, we think it adds value and were going to keep doing what we do.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Tom Catherwood. Please go ahead.
Tom Catherwood: Jim, question for you. I want to circle back to the question on oversupply and look at it slightly different angle. Are there any markets where labor availability could limit tenant demand? And how could that impact your capital allocation decisions?
James Connor: Yes. Tom, thats a great question. For the first time since Ive been in this crazy business. We as a developer have started doing labor analytic studies. Anytime, we go to buy a big site or anytime we go to build a building because we want to have the answer to the question before weve got the investment made. So it does drive a lot of our investment capital allocation decisions today. If you spend any time out in business parks, youve always seen help wanted. Now hiring signs, youll see them more than ever and that does affect decisions that the tenants are making, when theyre out in the marketplace, whether theyre doing spec leasing or theyre doing build-to-suit. Theyre very, very concerned about labor. So, we have that ammunition upfront so that were comfortable when weve made an investment in a site for development in South Florida or the Lehigh Valley or we go to build a building we know the answer to the question in terms of our clients ability to get labor in there what it's going to cost what the ability is.
Tom Catherwood: Mark, question for you. Can you remind me other than maturities how they kind of roll in for the loans outstanding from the MOB portfolio sale? And when those are paid back, do you have to do 1031 exchanges to avoid tax impacts?
Mark Denien: Yes, Tom, it's right around $115 million a year. And it's called a give or take June of each year. So, it will come in June of '19, June of 2020, and there is a little payment and early '21. And no, we do not need to do 1031. We basically just deferred the game on those into the years that the cash comes in and that will be taxable income and the year comes in, but we planned that where we had a cushion and it wouldn't cause any issues.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Eric Frankel. Please go ahead.
Eric Frankel: Thanks just a couple of quick follow-ups. One, I noticed a lot of your start this quarter were in Atlanta and that seems to be a market that's always targeted as one with a lot of developers and suppliers. And maybe just you can comment on prospects there? And second, I think there was that news article this morning from Cranes that highlighted that Bridge development with developer whom you bought here large portfolio last year. They're under contracted to buy a large site in Brooklyn. Maybe it sounds like you're going to picking a pretty massive development in terms of dollar value. So maybe wanted your thoughts on developing the burrows in the future?
James Conor: Yes, sure, Eric. In terms of Atlanta, a little bit of it is timing, but we do develop in Atlanta in a number of different submarkets and some of those are larger bulk buildings on a couple of those are what I would called mid-sized multi-tenant building. So when we look at that, when we made those decisions particularly on the last couple, we wanted to make sure we were comfortable with our risk and our exposure land and portfolio it is really good shape right now. So we're comfortable with those decisions. In terms of Bridge, we knew they were going to take the money, we gave them go out spend it somewhere. So I haven't heard that they were under contract in Brooklyn, but good for them.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we do have a question from the line of Michael Mueller. Please go ahead. .
Michael Mueller: Just the quick one market exposure. Looking at Page 11 in the sup and the occupancies and for the stabilizing service, the one market that seems to just jump out at DC Baltimore which around 90% and everything else is closer to 100. Just curious, if you can give us little color on that market?
James Conor: Yes, we've got one spec building there that came in service earlier this year, Mike. And I think we've got, I think we're about to commit as substantial piece of that. And our holdings there are not that significant compared to some of our others. So on a percentage occupancy basis, it looks a little low, but I think it's really a couple of 100,000 square feet. So it's not really high on our radar, and I think we've got decent activity. And I would say we'll have some substantial leasing done next quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And it does appear at this time, there are no further questions from the phone lines. Please continue
James Connor: Thanks Brad. I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to reconvening in our third quarter call scheduled for October 25th. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-17 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracy Ward - SVP, IR and Corporate Communications Hamid Moghadam - Chairman and CEO Tom Olinger - CFO Gary Anderson - CEO, Europe & Asia Mike Curless - Chief Investment Officer Ed Nekritz - Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel Gene Reilly - CEO of the America Diana Scott - Chief Human Resources Officer Chris Caton - Global Head of Research
Analysts: Manny Korchman - Citi John Guinee - Stifel Nicolaus Tom Catherwood - BTIG Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets  Jamie Feldman - Bank of America Blaine Heck - Wells Fargo Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Dick Schiller - Baird Rob Simone - Evercore ISI Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisor Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Michael Miller - JP Morgan Jon Petersen - Jefferies
Operator: Welcome to the Prologis Q1 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kim and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Also note, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Tracy Ward. Tracy, you may begin.
Tracy Ward: Thanks, Kim, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2018 conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning, we'll hear from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results and guidance. And then Hamid Moghadam, our Chairman and CEO, who will comment on the company's strategy and outlook. Also, joining us for today's call are Gary Anderson, Mike Curless, Ed Nekritz, Gene Reilly, Diana Scott and Chris Caton. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under Federal Securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as management's assumptions and beliefs. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K and SEC filings. Additionally, our first quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures, and in accordance with Reg G we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom and we'll get started.
Tom Olinger: Thanks, Tracy. Good morning and thank you for joining our call. I will cover the highlights for the quarter, provide updated 2018 guidance and turn the call over to Hamid. By now you've seen our supplemental reporting package which reflects the harmonization of our operating metrics with the logistics sector we announced last quarter. As we previously mentioned, the new definitions had an immaterial impact on our operating metrics. During this quarter, we've also taken the opportunity to report our leasing data based on commencement date versus signed date. This change better aligned our NOI metrics and is consistent with how we manage our real estate internally. Now let's turn to our results. We had a strong first quarter and are well positioned to deliver another year of sector leading earnings growth in 2018. Core FFO reported was $0.80 per share which included $0.09 of net promotes. The net promotes we earned was from our China venture and came in higher than forecasted due to increased property values as well as favorable foreign currency. Core operations also came in better than expected driven primarily by same store NOI and lower interest expense. Our share of net effective rate change on a roll was approximately 22% led by the US more than 32%. This marks the fourth consecutive quarter of global rent change above 20%. Occupancy ticked down sequentially to 96.8% in line with normal seasonality. Our share of cash same store NOI growth in the quarter was 7.9% led by the U.S. at more than 9%. While these results reflect the excellent market conditions around the globe they were favorably impacted by two factors. First, we had approximately 150 basis points of free rent burn up in the quarter which was primarily driven by higher lease commitment in the first quarter of 2017. Second, we had approximately 50 basis points of non-recurring adjustment that also benefitted same store. For the full year, we expect cash same store NOI growth to be higher than our initial forecast and I'll cover this in more detail when I give guidance. Moving to capital deployment for the quarter, I'd like to highlight development stabilization which had an estimated margin of almost 30%. Margins on starts remained very healthy as well. This is notable given that build to suit accounted for nearly two-thirds of our start volume in the quarter. We completed more than $600 million of contribution and dispositions and a weighted averaged stabilized cap rate of 5.2%. Buyer interest for assets remained strong and market cap rates continued to caress particularly in Europe. Turning to capital markets, we continue to have significant liquidity and the internal capacity to self-fund our growth for the foreseeable future. I'd like to spend a minute on two financing transactions we completed in the quarter. In January, we issued a two-year EUR 400 million note with an all-in effective interest rate of negative 10 basis points. This transaction underscores our ability to access capital globally at very attractive rates. We also realized the gain from the settlement of a swap that reduced interest expense order. Looking forward, we expect the quarterly interest expense run rate for the remainder of the year to be approximately $5 million higher. Now moving to guidance for the year. I'll cover the significant updates on our share basis but for complete detail refer to page five of our supplemental. Based on the strength of our first quarter results, we're increasing the range of our cash same store NOI by 50 basis points to between 5.5% and 6.5%. Given the market rent growth in the first quarter, our in place rent continue to be below market by more than 14% globally and 18% in US. This continues to position us for strong operating performance for the next several years. For strategic capital, we now expect net promote income for 2018 the range between $0.11 and $0.13 per share, which is up $0.06 from our previous guidance. We expect to recognize the remainder of the revenue in the fourth quarter. Given our strong leasing pipeline, we're increasing our development starts guidance by $200 million to range between $2.2 billion and $2.5 billion. Build to suit were comprised about 50% of this volume. We're also increasing our disposition guidance by $475 million to a range between $1.4 billion and $1.7 billion. With this volume, we will effectively close out our non-strategic asset sales. This initiative began in 2011 and upon completion will total $14 billion on an owned and managed basis. As a result of our deployment guidance changes, we now expect to generate an additional $300 million of net sources for the full year. Putting this all together we're increasing our 2018 Core FFO [ph] by $0.08 they are in the range between $2.95, and $3.1 per share. Our revised guidance represents a year-over-year increase of 6% at the midpoint or 8% excluding promotes. This increase is particularly strong as we expect average leverage in 2018 to be approximately 250 basis points lower than 2017. The capacity we have to normalize leverage will be a catalyst for future earnings growth as every 100 basis points and additional leverage translates to about 1% Core FFO growth. To sum up we had a great quarter and are excited about our prospects for the remainder of the year and beyond and with that I'll turn it over to Hamid.
Hamid Moghadam: Thanks Tom and good morning everyone. I don't have a whole lot to add to what Tom talked about because our results speak for themselves. While we remain vigilant and on the lookout for any signs of market weakness, we feel great about our business or optimistic about our company prospects. Let me now turn it over to Kim for your questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Manny Korchman from Citi. Your line is open.
Manny Korchman: Hi, good morning everyone. Tom, if we think about your increase in starts guidance. How much did the percentage of built to suit in that starts guidance changed and is that what gives you confidence that the supply picture remains healthy as you and others think about starting new projects?
Mike Curless: This is Mike, I'll take that one. As Tom mentioned our build to suit had a great first quarter and almost two-thirds. That should normalize around 45% to 50% over the year which is a very solid number and so that's driven a lot of our confidence in raising our development guidance. 90% of our activities identified and I should point out the spec that we're doing in our parks and cities that are 97% waste, so those two-combined give us a lot of confidence to raise the guidance in a manner that we did.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Guinee from Stifel. Your line is open.
John Guinee: Great. Is everybody smiling out there are you guys pretty happy?
Tom Olinger: We're always happy John. Especially when we hear from you.
John Guinee: Great news on all the build to suit. Somebody told me the other day that Amazon has a new prototype out there 30 or 40 they're considering throughout the country where it's a multi-level but not multi-truck court level elevator oriented six or seven storey 100,000 to 200,000 square foot footprint on six or seven storey prototype that they're thinking about. And I'm sure you're in those discussions with them. Can you elaborate at all?
Mike Curless: John it's Mike again. We don't give out lot of details about any particular customers plan. Safe to say, we certainly have to happen reading on few of these opportunities and its very early days on that right now more to come on that future.
Tom Olinger: Hey John, let me give you also a background without getting specific on Amazon. Generally, if you want to get closer and you got to shrink your footprint and go vertical. So, anybody who's trying to get close in to where the population is has to be thinking of that and the idea of a multi-level warehouse or Amazon specifically is not a new one. The number of stories may be at some point, but certainly you've seen new mezzanine levels in our building that we've stored with investors. So, shrinking of the footprint and going more vertical would be a logical extension of that getting.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Catherwood from BTIG. Your line is open.
Tom Catherwood: Thank you and good morning. Hamid can I speak on that point that you mentioned tenants trying to get closer and closer to population centers. 30% of your portfolio is buildings under 100,000 square feet. I assume this include the number of legacy assets in more densely populated areas. Given the challenge of acquiring land today, how much of an opportunity is available to redevelop some of these older well-located buildings?
Hamid Moghadam: Actually, quite a bit and we're adding to it all the time. And if you look at what we've done in San Francisco we bought a lot of parking areas, a lot of older obsolete buildings. Interestingly they all need to clear heights for rapid in and out distribution. So, some of those buildings work really well and you need to assemble a fairly good-sized site before you can put a multi-storey building on it. So, there are lots of ways you can increase the value of those older assets by just basically cleaning them up and using them for more rapid infill delivery and also eventually for the larger parcels knocking them down and building something multi-storey. I just want to remind you that the old, this is not a new strategy the old A and B strategy was very much in fill in the larger market. So, and that's probably I don't know a third maybe 40% of our portfolio. So people, you got to offer product along the entire size of the supply chain. You have to have 500 mile product, you have to have 50 mile product, and you have to have the last 5 mile products. So, we're active in all those different segments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman from KeyBanc Capital Market. Your line is open.
Jordan Sadler: Hi, it's Jordan Sadler here with Craig. Regarding same store, cash same store was a big driver of the gross last couple quarters unconsolidated in particular has been a bigger driver particularly on the revenue side. Can you talk about the driver of the unconsolidated same store growth versus the more flattish looking revenue growth you're seeing in the consolidated same store portfolio? And then just maybe as a follow-up there's a big spread between cash same store and effective this quarter almost 260 basis points and wondering if there was anything in particular going on there?
Hamid Moghadam: Let me take the latter and you can answer the former. I think on the issue of cash versus GAAP I think we have unsuccessfully described our preference for GAAP for several years. But everybody asked us about cash. So, we basically said okay starting 2018 we're just going to report cash because that seems to be what everybody is asking us all the time. We do have the GAAP number in the supplemental, so it's not like we're not providing that. But it gets really confusing if you start talking about all that, our share, cash, GAAP and all that. So, we're really going to our share and cash as the relevant number that you guys need to look at or seems to want to look at. So that was a decision that I made. Now Tom, do you want to?
Tom Olinger: Yes. So, Jordan on your first question. I think, I'm not sure if you are looking at owned and managed. But clearly when you look at it graphically the U.S. versus outside the bulk of our share is going to be driven roughly 75% by the U.S. and I don't see anything performance difference between on an our share basis by geography, very consistent.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah, it's just mix. It's just that our fund business is a heavier percentage overseas than it is in the U.S. We own more of our U.S. portfolio. But within the U.S portfolio, consolidated - unconsolidated, we don't even manage our business that way. We don't even look at the
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeremy Metz from BMO. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Hey good morning. In terms of your cap rate compression is really held back any pick up in rent growth. At the start of the year Hamid you talked about possibly nearing an inflection point on this dynamics. I'm wondering if you can just give us an update on what you are seeing on the ground over there in terms of rent growth, which markets perhaps are seeing rent growth early materialize ahead of expectation and has your outlook changed at all over there from a few months ago.
Hamid Moghadam: I think with every passing quarter, we get more optimistic about rental growth in Europe. I think I talked about the cross-over point being later in 2019 and 2020, backend of 2019 and 2020. So, we're some distance away from that. But Europe continues to accelerate in terms of rental growth. The best market - I would say the highest absolute rental growth in the past has been U.K. followed by Germany and Northern Europe and probably the laggard has been Poland and maybe France, if you want to put it in that bucket. So, but even those markets are picking up inter-activity and decreasing. So, I think we're going to get more pricing power in those markets and I think rental growth in Europe will be a couple of points this year and we're in that
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Feldman, Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: I'd like to get your team's big picture thoughts on trade war risk, how people should be thinking about what it could mean longer term for the warehouse business. And then maybe, just as you talk to your clients or maybe your clients aren't really talking about it, but what's the sentiment among tenants about what they are seeing in the press and the tweets and what this all might mean?
Hamid Moghadam: Let me give you the bad news first and I'll tell you the good news next. I think the bad news is that any kind of trade war or which way, I don't think we're quite there yet. But any kind of trade war is bad for economic growth generally. And that will affect everything including our business. So, if the economy grows at 30 to 40 basis points slower than it would have otherwise, which is what I see most people talking about, that's not good for anybody's business including ours.  Now, on the mitigating side of this, first of all, its' really early in those discussions. Those tenants haven't even kicked in and who knows what the latest pronouncements on TVP - I mean I don't know what to read into any of that stuff. So, and I would say most of our customers, all of our customers that I'm aware of have basically - have their head down doing their business and not paying too much attention to what comes out in the tweets in the morning until there is something specific they can react to. The other thing that I would point out to you is that most of the tenants at least to-date have been on intermediate material or raw material that goes into production. And as you know we are not that active on the production end of the supply chain anyway. We're at the consumption end of the supply chain. So, it has less of an effect on us than our places that are focused more on production. So - and by the way a lot of these goods don't even go through a warehouse. Steel doesn't go through warehouses, aluminum doesn't go through warehouses. So, I guess the simplest way of thinking about it is that we are concerned by the talk. We are not yet concerned by the action and we'll just see what the action is going to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from Blaine Heck from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Blaine Heck: Thanks. Good morning. Hamid can you talk a little bit about what you are seeing with respect to supply in general and more specifically on construction financing, we've heard that banks and other lenders have recently become a little bit more willing to lend for industrial construction in particular. Is that consistent with what you are seeing and does that give you any concern as you look out into 2018 and 2019?
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah, I don't think the banks were hesitant to lend on industrial construction. They just wanted to lend at equity in the deal which made it more difficult for developers to finance projects. So, you can get bank finance, and you just have to have 40% equity in the deal, which means that you usually have to bring in a partner and that complicates. And the partner has to get the returns and the developer has to get his return. So, it just gets to be a tighter calculus. Having said that, I think actually the bigger constraint on industrial development is really land availability and entitlements. I mean these buildings are getting bigger. The need for flat ground is getting in large parcels is getting to be more intense and the sublicense streams are more severe than ever. So, that's what's really constraining the supply, particularly in the markets where a lot of demand is. So, Gene, do you have anything to add to that?
Gene Reilly: I mean I think our concerns about supply have revolved around the same markets, I believe the last two years, and that's basically South Dallas, Atlanta, and Central Pennsylvania. And what we've seen is these markets will bounce from a temporary over supply being imbalanced to oversupply, currently all those three are in a supply [ph]. But otherwise supply is [ph].
Operator: Your next question comes from Vikram Malhotra from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vikram Malhotra: Just maybe the last few quarters, you sort of outlined the strategy of willing to sort of push rent at the expense of occupancy to some extent. Maybe just big picture, if we look out over the next few years, certainly there is a lot of room in terms of mark-to-market. So, how much would you have to see occupancy adjust to sort of step back and say, maybe we need to tweak it a little bit?
Gene Reilly: So, Vikram, this is Gene and I'm probably a little unsure of exactly what the question is, but we don't really think of it as, you know intentionally dropping the occupancy achieve a certain result from the rent change side. We think of more so focusing more on what rent we really ought to be achieving in each case. You know, when you are in a dynamic market environment, there is a bias typically in the field managed for occupancy. If you manage to a budget every year, you are naturally going to do that. And we're trying hard to get away from that basic way of doing business. So we're really looking to push rents and we've frankly been pretty successful doing so. But it isn't based on some sort of calculation dropping occupancy. As a natural result, you will leak a little bit, but at these levels of occupancy. 
Hamid Moghadam: Let me make that a little more specific for you. If you are the person leasing space in X market, and you have a vacancy, you have a tenant lease coming over for renewal in the middle of the year. If you don't make that deal, it's likely that that space will remain vacant for the balance of the year and you'll miss your budget, because particularly you don't have benefit of diversification of a really large portfolio like we do sort of at the company level. For that person, that's a big miss on the budget. If you're not careful that sum of all those individual decisions will bias you towards more conservatism so that you want to increase the probability of renewing that lease, with a virtual certainty. And that makes you leave a lot of money on the table. So, we got to derisk that behavior for the field, so that that individual doesn't have the incentive to just keep renewing at whatever old rent they can get. So, there is some behavioral stuff that we're working on over here that maximizes the bottom-line for the company while individual locations and individual people may underperform and some of their other colleagues will over perform. So, what maximizes the benefit for an individual - or performance for an individual is not necessarily the same thing that maximizes the performances for the company. That's what we're trying to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Chao from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Vincent Chao: Hey good morning everyone. Just wanted to go back to the discussion of land and maybe on the covered land side if you could provide some additional details around what the size of that portfolio looks like to maybe on a square footage basis or NOI being generated today, and you know how long it might take to realize that covered land bank?
Tom Olinger: Hey Vincent, this is Tom. I just want to put our land in three buckets. You've got land we owned, we've got land under option, and then we have covered land plays. I think the covered land plays probably from a total build out and this could be over the next five plus years, but that number is probably north of $2 billion of incremental development and Hamid said, that we work really hard at continuing to increase that pool, but that's the magnitude and there is probably more upside over the long-term.
Hamid Moghadam: And remember there is no - in the short-term it shows up as operating real-estate because by and large you are getting a yield to very close to what you would have gotten, had it had a building on it. So, that that's why it's called covered. So, in the short term, it's an operating asset and in the long-term position redevelopment to the tune of the two [ph].
Operator: Your next question comes from Dick Schiller, Baird. Your line is open.
Dick Schiller: Thanks. Good morning everyone. A quick question on the loan package you guys took our $400 million at a negative interest rate. Does that give you guys comfort to be more aggrieve on acquisition front or if - looking at development starts, be putting more money capital to use into the development pipeline. How are construction cost bouncing your IRR and expected return from that development pipeline.
Hamid Moghadam: Look, we look at our overall cost of capital, weighted average cost of capital and that varies by geography and just because on a given maturity in a given day in a given currency, we can borrow money on a very attractive basis. We don't run around trying to match that with uneconomic deals. So, our thresholds for what makes sense for us to deploy capital remains pretty much unchanged other than big changes in plus capital in different locales, so no change in that. And generally, I would say in terms of the incremental yield that we're looking at for development, it's usually on the order of 100 to 150 basis points of yield above the exit cap rate and if you want to translate that to margins, it's about on the low-side 10% for a really safe and secure build-to-suit and at market land value is about a 15% on spec, but we keep exceeding that because of excess rental growth and excess cap rate impression. So the margins as you've seen have been a lot higher than that and some of our land as older basis so that further boost the margins. But at market, like I've always said spec development should about 15 and build to suit [ph] and we're getting better than that now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Simone from Evercore. Your line is open.
Rob Simone: On the free rent impact on same store, I guess with the 150 basis point impact, does that kind of imply that impact should - or that benefit should trail off as the year progresses, just given that you know you guys have been saying the difference between gap and cash will be about 100 basis points, plus or minus. And then I have a really quick follow-up after that, if possible?
Tom Olinger: This is Tom. So, you are right. The free rent impact as I mentioned was about $150 basis points in the quarter and it was driven by the high amount of the above average amount of lease commencements we had in Q1 2017. If you look at the rest of 2017 by quarter, the commencements are much more in line with what we did in Q1 and if you want to just think big picture cash same store looking forward, and I do think it's going to moderate the spread between cash and GAAP to about 100 basis points. And if you think about the components of the cash same store NOI, you are going to have rent change, we're going roll about 20% of the portfolio of cash. Rent change is going to be 10%, so call that 200 basis points. You are going to have bumps on the 80%. That's not rolling, that's about 250 basis points of same store occupancy. We talked about a year-over-year occupancy impact of about 50 basis points last quarter and then you have free rent and indexation which is another 50 basis point. So, that's a nice high level way to think about cash same store going.
Rob Simone: Great. Thanks. That's really helpful. And just really quickly on the promote, so the balance of the revenue is going to be recognized in Q4, but will you guys like in past year also had some amortization in Q2 and Q3 that could drag on those quarter slightly?
Tom Olinger: That's correct about $0.01 of capital expense related to -- because of the timing difference spin revenues all upfront and the mode expense comes in over time.
Operator: Your next question comes Eric Frankel from Green Street Advisor. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. Can you just identify the markets at which you plan to sell assets? What is the source of the increased disposition guidance and then second, I think there are a couple larger portfolios in the market for purchase. So, I wanted to just understand what your criteria are for [ph] and whether you're going to end with some capital partners to join in those purchases given increased investor interest. Thank you.
Mike Curless: Yes. Our disposition strategy Eric haven't really changed. The timing of it may have been accelerated because the market, we're leasing up some of our other strategic assets faster and so they're becoming positioned earlier for sale and the market is good so we're taking advantage of those opportunities. But they're generally that remaining non-strategic assets in Europe and the U.S. that we identified long time ago we're not changing that, it's just that we're getting through it faster than we would have otherwise. With respect to capital deployment, but we look at everything and you know I mean since we are we in the really big, buy a big portfolio and before Katie are within buy a big portfolio. Just that a lot of these instances and quality of what's available and our desire for maintaining the portfolio that we have, so diligently constructed over the last five or six years I mean we've sold $14 billion real state as Tom mentioned. I mean we really worked hard at perfecting the quality of this portfolio. When we look at a portfolio or most of these portfolios we would have to sell 60%, 70% of them to get down to the 30% or 40% we like. So, obviously we got to price them so we can sell them and still come out as a good valuation for what we want to keep and that becomes kind of difficult to do. So, we're buying large not a big portfolio buyer because of the fifth issue but in terms of return requirements again I go back to my previous answer we have a cost of capital that is different for each jurisdiction and we need to get an appropriate spread before we deployed capital.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Good morning everyone. So, I kind of imagine that one of the bigger challenges that you guys have is finding smart ways to deploy development capital in size. So, could you talk about where are the next rounds of opportunities are globally?
Tom Olinger: Sure. I mean there we have a really great way of deploying capital which is in the market that's in the high 4% we can deploy capital development which will not only service the needs of our customers but will also monetize our land bank and we control based on our current land bank and the option land and even excluding the covered lamp place we have a close to $10 billion opportunity to deploy capital. So, that's a couple of years of activity that doesn't depend on anything else or any portfolio acquisition or the like and we are - it's not a static number we're always adding to it and growing it. So, I think primarily the global development platform very few people actually attribute any value to is a driver of our growth and it's a pretty unique and special driver of deployment and earnings growth. So that's our primary way. The acquisition stuff tends to be more value added tends to be cover land played there's got to be an angle. If we're going toe to toe on just the cost to capital race with the latest sovereign wealth fund or pension fund that wants to be out there that's generally not our ammo particularly when you are related to quality that I talked about earlier.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Miller from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Michael Miller: Thanks. Hi and I apologize. I missed some of the intro comments if this was asked. But looking out to 19 and 20 it looks like you have about 13% to 15% of square footage expiring each year. How much pull forward should we expect on top of those levels?
Tom Olinger: Hi Michael, this is Tom. I don't think you should expect a lot of pull forward to those levels. We're obviously I think you're going to see our churn over time naturally come down slowly because of longer lease duration. So, I wouldn't expect.
Hamid Moghadam: But I think what he's asking is that in a typical year we lease about 5% more than the rollover we have. So, I think in the 15% roll here it's going to be about 20% because we're pulling basically six months of the next year-end. We're always running ahead. Although you know we're getting a little smarter about that. It took us a while to figure it out. But by moving things forward, in the rapidly escalating market you are actually blocking and lease rates at a lower rate than you should have and that's another behavioral thing that we're working on here. So, I think the answer is, specific answer to your question is about 5% more but there's a rent aspect to that that you got to keep them.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Guinee from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Mike Curless: Hey, Mike Curless follow-up call. When you're looking at development overall lot of moving pieces, land, and entitlement costs, hard costs, required, yields by you and others as well as rental rates. What do you think are good examples of what's happening to land versus hard costs versus required yield in various markets that you're looking at new development?
Tom Olinger: We're certainly seeing. As Gene mentioned the scarcity is well at this side particularly in the markets that are closer to the customers. Scarcity there is going to be driving up and is driving up land prices, construction costs are being driven up in select markets as well because that's going on with steel. But in the places that we're doing business, we're seeing the corresponding rental rates being there and emerging.
Hamid Moghadam: I got to tell you this construction cost thing is no joke in the bay area. Construction costs are 20%, 25% percent up last year. That by the way thanks to other parts of California too. So, they have been stable for many years and now it's the time for the contractors and stuff and buyers to make some hay while the sun is shining. So, construction costs are really tough and some of that has been mitigated by yield compression on the required return side, but it's getting tougher to pencil spec development in some of these markets and that's good news I guess for rental growth over time because that marginal product coming to market is [ph] now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Frankel from Green Street Advisor. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. I just want to address the topic of rent paying abilities among tenants. Obviously, the rent increases you are pushing through the tenants especially in close markets. They don't think much of rent I guess is what's been phrased the last few years. Can you talk about what how higher rents fit into your tenants supply chains at this point especially population dense markets and it certainly seems for you know potential multi-storey development in the future that you need rents to be in the $15 to $30 range for the economic to work. Can you talk about which tenant can actually afford those types of prices?
Tom Olinger: Sure. First of all, keep in mind that while nominal rate rental rates have increased a lot in terms of real rants we're still way below the high water marks of the late nineties and early 10,000 substantially below. So real rent is really what matters over time. Second, a lot of these marginal player, marginal in terms of bad but marginal meaning players that need close and can fill space are really substituting retail space so the difference between retail and industrial is blending and they get a lot more throughput in last you know last touch delivery and therefore by eliminating a retail rounds and another a lot of other supply chain costs. I think they can afford to pay a lot more, those particular tenants can certainly pay a lot more for higher cost real estate. The third consideration is that there are not a lot of these opportunities around to develop so it's not like a greenfield situation where you can go and all these new buildings and all that. But probably the most important factor is that industrial rents are a tiny tiny tiny portion of the entire supply chain cost. I mean certainly under 5% and in many many cases under 2%. And in particular categories like parcel delivery, food, construction, municipal items and all that you got to be there to provide those services close end. So those tenants tend to be less rent sensitive. If you're distributing tires you're not going to be in those locations because you're very rent sensitive. But those are not the kind of tenants you are finding in those locations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Petersen from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Jon Petersen: Great. Thank you. So, the promotes this quarter came in well ahead of your guidance. Just wondering if you can give some color on why it was so much higher than the outlook you gave a couple months ago. I think it was often the China fund. And then kind of stepping back to the bigger picture. I'm just curious when you provide guidance, how do you go about underwriting what the promote potential is? Do you guys assume a 25 basis point increase in cap rates or slower NOI growth or something conservative like that to derive the number just trying to think about how you guys I think about that when you get guidance.
Tom Olinger: Jon, thanks for the question. So, our approach on promotes is we generally provide guidance based on smart valuation and what we saw on the first quarter was China values pretty meaningfully and we had a positive tailwind from Fx. The RMB strengthened against the dollar in the quarter and vis--vis from our calculations obviously be sensitive to valuation. So, we give you the sport values on promotes. As we mentioned the fourth quarter promote is based on fund in Europe and we'll recognize all the revenue.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. It's more like an option price, I mean it's an effective call on appreciation of the portfolio plus the preferred return. So, it's very sensitive to that exit value and cap rates have been there and rent. So, we do our best we're not trying to step on the scale or anything in. Sometimes most of the times it and the downward compressing cap rate environment it's just been price to the up side.
Operator: Your last question comes from Jamie Feldman from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: Great. Guy's sticking with your last statement just on compressing cap rates, I mean what are your thoughts and how much lower cap rates can go or maybe a better day to ask you that is just to talk about demand you are seeing out there for industrial assets and what the transaction market looks like and what underwriting assumptions look like for buyers?
Hamid Moghadam: I think that's based on what we're saying people are paying mid for cap rates for some very mediocre export polio than in the past markets. Like LA some of the cap rates are would lead to that market are in the high three. So. and that translates into maybe a 5.5 on leverage IRR are on a good day. So that's what we're seeing in the marketplace. And what it should be I don't know, we're not buying a lot of real estate at 0.3 cap rate. So, I don't really know what was the most the first party question. Jamie could you ask the first part of your question again. Okay, you're gone. All right you can call me privately, I forgot the first part. Anyway, thank you very much for your interest in the company and look forward to communicating with you over the course of the quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-23 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracy Ward - SVP, IR and Corporate Communications Hamid Moghadam - Chairman and CEO Tom Olinger - CFO Gary Anderson - CEO, Europe & Asia Mike Curless - Chief Investment Officer Ed Nekritz - Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel Gene Reilly - CEO of the America Diana Scott - Chief Human Resources Officer Chris Caton - Global Head of Research
Analysts: Michael Bilerman - Citi Craig Mailman - KeyBanc John Guinee - Stifel Nicolaus Blaine Heck - Wells Fargo David Rodgers - Baird Nick Yulico - UBS Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisor Tom Catherwood - BTIG Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Nick Stelzner - Morgan Stanley Joshua Dennerlein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI Jon Petersen - Jefferies Manny Korchman - Citi
Operator: Welcome to the Prologis Q4 Earnings Conference Call. My name is James and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Also note this conference is being recorded. I will now like to turn the call over to Tracy Ward. Tracy, you may begin.
Tracy Ward: Thanks, James, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2017 conference call. The supplemental document is available on our Web site at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning, well hear from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results and guidance. And then Hamid Moghadam, our Chairman and CEO, who will comment on the companys strategy and outlook; Also, joining us for todays call are Gary Anderson, Mike Curless, Ed Nekritz, Gene Reilly, Diana Scott and Chris Caton. Before we begin our prepared remarks, Id like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as managements beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K and SEC filings. Additionally, our fourth quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures, and in accordance with Reg G we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. With that, Ill turn the call over to Tom and well get started.
Tom Olinger: Thanks, Tracy. Good morning and thank you for joining our fourth quarter earnings call. I will cover the highlights for the quarter, introduce 2018 guidance and then turn the call over to Hamid. We had an excellent quarter and an outstanding 2017. Core FFO was $0.67 per share for the quarter and $2.81 per share for the year, reflecting an increase of more than 9% over 2016. We earned record net promotes of $0.16 per share for the year. Excluding promotes, core FFO was also up 9%. It's worth taking a step back to highlight that over the last four years we delivered a core FFO CAGR of 13% while also deleveraging by 1100 basis points. We leased nearly 170 million square feet in 2017 with more than 42 million square feet in the quarter. Well located logistics product remains mission critical for our customers. Global occupancy at year-end reached an all time high of 97.2%, a sequential increase of 90 basis points. The U.S. led the way with a record occupancy of 98%. In Europe, year-end occupancy reached to 96.6%, up 120 basis points sequentially setting the stage for rental growth in 2018. Notably France was up 340 basis points sequentially. Our share of net effective rent change on rollovers in the quarter was 19%, with the U.S. at nearly 30%. Global rent change was down sequential due to mix with higher leasing in France, Poland and the Central U.S. Our share of net effective same store NOI growth was 4.7% for the full year and 4.1% for the quarter. The quarter came in below expectations due to an expense forecast miss as well as lower than expected average same store occupancy. On the development front we had an extremely productive year creating significant value for our shareholders. I would like to highlight development stabilizations which came in slightly ahead of expectations and had an estimated margin of 29% and value creation of $583 million. 2017 was also an excellent year for our strategic capital business. We combined several ventures reducing the number of vehicles since the merger from 21 to 8, further streamlining our business. We raised $2.9 billion in new capital from investors around the world and grew our third party AUM to $32 billion. Our strategic capital business delivers a durable and consistent revenue stream with 90% of fees coming from long term or perpetual vehicles. Turning to capital markets. During the quarter we used a portion of our excess liquidity to redeem $788 million of near-term bonds. For the full year we lowered look through leverage by 340 basis points to 23.7% on a market capitalization basis. We continue to have significant liquidity of $3.6 billion and remain well protected from movements in foreign currency as we ended the year with more than 94% of our net equity in U.S. dollars. Moving to guidance for 2018 which I will provide on an our share basis. We expect net effective same store NOI growth of between 4% and 5%. This is set in accordance with the new logistics sector definitions that we announced last week. I am proud of our sector for taking leadership on this important initiative. For comparison, our 2017 net effective same store results would have been 4.2% under this new definition. As I had mentioned previously, we had expected this impact to be less than 50 basis points. Cash, same store NOI growth for 2018 should be approximately 100 basis points higher than net effective as the lag from longer lease terms and steeper rent bumps continues to close. Development starts will range between $2 billion and $2.3 billion, roughly in line with 2017. Build-to-suits will comprise about 45% of this volume. Dispositions and contributions will range between $2.3 billion and $2.9 billion. Given broad buyer interest, particularly for larger portfolios, we may elect to accelerate dispositions and effectively close out our remaining non-strategic assets in 2018. I want to point out that the contribution volume includes the expected re-capitalization of Brazil. For strategic capital, net promote income will range between $0.05 and $0.07 for the full year, consistent with prior years there will be a difference in the timing of recognition between promote revenue and its related expenses. We expect to recognize $0.01 of promote expense in each quarter of 2018. From a timing perspective, we expect to recognize roughly two-thirds of the promote revenue in the first quarter. For net G&A, we are forecasting a range between $227 million and $237 million. For perspective, we have held G&A roughly flat over the last five years while growing AUM by more than $14 billion. Related to FX, our 2018 estimated core FFO is fully hedged and we have already hedged most of 2019. We dont expect any material impact on our operations or earnings as a result of the new tax reform bill. Putting this all together, we expect core FFO to range between $2.85 and $2.95 a share for 2018. Core FFO growth excluding net promote income is expected to be 7%. This growth is particularly strong given further balance sheet delevering. We expect average leverage in 2018 to be approximately 200 basis points lower than last year. For reference, a 100 basis point increase in leverage translates to approximately 1% of core FFO growth. To wrap up, we had a great quarter and year and are entering 2018 with strong momentum. The mark to market of our portfolio currently stands at 14% globally and more than 18% in the U.S. with an upward bias. This positions us for strong operating performance for the next several years. Our best in class balance sheet had significant liquidity and investment capacity to self fund our growth and to capitalize on opportunities as they arise. With that I will turn the call over to Hamid.
Hamid Moghadam: Thanks, Tom. I will keep my remarks short as our business and our markets continue on a positive trajectory. Market fundamentals are strong as they have been in my career. In the U.S., occupancy has continued to test new highs and rental growth accelerated in 2017, led by the large coastal markets. Net absorption was healthy last year, although it was constrained below 2016 levels as a result of limited new supply. Market dynamics today are highly favorable to [indiscernible] and should remain so for the foreseeable future. Today about 30% of our global portfolio consists of in-fill assets which are positioned for last touch delivery. In our view and notwithstanding all the market noise, it will be impossible to duplicate such holdings in any scale for late adopters of the now very popular last mile strategy. In Europe, cap rate declines have lifted value significantly. While we expect cap rates to compress even further, we have now reached an inflexion point for rental growth in New York. Fueled by improved conditions on the continent, we expect rents to accelerate for the foreseeable future and narrow the gap with the U.S. The lag in rental recovery in Europe will carry our momentum beyond the inevitable point that the U.S. markets normalize. Looking ahead, there is plenty of gas left in the tank. We are laser focused on capturing rental growth and deploying capital in profitable developments. The mark to market of our portfolio has increased steadily over the last 18 months, which will also extend the runway for continued rental growth. Our scale provides us with attractive capital sourcing and deployment opportunities around the world. We will continue to deliver value by putting our well located land bank to work and by leveraging our unparalleled customer relationships. I will close by saying that our business strategy remains unchanged. Our balance sheet continues to strengthen and our portfolio is uniquely positioned to deliver strong results well into the future. We remain vigilant about unforeseen risks in this environment but are very optimistic about our prospects in 2018 and beyond. I would like to now turn it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Manny Korchman of Citi.
Michael Bilerman: It's Michael Bilerman here with Manny. Tom, in your opening comments you talked about the 4Q same store numbers and you referenced an occupancy miss and expense growth miscalculation -- I can't recall what words you used. Can you just delve a little bit deeper into what those were, what impact they had, and how that reverts into 2018?
Tom Olinger: Thanks, Michael. So about half of the difference was due to the fact that we blew in expense forecast by about $2.5 million, which in the fourth quarter, thats about 60 basis points impact. And again, we blew the expense forecast, we got it right in 2018. So no impact on 2018. The other driver was, same store average occupancy lower than we had expected. We actually had a 10 basis point negative impact of same store occupancy in the fourth quarter. We thought we would see a positive increase. But to give you context, our share of average same store occupancy in the quarter was 96.5% but our ending same store occupancy was at 97.3%. So 80 bps higher. So as you can see, the leasing happened just later than we expected.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Mailman of KeyBanc.
Craig Mailman: On the occupancy guide, Tom, just curious how much of that is just conservatism from where you guys ended the year versus maybe your expectations about lower retention from kind of pushing rents even harder in '18.
Tom Olinger: Yes. I think it's the latter, Craig. We are going to continue to push rents to get the right long-term economic results and higher same store growth. And we might sacrifice occupancy in the short-term just like you saw in Q4, for getting the right long-term answer.
Operator: Our next question is from John Guinee of Stifel.
John Guinee: If you look at what's happening in the office world and the retail world, base building and re-leasing CapEx are going up significant and investors awareness of these CapEx numbers are also going up significantly. When you are leasing space, are you providing turnkey TIs, as when TIs are needed. How much money are you putting into the base building, how much money is the tenant putting into the base building? Talk a little bit about your re-leasing cost.
Hamid Moghadam: Sure. John, this is Hamid. Let me start and then turn it over to Gene for some color on the specifics. I think the real estate industry generally, for the last 35 years that I have been involved, and that has always gotten CapEx strong. Because I think there is all these weird things that people count as recurring, not recurring, value-enhancing, non-value enhancing. And I think those problems are particularly acute in the sectors you mention. I think probably apartments and industrial are the most straightforward because we dont have major [indiscernible] rehabs and all those kind of other stuff that goes on. So generally the problem that you raise is a serious problem that AFFO many years ago tried to address but in my opinion didnt do a very good job on it. So that is the general comment. I would say many of our tenants invest above and beyond our contributions significant improvements. Typically our improvements once the building is second generation, consists of paints and carpet and maybe a little bit of walls moving around in the office portion. Very little in the warehouse space. Now we have customers that may put in nothing about that and there are couple of occasions where our customers are actually using the buildings for data centers and may put at thousand or more dollars a square foot in there. But thats really not reflected in the rent that we collect. We are not in the business of over improving space at our expense in temporary and specific customized improvements for anybody just to pump up the rent. I just want to be really clear about that. Just to make this really simple, the way I would like to look at CapEx is actually to add up all the CapEx and look at it as a percentage of NOI. And historically in our business that number has been about 12% to 15% depending on where you are in the cycle.
Operator: Our next question is from Blaine Heck of Wells Fargo.
Blaine Heck: You guys have come a long way derisking and delevering the balance sheet over the past several years and it looks like you plan to continue that process in 2018. As you touched on, that usually comes with lower growth than you could achieve at higher leverage. So how do you guys think about setting the appropriate level of leverage and finding the balance between safety and growth.
Hamid Moghadam: So, Blaine, I think when we did the merger and we laid out some balance sheet objectives, that was really where we what the long-term capital structure of the business was going to be. And I think at that time we said we want to have a top three balance sheet in the industry and got a lot of giggles at that point. And here we are now with just under 24% leverage and an A minus rating, which we are happy about. I think the recent declines in 2017 and the projected declines in 2018 in leverage are not something that we are doing consciously to further improve the balance sheet. They are just a byproduct of executing our capital recycling strategy and you can't do that perfectly. So at some point when we are done with disposing of our non-strategic assets, which we expect to have that completed in 2018, our leverage will probably drift up by a few hundred basis points and thereby propelling our growth to where we really want it to be in the long-term. But that totally depends on investment opportunities and the attractiveness of those capital deployment opportunities. Bottom line, our leverage is lower than we planned it to be but thats consistent with the other aspects of our strategy.
Operator: And our next question is from David Rodgers with Baird.
David Rodgers: Maybe Tom, I wanted to go back to one of your comments that you made in the prepared comments about accelerating dispositions in non-core assets as the year progresses. It sounds like thats not a done deal but I would like to know maybe what would get you over the hump of deciding to sell more. Is that a function of perhaps accelerating developments or finding acquisition, or just maybe new supply hitting the markets that you might be worried about. Any additional thoughts please.
Tom Olinger: Yes, Dave, there is no humps to get over. Just to put everything in context. We sold $11.6 billion of real estate since the merger. I think that represents a couple of companies added in our sector. So we have been very deliberate and active in the dispositions market, probably more than anybody in the business. We have approximately 1.6 billion of non-strategic assets left. Bottom line, we sold 88% of what we wanted to sell in the non-strategic area. And honestly, the improvement in the markets and the strength of the markets is such that we got a lot of these other non-strategic assets at least up sooner than we thought we would. So I think 2018 is the time to execute that plan. Mike, you want to add any color to that?
Mike Curless: Yes, we saw last year, both in Europe and the United States, some of our smaller portfolios were aggregated. There was a lot of buyer interest in some larger portfolios and so we expect that trend to continue this year and we are very optimistic on our ability to execute our sales plan or even slightly more than we projected.
Operator: Next question is from Nick Yulico of UBS.
Nick Yulico: Hamid, I want to get your latest thoughts on new supply in the U.S. and which markets, if any, you might be concerned about.
Hamid Moghadam: Let me do this, let me have Gene start and maybe Chris to provide some color on that.
Gene Reilly: So with respect to new supply, right now we would call out probably Dallas, Chicago and Louisville, as having supply in excess of recent demand. And to drill into this a little bit, as we look forward, Chicago kind of concerns us a little bit but construction is way down in Chicago today. So they had 22 million in the pipe a year ago, now they have 9 million square feet. So that speaks to the conservatism we have seen in the few markets since the -- during this economic recovery. Those are the markets we would call out for excess supply.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeremy Metz, BMO Capital Markets.
Jeremy Metz: Hamid, at this time last year your outlook called for supply demand equilibrium, moderation in rent growth to the mid single digit range. Rents, obviously, far outpaced expectations coming in nearly 10%. And in your portfolio occupancy reached an all time higher at the end of the year, it was above even your expectations at the end of 3Q. And this is all despite the fact you are actively really pushing hard on rents. So it maybe a very simple answer here but are you seeing anything today other than just being one year further into this cycle such that 2018 can be set up for a similar type of better than expected outcome.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. That simple answer is, no, we are not seeing anything different. In fact, markets at this point are stronger than they were last year. Last year, you may remember, there were a couple of markets that we had seen excess supply, including by the way, Chicago, that Gene just mentioned. And we kind of talked about that and warned the market that maybe some of these markets are getting a little soggier. And then as you point out, we ended up getting between 9% rental growth in the U.S. So we clearly got that one wrong. We were too conservative in terms of what happened. But having said that, I mean nobody is going to go and forecast 10% rental growth into the future. We are in unchartered waters. So I think what we are counting on today is a growth rate much less than that and our assumptions and our guidance is based on numbers that are about half as much as big as that this year. But, who knows, it may be higher or lower and we dont have perfect insight into the future. So, I dont know, we will see. My hope is that we will even do better.
Operator: Our next question is from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim: Could we just talk a little bit more about the supply questions. How much do you think new supply actually impacts your portfolio. And I will use this as an example. For example, if you have an asset in Carson and LA by the Port of Long Beach, I wouldnt think new supply [indiscernible] practically impacts your ability to raise rents in that asset. So if you take that thinking across your larger portfolio, how would you describe the real impact from new supply.
Hamid Moghadam: So in some of the markets like the [South Bay] [ph] just to pick the example that you mentioned, it's impossible to add any supply. In fact there is supply coming off and there is negative supply. San Francisco has had negative supply because people are turning [spots] [ph] to build apartments and all that. So there is very little supply there. And what happens is that there is substitution of locations, as people go further out, compromise on some other parameters just to be able to get the space that they need. So let me throw it to Gene for some more color in there.
Gene Reilly: So you bring up an interesting point because if we actually look at our strong markets, there are markets with obviously strong demand and great net absorption numbers. Some have a decent amount of supply as well. And then if you look at LA County for example, the net absorption isn't very impressive, neither is the supply because it's infill. But the rent growth is 17%, 18%. So there are couple of markets who fall in that category today. New York, New Jersey is one of them. 18% rent growth last year. Much of the Bay area falls in that category, Seattle. So your question was really about supply. In many of these infill markets, supply is really one off and as a percentage of what's going on the base, it's very small.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. I think that is correct. Ki Bin, I think, the key differentiator in rent growth last year was barriers to supply, either by markets [indiscernible] versus other, or in terms of product size. So you saw better performance in smaller versus [big] [ph] product. But you know, let's also now let the question go in terms of the rate of supply growth. There has been a real slowdown in the rate of supply growth. Starts last year and for that matter the supply pipeline, I am sure numbers you follow, up 5% to 10%. But contrast in a market environment like we are discussing, historically it would have been double digits. So there is this discipline in the supply side that also is affecting it.
Operator: The next question is from Eric Frankel of Green Street Advisor.
Eric Frankel: Just have a two part question. One, Tom, I am not sure if you mentioned it, but were the effect of the uniform guideline on same store portfolio construction have an '18 guidance. And by the way, I obviously appreciate you guys working on that together. And then the second question maybe for Hamid or Gene, I think multistory construction has become a much more popular topic in United States. Do you see any pitfalls for any competitors or peers in that strategy going forward? I know you guys are obviously thinking pretty thoughtfully about it.
Tom Olinger: Eric, this is Tom, I will go first. So the impact on our same store operating metric is about 40 bps in 2017. So if you look at on a comparative basis, 2017 under the new methodology would have been 4.2%. The midpoint of our new guidance under the new methodology for '18 midpoint is 4.5%. So we are seeing acceleration on a comparative basis on same store year-over-year.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay. And with respect to the multistoried product, I am not sure how popular it is. There are lot of people talking about it, my knowledge is there is only one multistory building being build in the U.S., but for sure overtime there will be more. We have got couple in the pipeline. And it's all about land value and growth pressures like the one Gene talked about in some of these infill markets that you know well. So I think there is more talk than action. These are not easy things to do. I mean eventually people will get the technology right but it's tough to find a 10 to 20 acre piece of land in a major metro area to build one of these things and all the mitigation measures and traffic and height limits and all that, really make it difficult to do this. So I think it's only in those markets where rents are sort of solidly in the mid double digits, mid to high teens, low 20s, that is penciled to do this kind of construction.
Gary Anderson: Eric, the only thing I would add which Hamid really implied, is that development schedule is much much longer. So this is an investment that requires a lot of patience and you are looking way into the future. So I think it's a different type of development. I am not sure a lot of people in this sector will ultimately jump in. Very expensive and very long schedules.
Hamid Moghadam: You know some of these things can be in the U.S. which is cheaper than Japan, can be easily $150 million, $200 million, and a couple of the ones we are looking at are $0.5 billion in investment. You know they are kind of approaching good high rise office type numbers and I am not sure there are that many people around that can right those checks.
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Catherwood of BTIG.
Tom Catherwood: Following up on NREIT, if I am remembering correctly, I think the talk was that your portfolio was roughly 14% below market on a leased basis. Given the 19% leasing spreads, kind of your share of those this quarter, what's that below market leasing looking like as of right now and how do you see it trending through 2018.
Tom Olinger: Thanks. It's Tom. So as I said, our current in place to market at the end of the year, 14% globally, over 18% in the U.S. Two things you need to consider, is roll and the composition of the roll and rent growth. Those are the two drivers of what that mark to market, how that will move. Looking into 2018, I think there is an arrow up on the mark to market just as we were going to have about 20% roll, and you look at the composition of that role. And as Hamid said, thinking about 5%ish global rent growth. So I think there is an arrow up on that number.
Operator: Next question, Vincent Chao of Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao: Just curious on the demand side, if you are seeing any shifts in where the demand is coming from over the past quarter or two. And maybe if you just give us your best guess for the year and maybe for the quarter. What percentage of your leasing has been more specifically for the ecommerce channel?
Hamid Moghadam: I will take that and others may want to jump in. So the customer segments that have been active really haven't changed much over the last couple of quarters. There has been transportation, construction, food and auto have also been strong and ecommerce as a percentage of the demand has also been fairly steady. And as we look out into this year, thats a tough thing to predict because there are several participants in that sector who have big plans for new distribution rollout. How much of that ends up being absorption in this year is really tough to say. But I would guess, on balance I would see an upper arrow for ecommerce in 2018. But those other industries I mentioned also very very strong right now.
Gary Anderson: Just to add a little something on Europe, European market continues to strengthen. As Tom mentioned in his opening remarks, we saw at least significant leasing activity in southern and central Europe, which is a huge positive for us. So demand is starting to pick up in those markets. I think the important statistics in Europe is that market vacancies are down to 5.5% and we are forecasting them to go even lower in 2018. So you should see increased opportunities for rental growth going forward.
Hamid Moghadam: I think construction -- I thin resi construction, resi related absorption is going to be higher next year, or I mean 2018 in the U.S.
Operator: Next question is from Nick Stelzner of Morgan Stanley.
Nick Stelzner: So occupancy decrease in America is for think [fifth] [ph] straight quarter. Can you provide some color on what's driving that and do you expect to inflect any time soon? Thanks.
Tom Olinger: Yes. I think if you are looking at owned and managed, you are going to see Brazil drag that down a bit. If you remember, we consolidated Brazil in the third quarter, and occupancy on that owned and managed portfolio was 78%, kind of staying there. We obviously think it was a great time for us to get in there and get that portfolio. And more to come on Brazil but I think we are definitely going to see a turnaround there in 2018. But when you look at the U.S. for example, in Q4 U.S. was a record 98% occupied. All time record.
Hamid Moghadam: I mean outside of Brazil the occupancy was very high. Very high in Mexico, I might add.
Operator: Next question from Joshua Dennerlein of BoA Merrill Lynch.
Joshua Dennerlein: Question on your development pipeline. Should we expect maybe a mix, a shift between spec and build to suit development going forward. I was thinking there would be more build to suit.
Mike Curless: Josh, this is Mike. Last year we did about 47% in terms of build to suit. As we look out over the next year, we expect to range in similar zone and I think why we are seeing those high levels of build to suits driven margin because of dearth of type of space our customers want to be, particularly in global markets. And we expect that to be a number that feels pretty solid for 2018.
Hamid Moghadam: Well, 47% historically is super high. So probably the number across the cycle is more like 25%. So I dont know of anybody get used to those kinds of numbers. We were surprised by that number being that high.
Operator: Next question from Steve Sakwa of Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: I know there has been a lot of questions on development. I guess Hamid I am just trying to think through the land bank and your desire to get the land bank down but also continue the development pipeline. How are you guys just sort of thinking about replenishing land today and what are you seeing in terms of land across and development yields on kind of new land being purchased.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, Steve. Our goal is to get down to two years of development of land supply and our development guidance, I mean it bounces around every year but you may -- actually you will remember that back in 2010, the dark days, 2010, 2011, I think the first analyst meeting we had as a merge company, we talked about development volumes being between $2 billion and $3 billion in aggregate. Not our share but in aggregate. And thats exactly where we are. We are now sort of around $3 billion in aggregate. And roughly the land that goes with that is about $750 million type of land. So about a quarter of the total investment volume. So if you literally want to own two years of land, thats about $1.5 billion of land and thats more land than we currently have on the books. Maybe not in market value but just in terms of book value. So we are pretty close to our long term goals with respect to land. We may want to push it a little bit lower but not too much lower than where it is because we need that land to support our business. Getting land is very very difficult today. In the markets that we care about the most. The exactions, all the fees that people pile on, the traffic mitigation measures and all that, are getting to be really hard. So some of these parcels of land, you got to work on for a number of years before you get entitlements for it. We are pretty fortunate that we have land for almost $8 billion, $9 billion of development on our books. But on the margin we have been adding land, call it at the rate of maybe $400 million a year and chewing through land at the rate of maybe $600 million to $700 million a year. So waddling down the land bank by $200 million to $300 million a year. And thats how we have gotten down to where we are. About $150 million of our land bank is what we call C and D category land bank. Probably more details than you care about, but those are essentially parcels of land that we inherited that we wouldnt have bought. And those things are slower to absorb. So you kind of mentally have to put $150 million of land bank on this side and say, look, we are not going to monetize that. We are going to over time sell it, probably to users and alternative uses. We chewed through a lot of that lands and that number was more like $450 million when this exercise started. So we are getting near the end of that but I kind of mentally figure out the best outside of the target land bank that we would like to have.
Tom Olinger: Steve, the other thing to think about from the land that you dont see show up in our land bank is our redevelopment opportunities. So when you think about multistory, thats going to go on land thats either sitting in the operating portfolio today or sitting down in other assets. I think we have done a really good job over the last four to five years of buying what we call covered land plays, which has some sort of income stream, whether it's a truck terminal or something like that, where we are going through entitlement, we are flipping a coupon. So thats over and above the $9 billion or $10 billion of development build out potential that we have that Hamid mentioned. So there is more redevelopment opportunity there than that just sits in the land bank.
Hamid Moghadam: Plus we have an increased emphasis on option agreements which will continue to add capacity to it.
Operator: Next question is from Jon Petersen of Jefferies.
Jon Petersen: As we are thinking about tax reforms and its impact on demand for warehouses, I am just curious as you talk to your customers, and I know you guys have a committee of customers you are talking. I am not sure you have spoken with them since the tax reform bill. But I am thinking about demand for leasing warehouse space and one aspect of it is expensing equipment over the next five years and if that might cause businesses to accelerate growth plans and buy equipment that will obviously need warehouses to go in. I know if you have any bigger thoughts on the tax reform bill or may be that specifically in what it means for warehouse demand.
Hamid Moghadam: So we essentially get two questions about tax reforms. One is the one that you asked and let me just answer that one. No, we haven't had a customer advisory meeting in January yet. So other than casual kind of decisions, we haven't had a really organized high level meeting with a bunch of customers to report any trends. But I think the net of the tax program is going to be that U.S. growth by people who know a lot more about these things than I do, is projected to be faster by about 25 to 50 basis points. So that additional growth is going to translate to obviously more demand for our kind of product. The second question, and I dont know what but I wouldnt be surprised if it's 30 million, 40 million feet more absorption if the product were there. I am not sure the supply is going to respond quickly enough for that product to be there. But I think it's going to be good for business. The other question we have gotten is, whether the tax act, the new tax act, is going to shift more of the demand to the middle of the country because the coasts got hammered in the tax thing because of salt and all those other stuff. On the margin, the 25% to 50% extra GDP growth is going to lift boats. I am not smart enough to know whether thats going to lift the boats in the Midwest more than the ones on the coast but I think all of those boats are going to be raised and there could be that some of the lower tax states and with lower residential cost and lower tax rates we get a disproportionate benefit. But I think pretty much everywhere will get a benefit as a result of that higher GDP growth.
Operator: Next question from Manny Korchman of Citi.
Manny Korchman: If we think about sort of shadow supply and maybe using the [same clubs] [ph] closures and conversions as an example of that. How much of that type of supply do you think about or worry about coming and disrupting maybe more sort of vanilla construction or is it down where you guys are doing.
Hamid Moghadam: Manny, thats a good question and I think thats a problem that certainly has hurt the office sector in the past at inflexion points. We got a pretty good handle on shadow space because we track utilization on a quarterly basis and we have done that pretty consistently for the last ten years. So we both have sort of period to period comparisons and actually absolute level comparisons. Right now utilization continues to be at the highest level it's been, within very few points of the highest level it's been. So there is not a lot of slack in the system and people are not hoarding space the way there were in the first dotcom in the early 2000s where a lot of people were just leasing twice as much as they needed in the hope of burying into it. I think people have been pretty disciplined after the global financial crisis and then as the vacancy rates went from 14% to 4.5%-5%, they just dont have the opportunity of doing that. So we dont think there is a lot of shadow space at all.
Operator: Next question is from Craig Mailman of KeyBanc.
Craig Mailman: Just two quick ones. I guess, first, on the 1.06 billion in non-core that you guys would still sell over time. Kind of what's the growth rate or internal growth rate on that versus the rest of the portfolio. And then second, just on the development starts, you guys are about 400 million higher on the initial guide here versus where you were last year. I guess I am just curious what the current visibility on the 2 billion to 2.3 billion at this point. And just a sense given, I guess the mix of built to suit to spec, kind of how we should think about margins.
Tom Olinger: Craig, it's Tom. On your first question regarding the relative return on what we are selling versus what our in place portfolio, I dont have those numbers readily available. But clearly the rent growth that we are seeing in our whole portfolio is substantially greater than the rent growth in what the non-core markets that we are selling.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. Historically that number has been about a cap rate differential of about 150 basis points across the cycle and a rental growth benefit of 250 basis points. So there has been roughly 75 to 100 basis points of free lunch, if you will, by taking it slightly lower yields in the more constrained markets and making it up in growth. I am not smart enough to know exactly what it is on the mix that we are selling. Mike, what dont you talk about visibility of the development?
Mike Curless: In terms of visibility, it's well over 90%. I would say thats as good as it has been since the merger which gives our confidence in our forecast year. And then margins, your question there, you should expect us in the mid to high teens and good solid numbers based on the level of activity as well too.
Hamid Moghadam: And Craig when you look at our share of starts, they are pretty comparable year-over-year.
Tom Olinger: Yes, maybe thats the confusing number. I mean the total development volumes are more like 3 billion and our share is in the low -- 2.22.
Operator: Next question is from [David Harris of Unit Plan] [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: I have a question on protectionism. Could you give some comment as to your thoughts on the impact if the United States would walk away from NAFTA? And secondarily, could you give also some comments on your thoughts over the Brexit in Europe next year.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, welcome back, David, haven't talked to you in a while. With respect to protectionism, obviously there is a lot of protectionism but as you know, we are not so focused on the production side of that supply chain. We are focused on the consumption side of that supply chain. So frankly as long as people in LA and New York and all that continue to have to feed and clothe themselves, I really dont care whether that inventory is coming from China or Kansas or Mexico. So we are really focused on where the consumption takes place and thats where we have chosen to concentrate our investments. I think if your concern is mostly on the production side which it would have to be because all kinds of interference whether it's trade interference or tax regimes or whatever can shift that around, I think you are probably better off talking to people focused on those strategies. I dont know much about that topic. With respect to Brexit, look a lot of people got all excited about Brexit when it was first announced as a surprise. I think our stock in one day went down five bucks but our occupancies in the U.K. went up and we had significant rental growth. And I would say the U.K. has slowed a little bit from that torrid pace back in 2016 but together with Germany it's probably, U.K. and Germany are the two best markets we have in Europe, and I would put them up against any markets anywhere including the U.S. So we have not really seen any evidence of Brexit having an impact yet and when it happens I dont think it's going to be material either. Because what happened is that Brexit scared away a lot of capital and a lot of development that would have occurred didnt occur. So the market actually ended up being tighter in the U.K. and I think that will continue.
Operator: Next question is from John Guinee of Stifel.
John Guinee: Another thing that came up, Hamid, my understanding is that Amazon has 30, 35 build to suits out there in the market which is a new prototype, much smaller footprint, maybe 100 to 200,000 square feet, but 75 feet clear height, multiple levels. Highly automated elevator systems. Can you comment on that prototype and how you feel about it?
Hamid Moghadam: So I can comment but I am going to let Mike comment because I am not sure what part of our discussions with them are confidential, what part of them aren't confidential. So Mike, why dont you talk about that?
Mike Curless: Yes, John, there is certainly a lot of buzz about the sizable rollout they have underway. But just to put some things in perspective, in any given year there is a massive amounts of RFPs that are suggested in those would could play out over a couple of years. This years, yes, a little big different. Some more unique approaches to the buildings. It's very early days on that and we are taking a hard look at that, just like we did to other buildings we have done at Amazon and to the extent they are very unique or we have the opinion that it would be better serve to sell those, we will certainly look at doing that as well. So very early in the process but you can always look at Amazon for being an innovator and we will keep up with them as well too.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. The only thing I would add to that, John, is that look, Amazon has pretty much got the same strategy we do. They want to be near where the consumers are. And those market are, I should say, we have the same strategy as them, Amazon. I suppose we went public earlier, so. But look it's kind of being harder and harder to find large plots of land that support single storey, 800 million square foot type buildings in these urban areas. So they need to be able to squeeze that much business into a smaller footprint by going vertical. And even in the 800 million square foot, they mezzanine them at three levels. So operating multiple levels with low clear heights are not anything unusual for them by any stretch. But I think the key point is what Mike of sort of mentioned. Any building that we do for Amazon or anybody else, we go through the analysis, do we want to own this building in a soft leasing market without Amazon renewing. And if the answer to that is that the building is fungible and divisible and we can lease it to a normal tenant, we keep it. If the answer is, no or maybe, we will sell those and there are planning people that want to buy that credit for 15 years. So there is not a shortage of capital for that kind of thing. And we have to do that otherwise they will end up being a very big portion of our portfolio and we kind of want to manage it to a lower number than our potential business opportunity with them.
Operator: And our last question is from Manny Korchman of Citi.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, it's Michael Bilerman. Hamid, Prologis has been a leader in sustainability certainly within the real estate industry but I would say across all corporate. I guess how do you sort of react and sort of what's the impact to the new tariff and taxes on solar panels. How does that impact your desire to get up to 200 megawatts of self-sustaining power? Is it generally impacting the U.S. or the other countries that you are doing it in? Things like that.
Hamid Moghadam: So, Michael, you know there are so many different proposals coming in the early morning of everyday that we dont really have the time or the ability to react to every single one of them. We will continue to have that commitment but as I have always said to our people, we dont do this stuff to go to heaven, we do this stuff because it's good for our customers and we can make money doing it. Sustainability is a good investment because in the long-term the life cycle cost of operating the building are more favorable to our customers and eventually that translates to rent. So to the extent that tariffs or anything else might change those dynamics on the margin, the economics will change and we will do less in some areas and more in other areas. Once there are some specific proposals to react to, I can probably give you a more clearer answer. But we have never been in the business of saying, okay, we shall have x megawatts of power on our roof and therefore we are going to do that, whether or not it pencils or not. It's always been an economic calculation for us. Michael, I think you were the last question. So thank you again for your interest in Prologis and we look towards to seeing all of you soon in the next couple of months. All the best. Take care. Happy New Year.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-29 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ron Hubbard - Vice President of Investor Relations James Connor - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mark Denien - Chief Financial Officer Nick Anthony - Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Manny Korchman - Citi Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets John Guinee - Stifel Nicolaus & Co Jamie Feldman - Bank of America Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan Michael Bilerman - Citi
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and standing by. And welcome to the Duke Realty Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode, and later there'll be an opportunity for your question. [Operator Instructions] Just a brief reminder, today's conference is being recorded. And I'd now like to turn the conference to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Ron Hubbard.
Ron Hubbard: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Jim Connor, Chairman and CEO; Mark Denien, CFO; and Nick Anthony, Chief Investment Officer. Before we make our prepared remarks, let me remind you that statements we make today are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. For more information about those risk factors, we would refer you to our December 31, 2016, 10-K that we have on file with the SEC. Now for our prepared statement, I'll turn it over to Jim Connor.
James Connor: Thanks, Ron and good afternoon, everybody. I'll start out with a few comments on the national industrial markets and then cover our third quarter results. Demand continues to be very strong across the US industrial markets, for the 29 out of the last 30 quarters, we've had demand out pace supply. Nationally we saw 61.5 million square feet of net absorption. Third quarter completions totaled 50.8 square feet, resulting in vacancy dropping another 10 basis points to 4.5%. Year-to-date net absorptions are 160 million square feet with completions totaling 144 million square feet. We expect net absorption to finish well ahead of supply by 10 million to 22 million square feet for 2017. This continued strong demand will push expected equilibrium to mid 2018 at the earliest. Each sellers' market fundamentals coupled with the strength of our regional operating teams contributed to a robust 5.9 million square feet of leasing for the quarter. Some of the more notable lease transactions were with customers such as XPO Logistics, Ford Motor Company, Valvoline, GELS Logistics, International Paper and Siemens. Of particular note is our continued success and leasing recently completed speculated projects, most notable is the 628,000 square foot lease with XPO Logistics in the Lehigh Valley, taking 100% of the new project placed in service. With the strong leasing activity and our stabilized industrial portfolio occupancy at 98%, we continue to be able to push rent as indicated by our rent growth on new and renewed leases of roughly 16%. We reported 2.2% growth in same property net operating income for the quarter. Same property analog for the nine months ended September 30 was 3.9%. Occupancy in the same property fuller properties actually declined 30 basis points from the previous period quarter of 97.7%. The previously disclosed hhgregg bankruptcy had a roughly 80 basis point drag on same store net operating income for the quarter. We have one lease signed of the three hhgregg spaces, totaling 738,000 feet and the second and third lease executions are eminent. I'm happy to report that we were able to grow rents and extend lease terms in all three spaces. On the development side of our business, momentum continues to be very strong. During the third quarter we generated $230 million of starch across five projects totaling 3.8 million square feet, that are 54% pre-leased in the aggregate. The new development starts including a build-to-suit project in Dallas with Wacker.com [ph], a 65% pre-leased project in Indianapolis with a major 3PL that is subsequent to the end of the quarter signed an additional lease bringing the building to 100% and two speculated projects in eastern Pennsylvania and Columbus Ohio. One additional notable development start was a 737,000 expansion tied to a recently acquired 794,000 square foot facility in the Inland Empire market. Our client Dcor Outdoor Corporation executed the lease for 100% of the space. We continue to see strong activity in the development pipeline and are confident to close our 2017 in strong fashion and optimistic about 2018. Our overall development pipeline at quarter end has 21 projects under construction, totaling 11.1 million square feet and has a projected 696 million in stabilized cost at our share. These projects are 63% pre-leased in the aggregate and our margins on this development pipeline continue to be in the 20% to 25% range. Now, let me turn it over to Nick Anthony to cover acquisition and disposition activity for the quarter.
Nick Anthony: Thanks, Jim. We had a very active quarter on both acquisitions and dispositions. I'll start with dispositions. Building dispositions totaled 301 million in the third quarter, including seven medical office buildings and three suburban office properties in Indianapolis, which completed our exit of the Indianapolis office market. After these transactions there are two remaining medical office properties, one of which should close this year. Turning to acquisitions, we closed 390 million during the quarter, including 156,000 square foot facility in the middle and sub market of New Jersey, two facilities in southern California totaling 1 million square feet in the mid count in Inland Empire west markets and one facility totaling 300,000 square feet in Chicago. In addition to these properties, we also closed the first tranche and agreement to ultimately acquire a 10 building two land parcel portfolio in some of the nation's best sell markets from Bridge Development Partners, a transaction that was in the media three weeks ago. The first tranche closed at the end of September and consisted of five leased up facilities, with two in southern California, two in south Florida and one in northern New Jersey, all of which totaled 290 million and 1.7 million square feet and are 71% pre-leased in aggregate. The remaining five buildings to be acquired in the Bridge portfolio comprised 1.8 square feet with the total at just under $300 million. All are located in northern New Jersey and are expected to close later this quarter. These remaining five products are showing just under 70% leased. The portfolio also includes two land parcels of undeveloped land in northern New Jersey, Midland and New York sub markets, for a total purchase price of 62 million upon which construction of two additional properties will commence later this year or early next year. The entire portfolio, when construction on the two land parcels is completed, will ultimately total 4.3 million rentable square feet with a total investment of slightly under $700 million. We agreed to the terms of the acquisition in April, at which point the properties were 58% leased in total. After assuming leasing responsibilities in July this year, we executed additional leases to increase the portfolio to 69% leased. In addition, we believe that rental rates have continued to increase while cap rates have also further compressed. Finally, I should note the definitive and future leasing prospects involve in the lease escalators at 3% and couple of long term market [indiscernible] produced favorable long term total returns. I'll now turn it over to Mark Denien to cover our earnings results and balance sheet activity.
Mark Denien: Thanks, Nick. Good afternoon, everyone. Core FFO was $0.30 per share for the third quarter of 2017, compared to $0.32 for the second quarter of 2017. The expected and temporarily dilutive impact of selling our medical office properties was fully reflected in the third quarter. We continue to use disposition pros fees to reduce indebtedness, paying off $149 million of debt in the third quarter, which included the previously announced repayment of $129 million, 6.7% unsecured notes that were originally scheduled to mature in 2020. We have significant built in capacity to fund our growth over the near and immediate term. In the near term, we have $513 million of proceeds from our medical office dispositions holding us grow, which should be used in the next couple of months to fund the acquisitions Nick just mentioned along with development activities, while completing tax deferred 1031 exchange transactions. Over the longer term, we have $426 million of notes receivable from these property sales, due to mature over the next three years to provide a source of funding for future development or acquisitions. They are currently at leverage levels that are much better than our credit ratings would indicate and have the capacity and intention to fund our growth with incremental debt. Our debt ratio is slowly rising back to pre-MOB sell levels and high triple-B levels by the end of 2018. I am also pleased to announce that a few weeks ago, we renewed our $1.2 billion unsecured credit facility and a 5 basis point reduction in our borrowing rate and a term extension to January of 2022, which provides further financing flexibility. Given our optimistic outlook, for long term AFFO growth and given our excellent balance sheet position, yesterday, we were pleased to announce $0.01 per share of 5.3% increase in our regular quarterly dividend. Even with this increase, our AFFO quarter ratio remains at a very considerable level of approximate 70%. Lastly, we plan to finalize and announce our special dividend by late November or early December and expect it to be within the range of previously communicated estimates. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Jim.
James Connor: Thanks, Mark. Let me re-emphasize once again how pleased we are having monetized the MOB portfolio and redeploying the capital into very high quality strategically well located industrial business, including the Bridge portfolio. As we stated a few times before, the blended stabilized yield we are achieving on the acquisitions, approximates the MOB dispositions cap rate. When combined with the proceeds being used to fund our development pipeline at significantly higher yield, our total redeployment will be highly accretive to FFO with better risk adjusted growth prospects. We expect to have the majority MOB proceeds reinvested by year end with an under levered balance sheet to fund the substantial portion of our growth in 2018. Lastly, I am pleased that our overall strong performance has allowed us to raise our quarterly dividend by 5.3%. This is the third consecutive year we are increasing our dividend in excess of 5%. We'll now open up the lines to the audience, we would ask that you keep the dialogue to one question or perhaps two short questions and of course you are always welcome to get back in the queue. With that we'll take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] our first question comes from the line of Michael Carroll. Your line is open.
Michael Carroll: Yes thanks, can you guys talk a little bit about the company's acquisitions strategy going forward. After the completion of the Bridge portfolio and as we move into 2018 and beyond, will you remain aggressive acquiring assets or do you just want to redeploy the MOB disposition proceeds?
James Connor: Well, Mike, we're always looking for value added acquisitions offered at acquisition opportunities. I think, given the cap rates have continued to compress, you'll likely see a slowdown in 2018. We are not giving guidance just yet, but I think logically as long as our development pipeline continues to be as large it is, and we can create substantially higher margins. I think you'll see us scale back a little on the acquisitions side, continue to look for vale add place, but try and fund most of the funnel, most of the proceeds into development opportunities.
Michael Carroll: Okay, then what's the lease up expectations on completing these acquisitions of the development projects, does that going to - how many - how long is it going to take?
James Connor: Yeah Mike, we generally underwrite around a year on average to lease up our spec element and/or spec acquisitions, I would tell you over the past 12 months or so, just given market conditions, we've been doing a lot better than that, but when we do or disclose underwriting yields, we're generally averaging about a year forl lease up.
Michael Carroll: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Manny Korchman. Your line is open.
Manny Korchman: Yeah Jim, just looking at the sort of lease roll, how much harder do you think you can push lease roll over's, even at the expanse of retention?
James Connor: Manny, that's a very good topic around here, I think we like many of our peers had said, we are going to continue to try and push even more at the expense of some our retention. We were at about 70% this quarter, 70.1 I think, which is down a little bit for us. But I think in reality when you got basically 4.5% vacancy across the country, there aren't a lot of alternatives like everybody is - I think the opportunity to put up some pretty good rent growth numbers, so we keep pushing.
Manny Korchman: That was all I had. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Ki Bin Kim. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks, good morning everyone or good afternoon. I had a couple of quick questions on your capital deployment. So, what are the things that's driving you to buy the key closer markets and I know, that's not a specific to Duke and other guys are doing it. But, what about buying in LA or New Jersey at mid to high four cap raisers, that's much more appealing versus buying something like in Chicago or Atlanta or Indianapolis at higher cap rate.
James Connor: Well, Ki Bin, there's a couple of reasons, let me answer I think your second point first which is Chicago or Dallas or Atlanta, we've been in those markets for a substantial period of time and we have a very large possession approximately 15 million square feet in each of those markets. We much rather redeploy our capital there into development, where we are making substantially better margins, we've got land and development teams on the ground there. One of the things that we identified as our need to grow in these Tier 1 high barrier markets and that's really the region you'll see us focusing our investment dollars in those markets. And those are the markets that will consistently give you, the highest rent growth and the lowest occupancy just simply because of the barriers to entry. And we found that opportunity in the Bridge portfolio and a couple of the other assets that we've acquired this year, to do just that, to redeploy capital into really good, brand new, high quality state of the art industrial in three high barrier locations. And it's very unusual to buy a portfolio of that size and not have to get some second, third tier markets. So, when the opportunity presented itself, the timing lined up really well with our MOB sale and we decided to step up aggressively. And as Nick alluded to in his comments, from the time we've shaken hands in April of this year, we continue to see cap rates compress and we continue to see rents grow. So, my expectation is at the end of the day we'll beat our projected underwriting when we get these buildings, all these buildings in service and all these buildings built and fully leased up.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, and if I look at your lease expiration schedule, compared to peers obviously a little bit lower, and some where it does create a little more challenge in terms of keeping up the things for NOI grow phase right because you just have less expiry. As part of the reason you have less expiration, just because lots of assets that you own today are development related assets, were the lease term is originally just much longer or have you guys still signing a longer leases, so that you might be able to change more proactively.
James Connor: Your observation is absolutely correct, in a rising market like this, we would love to have a little bit more space available to be able to push rents, as some of our peers do. But you are absolutely right, when you look at the makeup of our portfolio which is primarily larger bulk buildings, many which would run as a result of our development activity, ten year leases in the case of our million square foot facilities 15 year leases. We are happy to lock in that income with goods annual rent escalations built in, but the downside of that is, it times like this, you don't have as much roll. That's unfortunate. We've talked about that at meetings and conversations with our investors in the past. We are working diligently to engage anybody we can and early renew people and continue to push rents. And I think our guys have done a nice job at that. But I think, on the defensive, this portfolio, will outperform our peers over the long haul because we've got a lot less downside risk, given the quality of the buildings, given the length of the lease term and the annual escalations we've got built in. So, little tough today in the short term, but long term will be fine.
Nick Anthony: Yeah Ki Bin, I would just add one more thing to that. The tenants that we have in these newer bigger buildings, generally want the longer lease terms as well, so they will simply follow these terms and most certainly not to outturn our people to those [indiscernible] right now, thinking of the cycle.
Ki Bin Kim: Yeah, I get that. You can win on both sides. Alright, thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Jeremy Metz. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Hey guys, Jim I just want to go back quickly in acquisition, you mentioned obviously, you signed the Bridge portfolio during April, and since that time you've seen a lot, better rent growth, Nick mentioned it earlier, so just managing to put an offside buyers on those expected yield. So, I guess is that the right way, to think about this, in current expectations or maybe just in-conservative at this point, may be settling how much rank guards were you underwriting to get to those yields that's so they are actually higher now, given what we've seen on rent side.
James Connor: Well, so let me clarify couple of points, when we agreed with DEO and we underwrite the DEO, the terms of the DEO and our underwriting is frozen at that time. So, as we said, we agreed to terms on the Bridge portfolio in April, and those are the reported numbers that we put out. We know that the rents have continued to grow, and our internal expectations. All set, we will sign those leases at higher rates. We are not re-publicizing or re-evaluating the underwriting., we're going with the original underwriting that we have, which is why sitting here today we are fairly comfortable we're going to beat those expectations by leasing it up sooner or leasing it up at higher rents.
Nick Anthony: Yeah, in the 300,000 square feet that we have is so far has done about that performer, so that is optimistic.
James Connor: And that consistent journey you probably underwrite in respective element as well. And we do our course effective element; we also come to space with base run, we don't think future anticipate rental growth in those yield and we hope we get it and in often cases, we do the best we have in underwriting.
Nick Anthony: Which is still the case on the two land parcels.
Jeremy Metz: Very good, appreciate the clarity guys. Thanks.
Operator: Next, we have the line of John Guinee. Your line is open.
John Guinee: Great, I am looking at your balance sheet, Jim and Mark and there must be a typo, because you are down to a $140 million of undeveloped land, and another 27 non-strategic land. Are those accurate numbers?
James Connor: Yes, they are John, I think in total, we are under 200 million - for the first time anybody around here can remember and you might think that inventory is getting too low. We've actually acquired a 120 million of land this year; we've just put more of it into production than we originally anticipated, so, in most markets, we are out looking to take down additional land.
John Guinee: And when this all set and done, how is land - land is plug figure on any development budget? What are people underwriting their development pro forma in order to arrive at a land value, these days?
James Connor: Well, John I guess it depends, who's doing the underwriting and what their alternate goal is. You know, we are trying to create as much value for the shareholders over the long term as possible. If you are a small local developer, that's looking to sell the building either on substantial completion or lease it, you can probably live on much than a margin, so, it's all driven by the expected margin you want to receive at the end of the day, which you can prepare to pay for the land. And, we've commented before, land is more challenging today and it's more expensive and the entitlement and approval processes is more costly and time killing. So, we have to look at a lot of land sites and do a lot of homework for everyone that we do require and ultimately put into production, because there's a lot of challenging sites out there, that you can't opt out.
John Guinee: Yeah, the reason I asked the question and then on wealth, is that your development yield for '17 are still 68, 66 cash and 7 GAAP, which seems extraordinarily high, given what we are hearing is going on in the land evaluation world. Is this employing legacy land or is this all new land recently purchased at market?
James Connor: Well, John thank you for the compliment, we start to think that was a compliment. Well, it's a combination of both, there is some legacy land in there, we probably had on the books, could be as long as 10 years I suppose, but a lot of the land is land is that we had just bought, that virtually never hits the box, because its acquired, it's put into production, inside of the same quarter. And, you know, we've talked about, points about this in years gone by, but, you know part of our goals is stand around with not to mass of $ 1 billion land portion, but to take land down in much smaller pieces and put it into production. And, if somebody wants to buy a piece of land and they can't commit to putting a building a production inside the first year, then our attitude is you don't really need the land. So, it's combination of having change to the culture and some development activities by our local teams that I may have forgotten.
John Guinee: Great, thank you, talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Next, we have the line of Jamie Feldman. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: Thank you, Jim you had commented on the equilibrium getting pushed out to sometime in '18, do you have high visibility on that number or is it just because it's next year not this year. And how do you talk about the risks, could it even be '19 at this point?
James Connor: It certainly could be, but our visibility is the same as yours. We get market data from the, all the service companies CBRE, JLL & Cushman plus the market reconnaissance we get from our own development and leasing teams around the country. I'm looking at you know, demand exceeding supply by 10 to 25 billion square feet this year, looking at what the quarter by quarter numbers had been. I think, while we see the gap narrow from three years ago, that's why I'm saying, I think that will be the earliest it will be in mid 18. But, you know if we can actually do something right, and we as the collective we in this country and we can actually maybe stimulate GDP growth and keeping the subtle going on a little longer. You're absolutely right; it could easily be '19 or '20. And another point that I've made about equilibrium, equilibrium isn't necessarily a bad thing particularly when you reach equilibrium at 4.5% vacancy.
Jamie Feldman: Okay and then maybe your question we get a lot is just where are the restrictions on new development? Can you just, I know that your conversation changes now, to talk about the challenges of getting land, but, maybe just a frame how hardly it really is, to find new land sites, and get development in the process or maybe that's eased up more recently, if you could talk about that?
James Connor: No, I said we wouldn't tell you it's eased up, I think everybody is encouraged by the strong numbers that everybody continues to report quarter after quarter, and the market dynamics that we are seeing out there, continued absorption. You know from many of our customers that, there are real shortages of available stays around the country. So, people are continuing to build which is why you'll see the supplies of equation probably in the year and the 190 may be ups up to 200 millions of forfeit of new supply this year. But the demands are it's just significantly up pacing it, and our guys do a pretty good job of diligently being outsourcing land and being able to put that into production pretty quickly. We also, internally we do, we also get a jumpstart, we got infrastructure and pads and things like that, so that we show it at the relevant time, up on some projects. And that's, those are some of the things that keep us more competitive on the building the suite as opposed to some of our working building competitors that have to go out to acquire site. You know, we've got site that's ready to go, designed pad built and we can deliver building inside of a 120 days.
Jamie Feldman: Okay thank you.
Operator: And next we have the line of Eric Frankel. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Thank you, I was hoping to get a dig into the Bridge profile more detail, I know, you talked of the stabilized yields the portfolio, replicating the cap rate on the medical office portfolio sale? Is that the cap rate that your team quoted when that tells the price, worth the buyer quoted?
James Connor: No, we have our own sale numbers Eric. So, each one is a fourth sense, we have a watch at great news Eric.
Eric Frankel: Understood, understood thank you, I appreciate that. And then the 70% previous what I didn't appreciate when the sales, acquisitions was announced was that include the two land purchases, the ones that the ones that will get without, I can understand why they are in pretty tight market. Is that included in the pre-leasing number though, the two building to be built?
Nick Anthony: No, Eric. The land parcels are not included in that previous numbers.
Eric Frankel: It's not, okay but effectively more at 40% to 50% call it pre-lease or maybe more than 50% pre-lease if you include that.
Nick Anthony: Perhaps this land parcel is not placed in service until the fourth quarter of next year.
Eric Frankel: Okay, okay so, and is there the yield numbers for those are not included in the medical office comparable year?
James Connor: They are not included. We are just - they are just like any other portfolio land, that we would go out and which we are doing overtime now and then starting development right away. So, that'll be in our development numbers, once they get started.
Eric Frankel: Okay, I think the only other resource to confusion is related to the development land as we use the map, and how much we are allocating to both tranches. I'm getting to an estimated value of roughly a $185 million for those two developed parcels and you're paying $62 million of land that looks like a $140 per square foot for the construction cost. So, I'm just trying to understand about the value number and not the construction cost number, that 185 that I'm computing, and if my numbers are just completely screwing?
Mark Denien: It's a value on the land and construction cost on the construction cost.
Eric Frankel: Construction cost seems expensive, a $140 to an affordable square foot, is there like a lot of inside work we have to do, or it's just a .
Nick Anthony: Yes, there's a lot of side work and these are in very tight markets, one of them in the New York suburb and the other one is Midland on a very short note.
Eric Frankel: Right a bit construction causes, and that's different generally between those areas in any developed country, I'd like also some extraordinary light mannerism or something. But is there something there that I'm missing?
Nick Anthony: But there's also side work involved.
Eric Frankel: Okay, okay. I will jump back in the queue, I'm sure you'll have a lot more questions, thank you.
Operator: Next, we have the line of Rich Anderson. Your line is open.
Rich Anderson: Thanks, good afternoon, on the hhgregg you mentioned you got one of the three one of the 748, and you mentioned also there's been 80 basis point head to the same store number. Jim, you mentioned also, that you relieved at higher rates, can you give some color on how much higher and how long those lines? Does that mean in 80 that will have a full reversal of the same store impact, such that it won't be an 8 basis point head but maybe a 100 basis point opportunity or upside?
James Connor: Well, let me try to cover part of that, which I think we'll have a full reversal for the second half of '18 because essentially we are looking at the last half of '18 will cover no rent from those buildings. And we got leases either signed or out signature right now, such that rents will come in from all the spaces like early '18. So, when you get into the last half of '18, you will recover all of that 80 basis points decline, then you should have a little bit of decline. But on a full year basis, you are going to be pretty close so to even. So, we did have five months with the rent from the hhgregg buildings in the first half of this year. I would say the wrinkles on those three deals, we haven't got a couple of them signed yet, they're out for signature, but it's going to be pretty close to the average rent falls closing on everything else in our portfolio, we haven't run so close.
Rich Anderson: Okay, alright got you. Second short question is on the special dividend, you said in the range of what you said, could you say if you are tethering towards the $0.70 or the $1.15 based on what's going on within the company?
Mark Denien: If you have an hour and a half to listen to our catch skies [ph] -
Rich Anderson: I do, go ahead, I am ready, good.
Mark Denien: I am joking; I think it's going to be probably pretty close to the middle over range. I would call it middle range, or may be lower half, but at least, we still got some moving pieces out there from these 1031 exchanges, which is you know, pretty high capital that what we have lined up, that's going to happen, but we just need some passage of time, to get a couple of things knocked off the list. And then hopefully, later in November we'll be able to disclose something, but I think it will be not too far from the middle point range.
Rich Anderson: Okay, great thanks, very much.
Operator: Next, we'll go on to Michael Mueller. Your line is open.
Michael Mueller: Yeah hi, just a quick question on Bridge. The 70% pre-lease number when does most of that become rent paying and/or start to impact the financials?
Nick Anthony: A lot of it is - now, there will be a couple of months of burn outs, but by the end of the year, most of them will paying rent on 70%.
Michael Mueller: Got it, and then what's the anticipation for Tranch 2, when that comes on?
Nick Anthony: We're actually closed on two developments yesterday and we expect to close the rest in the fourth quarter.
James Connor: Yeah towards I would say, Michael, towards the end of the fourth quarter.
Michael Mueller: Got it, okay, that was it. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we have the line of Richard Schaller [ph]. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey good afternoon guys, just looking at the assets that you've completed on the development pipeline, high quality big box assets, what are your thoughts about taking some of these to market with cap rates compressing, are you guys still going to focus on similar non-core industrial asset sales.
James Connor: Hello Richard, I'll start and then Nick can chime in, so historically we've got a bit of that, we've taken some chips of the table so to speak, we've sold you know couple of the big Amazon deals and some others, with all this possessions we've done this year and having to pay special dividend. You know we are really looking to minimize that, we are in the final stages of putting together the disposition target list for next year. And again, you know managing that against, redeployment of capital and the special dividends. So, for a miracle we can give you any local call around the other markets or things like that.
Nick Anthony: Yeah, they put a lot of value creation on the development pipeline, but for the most part, we are just looking at it, in improved in non-strategic asset account forward in the market place and frankly se are seeing great pricing invests for non-strategic markets as a well.
Unidentified Analyst: That's helpful, thanks guys and on last quick question for me, I noted ion the real estate alert this week that CABED [ph] is bringing 21 million square foot, warehouse portfolio, this prices may be 1.8 billion or larger? Is it something that you guys are taking a look at or is that just too big, on the acquisitions focus on the development pipeline from here?
James Connor: Well, we look at everything obviously, just to stay abreast of what's going on in the marketplace and I would tell you given our size, I don't personally I don't think it's too big. I think when you look at the makeup of the markets and what percentage of the access are in the high barrier tier 1 market and the tier 1 markets, it' about maybe 25%, I know the high barrier tier 1was 17%, it's probably not the best fit for us. By coincidence there are some assets in there that that we sold them in the last five years, I don't generally like to buy stuff back at premiums. So, it's probably not a real good idea.
Unidentified Analyst: Sure, sounds good, thanks guys.
Operator: [Operator instructions] we'll now go back to line of Manny Korchman. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, it's Michael Bilerman, here. So, Jim, I don't know, maybe a theoretical I guess it's a theoretical question, but if you impact April, you weren't going to plan on sudden medical office and Bridge portfolio came to you, would you've done it at that pricing and issued equity to fund it?
James Connor: I think so Michael, absolutely. I mean, if you look at what we're strategically trying to do, grow in the high barrier tier 1 markets and quality of this portfolio and what's happened since then absolutely we buy it.
Michael Bilerman: And then would you say the same thing going forward, and using your equity currency and issuing equity to buy assets or continue that as a, I recon as a catalog portfolio that does not mean, but given the cap rate environment, there's probably a lot more stuff that's going to come out of the good work given the pricing levels especially your office [indiscernible]. Would you entertain using your cost of equity? You sold the medical office at unbelievable price and exited out of that, and used that as your proceeds to rotate, de-lever, give money back to shareholders and invest in these Bridge assets. I'm just curious how do you think - what your cadence will be in using your common equity to further this expansion?
James Connor: Michael, we will certainly look at it, we are trading at a premium to NAV, we like generally where the price is. I liked it little better two weeks ago then this morning, but generally if the quality assets and the markets that they are in, fit our profile and we are comfortable that we're not overpaying and that we could lease for a long term and continue to grow rents with annual escalations, we would certainly think about it.
Michael Bilerman: And then did Stockert actually attend the board meeting yesterday or you put-on, as he physically gone through a process?
James Connor: Is this one of those highly theoretical questions?
Michael Bilerman: No, no I'm just, I'm just curious - I mean, I'm curious what his mind set is? Having lost the company seventeen years ago, right, coming back in, his perception is what it was versus what it is, is just a really interesting thing to have? And I'm sure if Ray Weeks came back, he would have a pretty interesting view of where this combined company is, sitting by the office assets, but.
James Connor: Yes, David did attend the meeting; our crack is when we are bringing a new director on, is we do invite them to that first meeting even though they are not officially on the board, they don't have the opportunity to vote, but we do get them inducted in, so Dave in fact was here yesterday and it's great to welcome him back. He's been gone for 17 years.
Michael Bilerman: And is there anything, any sort of insight that he was able to bring to the table, having the perspective - having been in the business a long time ago and sort of seeing where the company in the industry is today?
James Connor: We brought Dave on not because of his history with the company 17 to 20 years ago, but for his more recent experience running post, his M&A experience, his perspective on corporate governance, so that's really what we look at in terms of Dave's skills to round at our board. Is to give us a little more public company real state CEO perspective and we think he's going to be a great addition.
Michael Bilerman: Last question, any purchase options, how many sort of exists within the portfolio? Was that some name should be mindful of at all?
James Connor: Very, very few, I would tell you that we probably had about one a year exercise for the last three years. So, we are generally not good at giving purchase options.
Michael Bilerman: Yeah, I didn't know if any of these merchant developers may have given that right - and from the leases, [indiscernible] you've inherited more?
James Connor: No, that really impedes the value for a buyer, ourselves included, if somebody's built that into the deal, so we and most of our competitors find that pretty difficult, find that pretty hard.
Operator: And next we have the line of Jamie Feldman. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: Thank you, just a follow-up here. So, you're looking at your guidance for 700 million to 9000 million of starts in '17. When you look around your markets, do you think that's the number you can hit again next year?
James Connor: I think if market fundamentals are consistent next year with what they did this year, and what our outlook is, yeah, I think that's realistic. If you look a little higher, then our last few years we've been running probably closer to 700, the last few years. But we've been able to rent a few more build-to-suits and our leasing has been a little bit better than we expected. So, I think that's why we were able to increase our guidance at the July meeting. That helps.
Jamie Feldman: Yeah, definitely and what do you - of the starts you have this year, what percentage is the build-to-suit and do you think that goes up or down next year.
James Connor: I don't have that handy Jamie, we just track the per-lease percentage of build-to-suits partially pre-lease buildings and then leasing is done while the buildings are under construction is included in that 63%. My guess of it is probably 40% to 45%.
Jamie Feldman: Anything that's sustainable?
James Connor: What's that?
Jamie Feldman: Anything that's sustainable into next year?
James Connor: Yeah, we are, you go back and look at the last three or four years, the reason our preleasing percentage has been as high as it has and higher than most of our peers is because of our build-to-suit activity. That's good land and the quality of the people that we've got on the ground, as opposed to spec development. We've consistently told our investors, we are going to keep that pre-leasing percentage about 50% and being able to do build-to-suits and substantially pre-lease buildings certainly helps that.
Jamie Feldman: Okay and then thinking about the building blocks for next year, the color on hhgregg was helpful, but did you say 3% advance for the Bridge portfolio or across the entire portfolio, on a cash basis.
James Connor: Jamie, that's consistent with both today, that's what we are getting on Bridge, that's what we're getting really everywhere today. Our existing portfolio is close to the 22 in the quarter, the legacy leases within our portfolio, we average about two quarter, obviously that average is trending up a little every day as we keep building leases at three.
Jamie Feldman: And what would you say is the blend for the entire portfolio, closer to like 275?
James Connor: No, no right now, it's a two and a quarter today, so it all depends on leasing activity from here until whenever you're looking at it, but on a 130 million square feet, it will take a while to move at 75 basis points.
Jamie Feldman: Got it okay and then what do you think your mark-to-market is for your '18 expiration?
James Connor: For '18, it's probably going to be somewhere to what we are at today, in fact in the high teens.
Jamie Feldman: Oaky and then Ray, you feel like you are pretty fully occupied at this point, right?
Unidentified Company Representative: I think so, it's hard. As Jim said, our same property occupancy went down to 97.5% or whatever it is, it went down 30 basis points. So, I think on what I would call that stabilized portfolio, 124, but we do have a lot of upsides in the newer development and acquisition properties. That's just putting our overall occupancy down. So, I think we are a little bit different than a lot of peers, only about 80% to 83% of our NOIs in that same property pool. We had a lot bigger pool of these newer properties to have a lot of NOI outside. So, I wouldn't say we are full up on occupancy overall, we're probably full up on occupancy on our current same property. That makes sense.
Jamie Feldman: Yeah that makes a lot of sense. Okay great thank you.
Operator: [Operator instructions] we'll next go to the line of Eric Frankel. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Thank you, I'll try to keep this brief. Just in the same store portfolio, I know the expense growth was pretty meaningful. Can you just comment on that trend and obviously I assume that the rapid new lease and net lease, I can understand that mechanically, how that works with high expanse growth and how it refines to revenue growth in this quarter. Is there a mismatch in terms of timing?
James Connor: I didn't hear your first query, so, you're asking about the entries in seeing property expenses?
Eric Frankel: Yes, I apologize if they would say it didn't come through.
James Connor: No, I just didn't hear. So, it's really mainly around real estate taxes. A little bit of an increase this quarter from assessments as you would expect probably, but on top of that even more of it because of some refunds we got in the prior period. And I would suggest what's driving a pretty big, whatever it is, 4.5% give or take increase in expenses. It's really real estate tax related. The refund over the prior year and upward assessments in the current year has very little impact on overall NOI because all of that is 98% occupancy level give or take, whether it's a refund or pass back to the tenant, it's an increase in expense, we generally get it back from the tenant, so it has very normal impact on NOI. You'll see a revenue number that went up a lot lower than the expense number and that's just a shear factor of the denominator and the expenses being a lot more together, call a million dollar change in expenses divided by the expense number as a lot higher percent in that same million dollar change on a higher revenue number. So, that was the little bit of a disconnect on the percentages, but I would tell you, it was very negligible on overall NOI.
Eric Frankel: Okay, I'll keep to one here. Nick, just related to hhgregg, any other tenant credit concerns just in terms of bankruptcy, has anyone - it's essentially lengthy watch list or any other proxy for measuring credit quality that we should know about?
James Connor: Well, we have a very expensive for rating the credit and tracking, anybody that will be concerned about. We always wanted, we've talked about this before, is we have a Sirius lease in the Lehigh Valley in Pennsylvania and we are all watching Sirius. The good news for us it's the appliance division, which is probably the only division inside the Sirius that makes money. So, we've had them on the watch list, but beyond that we are in really good shape.
Eric Frankel: Is it Barnton [ph] in your portfolio though too?
James Connor: Barnton is in our portfolio.
Eric Frankel: Okay. That's it from me, thanks guys.
Operator: At this point, we actually have no further questions here in queue for us.
James Connor: I would like to thank everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to re-convening during our fourth quarter and full year call generally scheduled the same time on Thursday February 1, 2018. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for this afternoon. We thank you very much for your participation and for using our Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-18 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracy Ward - SVP, IR and Corporate Communications Tom Olinger - CFO Hamid Moghadam - Chairman and CEO Gary Anderson - CEO, Europe & Asia Chris Caton - Global Head of Research Mike Curless - Chief Investment Officer Ed Nekritz - Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel Gene Reilly - CEO of the America Diana Scott - Chief Human Resources Officer
Analysts: Dan Occhionero - Barclays Capital Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Manny Korchman - Citi Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI Jamie Feldman - Bank of America Nick Yulico - UBS Sumit Sharma - Morgan Stanley John Guinee - Stifel Nicolaus Blaine Heck - Wells Fargo Michael Mueller - J. P. Morgan Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Jon Peterson - Jefferies Tom Catherwood - BTIG Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to the Prologis Q2 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Cynthia and I will be your operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Tracy Ward. Tracy, you may begin.
Tracy Ward: Thanks, Cynthia and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2017 conference call. The supplemental document is available on our Web site at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning, well hear from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results and guidance and Hamid Moghadam, our Chairman and CEO, who will comment on the Companys strategy and outlook. Also, joining us for todays call are Gary Anderson, Chris Caton, Mike Curless, Ed Nekritz, Gene Reilly, and Diana Scott. Before we begin our prepared remarks, Id like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry, in which Prologis operates, as well as managements beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filings. Additionally, our second quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO, EBITDA and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg G we have provided a reconciliation to those measures.  With that, Ill turn the call over to Tom, and well get started.
Tom Olinger: Thanks, Tracy. Good morning, and thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. Ill cover the highlights for the quarter, provide updated 2017 guidance and then turn the call over to Hamid. We had another strong start with core FFO of $0.84 per share, which included net-promote income of $0.18. Net promote income came in above our guidance due to higher real estate values in our USLF portfolio, as well as $4 million promote from our FIBRA that was not in our forecast. Core FFO, excluding promotes of $0.66 per share, up $0.03 sequentially, driven by same-store NOI growth. We leased almost 47 million square feet during the quarter and have just 4% of the portfolio rolling in the second half of the year as our customers are securing space well before their leases expire. As weve discussed on previous calls, our strategy has been to push rents to maximize overall lease economics. And as a result, occupancy could decline modestly. Our operating results reflect this strategy. Global occupancy at the end of the quarter was 96.2%, a sequential decrease of 40 basis points. Market rent growth exceeded our expectations, which help drive our share of net effective rent change on rollover to a record 24%. The U.S. was 29%, the sixth consecutive quarter above 20%. Our share of net effective same-store NOI growth was 4.6%, primarily driven by releasing spreads. U.S. led the way with growth of 5.2%. Moving to capital deployment for the quarter. Development starts were the highest quarterly level in the last several years at approximately $900 million. Margins on both starts and stabilizations continue to be very good at over 20%. Dispositions and contributions are on track as buyer interest remains strong and cap rates continue to compress. Recall, weve been focused on streamlining our ventures into fewer more profitable vehicles. Id like to discuss two transactions that further this initiative and highlight our unique ability to source capital through this business. First, as previously announced, we entered into an agreement to acquire the remaining partners interest in our Brazil platform for approximately $360 million; second, after quarter end, we contributed $2.8 billion in U.S. assets from our former NAIF fund to USLF at stabilized cap rate of 5.4%. This valuation was structured to be consistent with the buyout of the remaining NAIF investor in the first quarter of this year. Investor interest was very strong and USLF raised over $950 million from 14 new and existing investors to fund this transaction. We received cash proceeds of $720 million and additional units valued at $1.2 billion, which increased our interest in USLF from 14% to 27%. Our current ownership leaves us with another $1.3 billion of built-in liquidity as we redeem our position down over time to our long term target of 15%. Turning to capital markets. We continue to access debt globally at very attractive rates. We completed $2.9 billion of financing activity with the vast majority denominated in sterling and yen. As a result of this activity, we extended our term, lowered our rate and increased our U.S. dollar net equity. Leverage, following the USLF transaction, was approximately 25% on market capitalization basis and debt to adjusted EBITDA with gains was less than 4.5 times. Our balance sheet has never been stronger with liquidity of $3.7 billion and significant built-in capital from future co-investment rebalancing. As a result, we're extremely well positioned to self-fund our future deployment for the foreseeable future. Moving to guidance for 2017 which I will provide on an our share basis. We're increasing the midpoint and nearing the range of our year-end occupancy forecast to be between 96.5% and 97%. We now expect same-store NOI growth for the year to be approximately 5%. Cash same-store NOI growth should be over 6% for the year as a lag from longer lease terms and steeper rent bumps begins to close. Given the increase in market rents, our in-place leases are now under rented by 13% globally and 17% in the U.S. This further builds our organic earnings potential and will drive strong NOI growth for the next several years. Given continued strong demand from customers, we're increasing our starts guidance by $200 million to range between $1.8 billion and $2.1 billion, built-to-suits will comprise about 45%. We're also increasing our disposition and contribution guidance by $250 million in total. Full year deployment guidance excludes the contributions to USLF and the planned acquisition of our partners interest in Brazil. Our strategic capital net promote income will be $0.16 for the full year as we have no other promotes scheduled for the remainder of 2017. Again, I want to highlight there'll still be a difference in the timing of promote revenue and its related expenses. We will recognize $0.02 of additional promote expenses over the balance of this year. Putting this all together, we're increasing our 2017 core FFO by $0.05 at the midpoint and nearing the range between $2.78 and $2.82 per share. The main drivers of our guidance increase includes $0.03 from higher promotes and $0.02 from core operations. Our revised guidance, excluding promotes, represents year-over-year increase of 9% at the midpoint. To wrap up, we had a great quarter and are entering the second half of the year with strong momentum. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Hamid.
Hamid Moghadam: Thanks, Tom and good morning, everyone. I'd like to spend my time with you today sharing my perspective on the current state of the industry and trends that will affect its future. Market conditions in the U.S. continue to be very strong. We remain vigilant in monitoring potential risks to development starts and oversupply. During the first quarter, we called out several markets with elevated construction starts. But this trend did not continue into the second quarter. On the margin, were now even more positive on fundamentals. We're hoping our 2017 forecast as net absorption is constrained by the lack of available space, but we're slightly increasing our expectations for both supply and demand in 2018 when the higher volume of completions will offer more space for customers to absorb. Supply and demand will effectively offset one another and we expect to remain at historic low levels of vacancy. As we discussed at the outset of 2017, we expect that the rate of market rent growth to moderate as the rent cycle matures, and the difference in performance between the best coastal markets and the rest of the country to expand. Our forecast is proven to be too conservative as record low vacancies mean customer have limited alternatives. We see increased activity from our customers and a greater willingness to pay up for quality spaces and locations. Our initial forecast for 2017 called for market rent growth in the U.S. of 4%. Instead, rent growth is on pace to approach 8% this year, driven primarily by high barrier coastal markets, such as New Jersey, Los Angeles, Seattle and the same Cisco Bay area, where we have dominant market positions. Outside the U.S., market conditions are also favorable and the institutional capital continues to chase logistics product, driving cap rates to all-time lows. On the operating side, notwithstanding the quirky quarterly end occupancy stats which doesnt reflect the additional 450 basis points of leasing we've already completed, Asia remains in line with our expectations. Europe experienced record net absorption and weve seen surprisingly limited development starts on the continent. The election result in France is constrictive for economic expansion, which is expected to read nice growth. The UK is the one market that has called slightly and it's coming on several years of exceptional fundamental. Recently, Ive been fielding many questions on drivers of demand for our product and would like to offer a few observations. I think of demand in three categories; consumption, cyclical and structural. Historically, our business has been highly correlated with consumption and serving basic daily needs as populations grow. This includes categories such as consumer products, food and beverage and apparel. These segments will continue to expand in line with population growth, shifting demographics and consumer confidence. Requirements for our space are also driven by spending on segments that are more closely tie to economic cycles, like residential construction and autos. Logistics space needed for residential construction will increase as the housing recovery accelerates. Housing starts still need to rise by 30% to normalize to a level consistent with population growth. By contrast, we're keeping a close eye on the auto segment as declining sales may dampen growth. Net-net, the changes in housing and autos should be a positive for demand. The remaining drivers are structural and involve fundamental changes in the way businesses operate. E-commerce will remain the most significant of these drives as shopping habits continue to shift online, and will be future energized by millennials for entering their peak spending years. We do, however, expect that the 3x multiplier on demand from e-commerce, that weve identified in our research, will decline overtime as customer become more efficient and online sales cannibalize some of the space required by bricks-and-mortar retailers. Lastly, I want to highlight healthcare as a potential new structural driver in the future. We expect its category, which currently represents only 4% of our space, to grow as baby boomers age. In closing, I feel great, even better than last quarter, about the trends that will drive ongoing demand for logistic space located close to end customers. Our portfolio and strategy will further bolster our performance. With that, let me now turn it over for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Craig Mailman with KeyBanc. You may begin.
Craig Mailman: Maybe if we could hit some of your commentary on leasing and rent growth here. Maybe if you could just give us a little bit of color, where you are seeing tenant spike for spaces at only in infill locations, or is it more like Inland Empire market? And then maybe you could also address the 3X multiplier decline there. Is that a function of some of these ecommerce guides Whole Foods, Amazon type deal where theyre just going to buy brick-and-mortar, and do more of a hybrid model over there?
Hamid Moghadam: Let me take the last part of your question first, and then I'll turn it over to Eugene and Gary to talk about the first part. The 3X is coming down really for three reasons, one, their infrastructure is going in for us. So obviously, there is a lot of space demand. And then the sales are going to follow. So the online customers are squeezing more volume through the warehouses and theyre getting more efficient in how they use their footprints. There are also technologies emerging that are going to make returns smaller, as smaller portion of returns better fit, better sizing, et cetera, et cetera. Weve talked about that, obviously, virtual reality and augmented reality are two big ones that overtime will affect the return ratio. So those are two biggies. Also, when you get the 3X expansion of ecommerce, you were getting cannibalization on the bricks-and-mortar end. So you have the offset of the 1X happening at little bit later and with a delay. So I think overtime it is likely for that 3X to end up being somewhere in the low 2s, but thats going to be a decade long process. So still very positive, still any multiple bigger than one is a strong tailwind, and we think it's going to stay way above two, and it's going to take a long time to gravitate that. Now, let me turn over to Eugene and Gary.
Eugene Reilly: So on the rent growth question, in the U.S., we have pricing power in lot of markets. In fact, we have pricing power in most. And most U.S. markets are in 6% vacancy range or lower, and thats where your pricing power is. But clearly, the global coastal markets, as mentioned in the preliminary remarks, are leading that. And to give you a sense of it, the first half of this year leasing rent growth in those markets at nearly 7% just in the first half of the year. And they all trend towards 10% the year. So no question, more power there and good example of the L. A. County thats a billion square feet of real-estate that has about 1%, so tremendous pricing power.
Gary Anderson: And then in terms of the markets, I'll discuss on Europe real quick. The Northern European markets are very strong, Germany, the Netherlands, the UK is still quite strong. Candidly, I would say that companies are starting to compete for space on a broad base basis across Europe. It's one of the strongest markets that I've seen in quite a while. Market vacancy rates across Europe have dropped to 5.6%. They've got a down wheel on them as we approach the back half for the year. So we're now in a position where we're actually pushing rents. So our own portfolio is performing well. Were over 96% occupied and rate change is starting to come through positively in almost every market. So it's a very good story.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan Occhionero with Barclays. You may begin.
Dan Occhionero: Two question. Number one, can you just touch on the strategic rationale behind increasing your exposure in Brazil? And secondly, could you just elaborate a little bit more on the difference between leased and commenced occupancy in Europe and Asia, and what specifically drove that?
Hamid Moghadam: So let me talk about the strategy for Brazil. Nothing new that we, like the Brazil market, that theres long-term fundamentals. It's been a tough two years, following three or four years of excellent performance, two years of slowdown. We think it's a great entry point into Brazil in terms of doubling down. The currency is very attractive and fundamental are kind of at the bottom of the market. And the political change that they went through and the rule of law and it worked, and that's pretty unusual in many countries. I was going to say Latin America, but may I'll drop the Latin point and just talk about America. So I dont know, I just think that in terms of entry point, it's very attractive. We wanted to control the platform also because eventually were going to recapitalize it. And we need to own 100% of it. So for a variety of reasons, this was a good time to try to accomplish this objective. Gary, you want to talk about
Gary Anderson: On the leased occupied spread in Europe, there is not a big new story that were sitting at 96.2% occupied and got a 60 basis points spread to for a lease percentage. So typically, you would see some upward movement in occupancy with that greater spread. The real news is in Asia, particularly Japan. If you look at page 16 of our supplemental and you see the Japan today is 92% occupied, but 96.1% leased, that's more than 10 basis points spread. And the story is a simple one. We had a single 1.2 million square foot building, a speculative building that we leased but the tenant had not occupied the building before it moved into the operating pull from the development to the operating pool. So you should expect not only the Japan occupancy to tick up in the third quarter but all of Asia above 95%, so no real big news there.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. You may begin.
Ki Bin Kim: Could you just talk a little bit more about your development pipeline? I noticed a bigger percentage point to expect, I know it's just one quarter and not really a trend but I wondering if you could comment on that. And tied to that, I noticed the development yield is coming down little bit further across the regions.
Mike Curless: You hit on a key point there, development stars relative to those is definitely very lumpy, 77% in the first quarter, 35% in the second. Over the year, that 45% as Tom mentioned, thats indicative of where we see this heading for the year. And in terms of yields, we focused on margins and you see our margins in the 20% range. And through the first half of the year and through the balance of the year, those might normalize a bit into the high teens as we chew through some of the less expensive land. But we feel pretty good about those margins.
Operator: And our next question comes from Manny Korchman with Citi. Your may begin.
Manny Korchman: Can I just go back to your commentary, and realizing that things are outperforming your expectations; what has sort of changed in the 12 weeks since we last spoke that youd go from talking about oversupply in a few key markets to, no it's not really oversupply anymore. By the way, we think youre delivering some continue, and not only that were going to increase our starts and the proportion of those starts is going to remain 55% spec. So how do we put that all together over the course of time since we last spoke?
Hamid Moghadam: Nothing about supply that I talked about last quarter has changed. You will see a rise in supply in the first quarter in those markets that I indicated on the last call. So that elevated level of starts that we saw will translate into those projects that were started, hitting the market in the first quarter of next year, that remains. What has changed is that that elevated level of starts did not continue in the second quarter. The level of deliveries in the second quarter was actually in a little bit lower than the norm, in line with norm but little bit lower than the norm. So thats pretty easy to put together. With respect to our rent expectations, we call them as we see them. I mean we went into the year thinking that after multiple-year of almost double-digit growth and the rents nearing replacement cost that it was prudent to be banking on less rental growth, and thats what we indicated in our internal planning. The reality is that in the markets, particularly the coastal markets, its becoming very, very difficult to get built in the space. And remember the buildings are getting bigger, much bigger in the cycle. These buildings require lot of land, transportation areas are getting bigger. So all of a sudden, it is very hard to find flat large sites in these large metro areas, and thats driving pricing power, because product that already exists there is becoming very scarce. So again, we see them as we call them. And it could be back here next quarter, talking about higher or lower rental growth. We dont have a perfect crystal ball.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. You may begin.
Steve Sakwa: I guess just sort of follow up on that. I mean, if supply and demand are roughly in equilibrium next year and the vacancy rate, I think, is probably getting closer with 20 or low. Is there any reason to think that rent growth next year wouldnt look very similar to rent growth in 17? And I guess secondly, I noticed the occupancy drop in Japan. I am just wondering if I missed any comments on that. Could you just touch on that? Thanks.
Hamid Moghadam: The occupancy drop in Japan is a blip, the quirky number in the other quarter. Weve actually leased that vacancy of a building that came online and the lease is signed, but it doesnt hit the occupancy statistics till next quarter. So that number, if we were reporting here, that would be 450 basis points higher. And as Gary said, the occupancies in Asia are going to be north of 95%. So dont even spend a moment on that one. I dont know what rents are going to be. It's kind of like predicting the stock market to a certain extent. I think all Im telling you is that the momentum is really good and we are feeling -- we were good last quarter. I got tired of every quarter saying this is the best quarter in my career. And Im just saying I am even feeling much better than the way I felt last quarter. And the interesting thing about all of this is that with every passing quarter, we have leases that are expiring that were signed at the bottom of the downturn. So you would expect that our mark-to-market would shrink. But given the pace of rents accelerating, our mark-to-market is expanded actually and that expanded mark-to-market not only means that rents are strong today, but it means that the recovery, the glide path for the next three or four years looks really, really positive as we absorb those mark-to-markets. So I think the runway has been certainly extended and somewhat elevated, whether it will continue to get more and more elevated, were just going to have to wait. But were feeling pretty good.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jamie Feldman with Bank of America. You may begin.
Jamie Feldman: Tom, going back to your comments, so I think you had said cap rates continue to compress across markets. Can you give more color on where youre still seeing that and whats driving it? And then also, can we expect to see more large-fund transactions in the future, like Brazil and the North American one that we saw?
Hamid Moghadam: Let me take that last one. You know that our goal is to get to down to one open-end fund in every major region, and we have two in Europe. So that will be a good place to look, not for certain, but thats the one that have rationalization I see. Tom, you want to take
Tom Olinger: On the cap rates, were seeing cap rate, Id say, modestly decline in the U.S. probably 10 basis much lower Q1 to Q2; probably expect similar levels in Europe but given some transactions that we expect to close; in the third quarter, we would certainly expect Europe more expansion and contraction start in Europe in the second half of the year; in Japan, given some pending transactions as well, we would expect top rates to continue to go lower; and with our other pending transactions that are rumored to be potentially closing in third quarter; in Asia, I think it would also be another strong indication of compressing values for assets, but Id also say how asset management business get valued.
Hamid Moghadam: Well, let's be specific on that. I mean logically were basically traded at about 10% to 12% higher than what our internal carrying value for, once adjusted for quality and location to our own internal portfolio. And that leads to in a quarter roughly of NAV increase. We and you are looking for more details on the GLP transaction. But the couple of estimates that were out there on this trade were at 260. Actually thats their IFRS carrying value on their portfolio, which is mark-to-market and the rumored price is 330, something. So there is a 30% difference there in valuation. So I'm not saying that -- we don't have perfect visibility in business transactions, but those bode very well for values outside the U.S. So the cap rate compression issues are much greater or the compressions are greater outside the U.S. than they are inside.
Tom Olinger: Jamie, one thing I just would add. What's really driving the compression, particularly in the U.S., is rent growth. And I think given the trajectory of rent growth, higher rents, higher rents are causing valuations to go up and cap rates the cost of that for higher growth expectation.
Operator: And our next question comes from Nick Yulico with UBS. You may begin.
Nick Yulico: Just looking at your re-leasing spread on a cash basis is highest you've reported this cycle. And you talked about rent growth being even better in the U.S. this year now on track for 8%. So hoping you could give a little bit of perspective on how your mark-to-market spread might look for remainder of this year and even heading into next year?
Tom Olinger: So if you're talking about mark-to-market for rents, basically where we are right now looking at our re-leasing spreads, if rent is growing market rents are growing more than 4% or 5% that spread will expand. And that's what we saw in the first half of the year and that's opposite of what we expect. So this year for sure, it'll stay where it's at and maybe expand a little bit. But that's a bit of a threshold that I want to keep 4% or 5% in excess of that you're going to see the mark-to-market.
Hamid Moghadam: Our mark-to-market in the U.S. has gone from 15% to 17%. The overall has gone from 12% to 13%, 14% today as we sit. If those trends continue, it could approach 15% as we crossed into 2008.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sumit Sharma with Morgan Stanley. You may begin.
Sumit Sharma: Hamid, to your comments on the 3X number, I agree, I think it should over time tend to go down just as the supply chain models achieve greater operating leverage. But what caught my attention was you said returns would be one of the variables that bring it down slightly. I guess if returns are just 30% of ecommerce gross merchandize volumes, and my sense was this was always on the fringes of the supply chain with facilities being located away, more labor, everything that points to a sleepy corner of warehouse land. I'm struggling to understand how this materially moves the demand variable, or did I misread your comment?
Hamid Moghadam: No, I think the returns are very space intensive, because the inventory needs to be accepted unpacked, restocked and all of that is labor intensive and space intensive. So as technologies allow fit to get better, particularly with the apparel, I think returns are going to go down and that on the margin will affect the amount of the space in the warehouse that's devoted to handling returns. So that's really what's going on. But that's a very long process. I mean some of these technologies I'm talking about don't really exist today, or they exist in very limited ways.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Guinee with Stifel. You may begin.
John Guinee: Great, okay
Hamid Moghadam: Let me just say that that was absolutely the best rendition John that I've ever heard.
John Guinee: Tracy is going to allow me two questions I'm sure. Refresh my memory, Hamid, have you turned 60 yet, because your stock just did?
Hamid Moghadam: Unfortunately, I lost that bet. Ive turned 60 about nine months ago.
John Guinee: And then second, Tom, your revised net earnings estimates about 280 a share. Are you able to shelter all those gains via 1031s, or would we expect your $1.76 dividend to increase, one way or another?
Tom Olinger: No, we do not expect any special dividends we can shelter that income. The big increase that you're seeing in our EPS guidance is the expected gain, book gain on the USLF transaction, thats about $0.87. But we can defer that gain, because the vast majority of that gain, we sold down roughly a third part of the $2.8 billion we put in there. So the other is just basis switching out from direct ownership to indirect ownership. So that gets sheltered.
Hamid Moghadam: But I think the gist of your question is still valid. It is not a piece of cake to manage or dividend around here. Were devoting more and more time on deferral strategies, 1031s and all that. I'm not a big fan of special dividends, but we try to make our dividend policy to be pretty stable, reliable and consistent as it's been in last couple of years.
Operator: And our next question comes from Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo. You may begin.
Blaine Heck: Just wanted to touch on the increase in development start guidance. Hamid, given what you're seeing with higher than expected rent growth and also what's on the horizon is our supply and demand dynamics are concerned. Do you think this case of starts that you're guiding to this year is sustainable into next year, or do you think this is likely to be the peak level for you guys?
Hamid Moghadam: I think in the depths of the downturn or shortly thereafter in 2010-2011 time frame we had an Analyst meeting in New York and at that time thats even before the merger, we said that the responsible level of starts given our global platform is going to be between $2 billion and $3 billion depending on the day in the cycle. And thats been where weve been, sometimes it's in the low 2s now it's approaching mid to high 2s. We make the development decisions from a bottoms up opportunities identified in the marketplace. We do not sit around this table with the executive team and say, we will drive to, I dont know, $3 billion of starts. I think that approach was tried in previous cycles and what shows in that be a very successful way of doing developing. So bottoms up, deal-by-deal and they have to pass a very rigorous test for market conditions and competitive set and the like. So thats a long winded answer. I dont really know what development starts are going to be next year, but well have a better idea of when we rollout guidance towards the end of this year. Mike, if I were going to guess, I would say it would be between 2 in the quarter until now. Its really tough to find win in some of these markets.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. You may begin.
Michael Carroll: Can I also, the last question, look like the Company is being a little bit more aggressive starting projects outside of the U.S. with about half of the deals in Europe and Asia year-to-date. Is there anything to read into that?
Hamid Moghadam: In the last 15 years, this is a little secret of our business. Two thirds of our starts have been outside the U.S. and about 75% of our value creation has been outside the U.S. And I just am amazed that I get questions about why youre global, because we make a lot of money developing outside the U.S. There is no logistic supply chain much smaller than the U.S., so the opportunities and the run way is actually pretty big outside the United States.
Gary Anderson: Just to add, I would say, the markets are very tight. And if you look at the first half of the year for us in Europe, we started 11 buildings -- we started 13 buildings, 11 of them were built-to-suits. So theres just not space available for our customers so were having to build it. And I would say in China the market dynamics are good for speculative in Japan were doing more built-to-suit as well. So it's a pretty well fostered strategy, I would say.
Hamid Moghadam: Probably what Id point out is that while there was a quite a bit of international activity this quarter, the long term next several years that has end up at 45% Americas, 25% in Europe and 30% in Asia, which is pretty consistent with our vision 2020 long view. So give you a perspective on how that looks over the long haul.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Mueller with J. P. Morgan. You may begin.
Michael Mueller: Real quick one, back at Brazil for a second. Can you comment on what the pricing was at a buyout? And I guess that the plan is to ultimately recapitalize it anyway, whether the partner that wanted to sell or can you just give us a little more color on that?
Hamid Moghadam: The partner, I dont think it really wanted to sell, but their primary focus is on their other businesses, retail and office. And I'll let them speak for their strategies, their reasons for selling. We see the opportunity as a really good opportunity, and so did they. But they also see significant opportunities in the other sectors where they can execute better. So also the strategy of recapitalizing Brazil, weve talked about this for a number of years. And it's consistent with what weve done in China and in other platforms in terms of really building a private or public capital vehicle for owning assets long term, particularly in markets where currency hedging and the like are difficult and the debt markets are not very developed. So we want to manage our currency exposure as well. So all of those things will lead you to a strategy of controlling the platform and then recapitalize it. Tom?
Tom Olinger: Michael to your question, so from a yield perspective think about cap rates for operating assets, stabilized operating assets, cap rates for the nine in front of it. We also acquired land as part of this. So I think the yield on combined basis for the four investments we will make is going to have a seven in front of it. And when you think about total NOI from Brazil going forward after we close on this last transaction for Brazil, well be around 2% of our NOI our share.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, I just wanted to be clear, that seven is a combination of operating assets at the nine and then construction in progress and then land inventory. So all of it blend in together, including non-income producing assets are in the seven, one other thing that I would just mention, because it's related to your question. Although not probably directly, the ability for Prologis to source capital around the world and match it with investment opportunities around the world, it's pretty unique because if you would look at the quarter, we bought out our business, our partner in Brazil and we source capital in the UK. Now, within those two things that fund each other directly, because we manage obviously each debt and asset and liability in each country to manage our currency but if you really think about it, we were able to borrow money in the 2s before for a dozen years in the UK and deploy it in the 9s in Brazil at what we believe to be a pretty low point in the currency. Were not in the currency speculation business, but it's certainly a lower point than the past couple of years in the cycle. I think that's a pretty unique platform that allows you to do that. And I'm not sure that's totally appreciated out there.
Operator: And our next question comes from Eric Frankel with Green Street. You may begin.
Eric Frankel: Just two quick questions, one is regarding the NAIF recapitalization and contribution to the U.S. logistic funds. The 5.4% cap rate I would assume that's significantly higher than our overall U.S. portfolio. Can you just provide maybe a mix of global and regional markets for that portfolio? And then second, can you explain in accounting terms the difference between your GAAP or you GAAP same-store NOI growth and recapturing high growth? Thank you.
Eugene Reilly: I can give you a sense of the cap rate. So that cap rate is at appraised value cap rate, because that was our deal for buying the last tranche of NAIF. And our deal with new investors was that they'll get the same pricing and we turn that around in like 120 days by the way. So let me just take -- I think this is what youre looking for. So this cap rate is 5.4%, the apples-to-apples cap rate at the same time of USLF is 5.1%, and the apples-to-apples cap rate for all of Prologis is 5.3%. All of those cap rates are now 20 bps, 30 bps lower something like that. As far as the -- I can't give you a market-by-market breakdown, but NAIF has much more exposure to regional market versus global markets than USLF and so that explains. Hopefully, that answers your question.
Gary Anderson: Eric, on the net effective versus cash same-store NOI, if you just think about over the last several years, we've been building occupancy and rents have been growing significantly. And concessions have been coming down. However, we have been building a significant amount of free rent up over the last several years, because we're signing much higher dollar value leases, concessions are less, longer leases as well. So they are not on the free rent that we have been building up thats been growing pretty significantly. Now that were in a period where occupancy is pretty consistent year-over-year for sure well be there in the second half, as well as the length of our leases are now pretty consistent. We start to see that build-up of free rent online so that significantly starts to add to your cash same-store NOI. So if you just think about having a three-year lease with straight line rent of one month in every year and now you sign a five-year lease and you have half of year straight line rent per year, the nominal amount of your free rent in that five year lease is going to be bigger, so you'll see a hit when that lease rolls. But once you burn through that, your cash growth comes up significantly. So that is whats happening. I think youre going to see the same dynamic happen into 18. So when we talk about whatever our same store growth is for 18, net effective, you should expect to see cash same store above that.
Hamid Moghadam: Let me just add one thing to what these guys said. When the cash was lower than GAAP, you heard from us many times that really that is what you need to pay attention to, because thats closer to effective rents. Let me say that when cash is greater than GAAP, thats still same answer still holds. We pay a lot more attention to GAAP around here. We really provide the cash number, because you guys want it but we run our business based on effective rents.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank. Your may begin.
Vincent Chao: I know we spent a lot of time talking about market rent growth, but just curious, I mean, it seems that your customers should be at all time high in terms of cost of occupancy. I know its not a huge percentage of their business. But is there any benchmark that we need to be thinking about in terms of how far rent growth could go? And then maybe as a coruler to that question, last quarter, you talked about customer retention, which was a little bit lower. Just to make sure you are pushing rents as much as you can, and they were up a little bit here in the second quarter. Is it safe to assume that you havent quite found that leading edge of rents pushing rents?
Hamid Moghadam: Let me answer your question this way. We had a leadership meeting around here, and we track the reasons why we dont retain a customer; they wanted too much space; we didnt have space to accommodate them; they wanted to shrink; they went out of business; so like four or five standard reasons why customers dont renew. One of them you would think would be because they found space cheaper down the street from somebody else. We could not find one example of that in that quarter. That tells me when were pushing rents hard enough. So that we started really, really pushing rents on the margin, because until you start -- by the way, if you love our customers and dont want to lose our customers. But I mean if were retaining all the customers that can be retained, that means were not testing the edges of rent growth. And were beginning to do a better job of that. I wouldnt say it's perfect yet. But the pricing pay for that is that your retention rate on the margins is going to come down a little bit. That is totally a price were willing to pay.
Gary Anderson: And Vincent to your first question on, are we at prior peak rents in some markets. Yes, we are. That was a decade ago. We are 35 % below the last market peak inflation adjusted thats a point. So in terms of -- the price of everything else has gone up, but the customers have had a tremendous bargain for the last 20 years because cap rate compression has given a bargain on rents at the cost of the capital market. So theyve got long ways to go before they reach real term rents even forget about the peak, but even going back to 1980, real rents are way, way down. So I think this could be a longer term phenomena. But I dont want to speculate about it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Richard [indiscernible] with Baird. You may begin.
Unidentified Analyst: You touched about it at the beginning of the call, but I wanted to dig in a little further on the Amazon acquisition of Whole Foods and any potential impacts on their requests for industrial space. As your largest customer, have you seen any changes in their request for the specific specifications in the industrial building? And are there any asks of them where you put your foot down and say no, were not going to go there. And secondly, how far are you willing to move down the supply chain to the nearest mile-delivery facility in order for them to accomplish some of their same day 2-hour delivery objectives?
Mike Curless: Richard, with respect to the Whole Foods acquisition, we view that as a real positive for industry reinforces the strategy of getting close to your customers, which clearly weve been doing for some time. So I think thats a good thing in general. And we see them getting more and more active in this business as they compete with major players in this field, namely Walmart and this activity should pick-up and resolve in more activity for logistic players like ourselves and others. In terms of working on, here implication is every single Amazon requirement out there were very selective on when we work with them. The buildings that end up being a little bit more specialized, we look at selling those. But by enlarge most of business we do with Amazon is in our generic buildings, its very releasable and its based that we feel like we can use very well. In terms of going down to the last mile, our buildings that could fit in that requirement in our infill location, certainly, are good candidates for that and we will pursue those opportunities as they come up.
Hamid Moghadam: Our strategy to go infill multi-story intensify these sites that were executing on in Seattle, as you know, the Francisco Bay Area and New York with the former ABC Carpet business, all of those are multi-story buildings are in attempt to get closer to the customer and take advantage of intensification of urban land, which is very scares. So thats going to happen whether Amazon leases those buildings or somebody else does, weve seen a lot of demand for those types of facilities, modern facilities.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jon Peterson with Jefferies. You may begin.
Jon Peterson: So you guys made some comments that youre pushing rents harder which is why occupancy tick down a bit this quarter. So I think I also heard Hamid note that the quarter end occupancy number was quirky, and youve already seen 450 basis points of leasing in the third quarter. So Im trying to put those comments together and figure out whether we should expect occupancy is trending higher or lower, what the magnitude is, and what exactly the 450 basis points of leasing mean?
Hamid Moghadam: The 450 is singing one lease in one building that came online, following its stabilization period that was only 10% leased, thats now 95% leased. And it's only 4.5% increase in Asia. It's just one building in Japan.
Mike Curless: So that was the quirky comment.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, that was quirky. Maybe I should have used better terminology. In terms of our overall strategy, particularly in the U.S. and to a lesser extent in Europe, you should expect our retention to trend down and our occupancy on the margin to trend down a little bit, maybe 100 basis points and our rental growth to be higher than it would have been, as we manage 96%, 97% occupancy and not pushing rents that hard.
Mike Curless: But its not a perfect sign. And certainly, the numbers from quarter-to-quarter and move around, but thats what were trying to do. What were trying to do is be tougher on rents. By the way, no matter how tough we are on rents, we cant charge above market rents. So obviously, these are market rents that tenants are pay. It's just that they're higher than what we thought previously.
Hamid Moghadam: The only comment that I would make with respect to calendar year 2017 is that occupancy probably going to stay relatively flat, certainly going into the fourth quarter and even trend up a bit. And the reason is that we really have very little to lead -- very little role.
Mike Curless: We only have 4% of role.
Hamid Moghadam: So U.S. is more of a long term cadence about where occupancies might go over a period of time.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tom Catherwood with BTIG. You may begin.
Tom Catherwood: Circling back to USLF and the strategic capital business. When it comes to rebalancing your funds, what is the trigger? Are you able to time the rebalancing to match fund new investments, or do we see a gap between rebalancing and putting those funds to work?
Hamid Moghadam: Well, we try to match it with investment needs. I mean, certainly, in a place like USLF is today with 27% ownership and -- by the way it's 27 on a big number, I mean that's a $9 billion fund now. So 27% of that is 12 points higher than our 15% where we want to be. So as opportunities come up and we need the capital that's how we dollar cost average out of that fund. By the way, if people think we know how to top-tick that stuff and be really through to that doing that, we don't. I mean it's much more of a strategically driven decision than valuation driven on the last margin. I mean, generally in the next couple of quarters, we're going to be pulling that capital out. And by the way, there's a lot of demand for people who want to invest in that fund. So I think those two things meet well.
Mike Curless: And mechanically it's within one quarter. We can execute the redemptions on the quarter.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, from when we want to take a quarter to do it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Craig Mailman with KeyBanc. You may begin.
Craig Mailman: Just one quick follow-up, I'm not sure I'm thinking about this right on same-store here, if only 4% rolling. I mean, can you pull forward a meaningful amount of expirations from '18 to keep the trajectory on same-store on the GAAP base? Or is that the fall off into the back half of the year? And does that just mean that the spread between GAAP and cash widens, or does cash trend down follow it as well?
Tom Olinger: From a same store perspective, as Gary said, we don't have a lot to place to same-store. The really only variable on same-store in the second half is really going to be on the margin with occupancy, thats whats still little role each time the vast majority of what's going to get -- what's going to go in service. So that's happening. I think when you think about the same-store in the second half for our midpoint is going to be 4.8%. And when you think about that number that has all rent change. The first half of this year and prior years, we've seen a boost in our same-store from occupancy gains. Occupancies are now leveling off. So it's all about rent change. So when you think about 18 rents, same-store should accelerate, because as Hamid said, we have built up in-place to market is -- that gap is wider, which means our rent change on role in '18 is going to be higher than our rent change in role in '17, that's gapping out. So that has to mean our same-store NOI will be higher in '18 than we're going to see in the back half of 2017. So that's really what's going on.
Hamid Moghadam: And surely we will pull some leases into the last quarter of leasing like we always do. By the way, the reason the 4% is 4% is because we've already dealt with a lot of those vacancies that by the way is rolled over, and been additive to that 4%.
Tom Olinger: And so dont be surprised if you see leasing volume be slower in the second half of the year, because were going really from now on, were working on 2018 lease renewals.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jamie Feldman with Bank of America. You may begin.
Jamie Feldman: Two quick follow ups, one is, looks like you had a spike in turnover cost on leases signed. Can you talk about what happened there during the quarter? And then also you commented that UK market is cold slightly. Can you just talk about expectations for the UK going forward, and what's driving the pull back?
Eugene Reilly: So basically we just had a very high percentage of leases take places in the U.S., the turnover costs are higher. On this metric, I would just point out that over the years, 16 to 17, our turnover cost as a percentage of the lease value is really how we look at it, has increased. But it's down between 50 and 100 basis points in '14 and '15. So we actually feel pretty good about the trajectory there.
Gary Anderson: Hamid mentioned in his remarks that the UK was moderating a little bit, what is really referencing our market vacancy rates. So if you look at the market vacancy rate today in the UK, it's sitting at 5.9%, thats pretty good. It's actually fallen 50 basis points from a year ago. But in this specific quarter, it actually backed up by 20 basis points. So we had a light leasing quarter. So thats really the comment that we're making. What does it mean to our portfolio, literally nothing. We're sitting at about, well, we're sitting at 100% occupancy. Last quarter, we were at 99.5% occupied. We still have long-term leases there, very little role. I candidly wish we had more role because that is one of the markets in Europe where we are significantly under rented to the tune of 10% or 11%. So no bad news for us, but I guess what were trying to say is let's watch closely what happens with respect to net absorption in the third quarter and what happens with market vacancy rates in the UK.
Operator: And our last question comes from Sumit Sharma with Morgan Stanley. You may begin.
Sumit Sharma: Hamid, you mentioned it was difficult to acquire land and you mentioned there are challenges of that land and such. So to which I would like to point you to this asset class, called malls. So did you guys -- would you guys buy them all on portfolio falls, or did you buy a mall anyway anytime?
Hamid Moghadam: I think thats a lot of question. But as you, probably when you were in high school, we actually invested in malls and in the retail sector and in '99 for that business. But all things aside, there is got to be lots of stages of grief between realizations dealing with the changing values. We cant afford to buy -- first of all, there are lots of good malls and theyll do well and I dont want to be negative one really good malls. But there are certainly some power centers and malls that should be there and theyre two anchor malls and they could be great logistics land. I think the value expectations of the owners and the realities of the economics of our business are pretty far and far. I think it will take a couple of years with those expectations and realities to match up. But I venture before too long. Youll see some still anchor Class B malls converted into logistics buildings, that is not too farfetched at all and we're definitely looking at some of them. I think that was the last question. And again, thank you for taking the time to be at our call and we look forward to talking to you in the coming months. Take care.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-18 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracy Ward - SVP, IR and Corporate Communications Hamid Moghadam - Chairman and CEO Tom Olinger - CFO Eugene Reilly - CEO, The Americas Gary Anderson - CEO, Europe & Asia Mike Curless - CIO Diana Scott - Chief Human Resources Officer Ed Nekritz - Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel Chris Caton - Global Head of Research
Analysts: Rob Simone - Evercore ISI Sumit Sharma - Morgan Stanley Blaine Heck - Wells Fargo Jamie Feldman - Bank of America Nick Yulico - UBS Tom Lesnick - Capital One Securities David Rodgers - Robert W. Baird John Guinee - Stifel Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Manny Korchman - Citi Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Neil Malkin - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kim, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Tracy Ward, you may begin your conference.
Tracy Ward: Thanks Kim, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2017 conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning, we'll hear from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results and guidance and Hamid Moghadam, our Chairman and CEO, who will comment on the company's strategy and outlook. Also, joining us for today's call are Gary Anderson, Mike Curless, Ed Nekritz, Gene Reilly, and Diana Scott. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filings. Additionally, our first quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom, and we'll get started.
Tom Olinger: Thanks, Tracy. Good morning and thanks for joining our first quarter earnings call. I'll cover the highlight for the quarter, provide updated 2017 guidance and then I'll turn the call over to Hamid. We had a strong start to the year with core FFO of $0.63 per share, which exceeded our expectations by little over $0.02. The outperformance from all areas of our business with $0.01 from operations, a little less than $0.01 from deployment and the remainder from strategic capital. Asset quality and location have never been more important as supply chains extend closer to major population centers. Our portfolio is well-positioned to take advantage of this secular shift toward the end consumer. We leased over 39 million square feet during the quarter, down from last year as we were effectively running out of space to lease. Global occupancy at the end of the quarter was 96.6%, an increase of 50 basis points year-over-year. Notably, occupancy in Europe increased 180 basis points over the same period to 96.7%. Our share net effective rent change on rollover was a very healthy at 19.6%. U.S. was 29.2% an all-time high in the fifth straight quarter above 20%. Our share net effective same-store NOI growth was 5.8% for the quarter, driven by higher releasing spreads and a pick up in average occupancy. U.S. led the way with same-store NOI growth of 7.1%. Our same-store pool does include development completion that are available for lease. Excluding these development assets, our same-store would have been 5.1% on a global basis for the quarter. Moving to capital deployment, we had an active first quarter. Margins on stabilizations and starts remain very good and build-to-suits were 77% of our first quarter starts. Dispositions and contributions are on track. Fire activity remained strong and market cap rates depressing slightly. As a result, we're accelerating disposition timing. We completed several transactions in our co-investment ventures during the first quarter, further streamlining our business. We sold our investment in European logistics venture generating $84 million in proceeds. Simultaneously we combine those $600 million venture into our targeted European logistics bond resulting in a vehicle with $3.2 billion in assets. In the U.K., we formed a new $1.3 billion development to hold venture, generating $213 million in proceeds. In the U.S., we acquired our partner's remaining equity interest in our North American Industrial Fund or NAIF for $710 million and currently own a 100% of this $3 billion vehicle. Finally, we acquired an additional 25% interest in our Brazilian platform for $80 million and currently own 50%. We expect to recapitalize our ownership in NAIF over time, providing us with about $1.8 billion of future incremental liquidity. All of this activity is consistent with our plan to rationalize our funds into fewer differentiated vehicles. We now have 10 funds down from 20 in 2012. During this same period, we significantly increased our third party AUM and corresponding revenues and now over 90% of our fees from -- 90% of our fees from these vehicles are perpetual life. Turning to capital markets, during the quarter we completed two-yen financing, underscoring our ability to access the global capital markets at very attractive levels. This included recasting our 50 billion revolver at a 40-basis point spread over yen LIBOR and we completed a 12 billion unsecured loan at a fixed rate of 95 basis points and a term of over 10 years. Our leverage increased to 36.7% on a book basis at quarter end as a result of deployment timing. However, we expect to work this back down below 35% by year-end. We ended the quarter with $3.8 billion in liquidity and remain well positioned to self-fund our future deployment. Moving to guidance for 2017, I'll cover the significant updates on our share basis. So, for complete detail, refer to Page 5 of our supplemental. We're increasing our forecast for year-end occupancy to range between 96% to 97%. We're also increasing and narrowing the range for same-store NOI growth to between 4.5% and 5.25%. The impacted development completions on our same-store pool is less than 50 basis points for the full year. Our in-place leases continue to be 12% under rented globally and this will be a significant driver of NOI growth forward. Cash same-store NOI growth should be higher than net effective by over 100 basis points for the year as the lag from longer lease terms and steeper rent bumps begins to close. There is no change to our 2017 deployment guidance; however, you should note that the acquisition of the remaining equity interest in NAIF is not included in these amounts. For strategic capital, we now expect net promote income for 2017 to range between $0.12 and $0.14 per share. The increase of $0.06 at the midpoint is due to rising property values from higher-than-expected rents and slight cap rate compression. I want to remind everyone that there will be a mismatch between the timing of promote revenue and its related expenses. As a result, in the second quarter, you will see a net promote of $0.13 to $0.15 per share with the remaining expenses recognized over the balance of the year. Our 2017 estimated core FFO was fully hedged relative to the U.S. dollar and we've already hedged most of 2018 and almost half of 2019. We also remain well insulated from foreign currency movements impacting NAV as we ended the quarter with over 93% of our net equity in U.S. dollars. With the strength and operations, higher promote and higher deployment, we're increasing and narrowing our 2017 core FFO range by $0.10 at the midpoint to between $2.72 and $2.78 per share. The components of the raise are driven by $0.06 from promote, $0.04 from operations, $0.01 to $0.02 from net deployment timing offset primarily by slower development leasing in Brazil. Our revised guidance represents a year-over-year increase of 7% at the midpoint or 8% higher excluding promotes. The success of our strategy of having the highest quality assets and into locations is evident in both our financial and operating results. 2017 is off to a great start and we remain focused on continuing to drive growth while further simplifying our business. With that, I'll turn it over to Hamid.
Hamid Moghadam: Good morning, everyone. As you just heard from Tom, we had another great quarter. The strategies we put in place years ago, combined with strong market fundamentals and relentless exclusion by our team will lead to continued good performance in the foreseeable future. In my commentary, I'll touch on some nuances on the margin, but the basic message is that our business is strong and absent an external shock, we expect it to remain that way for quite some time. Looking at the current market dynamics, following a period of accelerating demand last year, the U.S. industrial market levelled off to a more sustainable pace in the first quarter. Demand was broader than just eCommerce and was driven by other sectors such as housing and transportation. This picture would have been even stronger but for several retailer bankruptcies. Turning to supply, I would like to flag a few markets where we see some risk. In the U.S., strong demand and sub 5% vacancies seem to have encouraged elevated levels of spec development in some regional markets like Indianapolis and Louisville as well as larger markets like Dallas, Houston, Atlanta and Southern California's Inland Empire. Public REITs have remained disciplined, accounting for just 16% of spec start in the first quarter. By contrast the handful of merchant developers, backed by institutional capital are fueling this wave of development. After seven years of demand outpacing supply, we still expect to reach equilibrium in 2017, but given the number of new starts underway this year, we now expect supply to slightly outpace demand in 2018. Nevertheless, it's key to remember that a market in equilibrium at 5% vacancy still translates into pricing power for quality properties in the right locations. For us Europe continues to benefit from the favorable supply-demand balance and record low vacancies, especially in the U.K., Germany and the Netherlands. We expect Europe to boost our growth starting in 2018. Development in Europe remain disciplined in the first quarter and in our case, 100% of our starts in the region were build-a-suits. The exception to discipline in Europe remains Poland what its low barriers to development and builders who continue to lower investors with artificially inflated headline rents. Recently I fielded many questions about the potential of -- potential relocation of manufacturing activities and its impact on our business. I'd like to remind everyone that starting more than a decade ago, we began to realign our portfolio towards major population centers to take advantage of the consumption power in these regions. With very few exceptions such as the border market in Mexico and a tiny piece of our business in China, our holdings are oriented towards the consumption, not the production end of the supply chain. As a result, our logistic real estate is increasingly the last touch on goods before they reach the customer. While we're monitoring policy developments around the world on tax and trade, we remain as convinced as ever that our focus on high barrier markets where land is scarce and new development is expensive and where more than 85% of our portfolio is located will help us deliver strong relative performance over time. To conclude, we continue to have a positive outlook for 2017. Our strategy to own top-quality logistics real estate in sought after locations near consumers has never been more relevant. Over the next few quarters, we'll continue to show how quality and location can create a strong foundation for sustainable earnings growth in the years ahead. With that, I'll turn it over to Kim for your questions. Kim? Operator? Can the participants hear us? Is there a way somebody can send one of us an email or something? I don't know what happened to the operator.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Rob Simone. Your line is open.
Rob Simone: Hey guys. Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking the question. Hamid, did I hear you right that you expect supply to outpace demand next year?
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah best guess, I think demand will be in the low 200 million feet in the U.S. and supply, which is not a lot of guesswork by the way. You kind of know what supply is going to be out in 12 months and the 14 months. I think supply is going to be like 230 million to 245 million. So maybe
Rob Simone: Oh! Sorry, I was going to ask do you guys have a view for kind of what that may mean for the pricing environment and your roll up?
Hamid Moghadam: Nothing. In terms of our forecast, we were pretty much counting on supply exceeding demand in their sub 5% vacancy market in 2018, 2019 timeframe and we're not really saying anything new. We just don't want anybody to be surprised when supply finally responds to demand. And the issue is I would say focused on maybe five or six market and if a few players.
Rob Simone: Okay. Great. Thanks. I'll queue up again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sumit Sharma. Your line is open.
Sumit Sharma: Sumit Sharma, but that's okay. All right.
Hamid Moghadam: I think it was worst.
Sumit Sharma: I've heard it, yeah. So, it's okay. All right so Sharma is on. Okay. So, we've been -- we've been tracking some of the demand for logistics assets in Europe and I guess across the world and have recently noticed more discussions on last mile delivery, particularly as it works in the Continent. I think Amazon was out over the week -- in the headlines over the weekend with some 1300 last mile warehouses needed in Continent I guess. So just wanted to get a sense of how your portfolio, specifically the European portfolio is positioned in terms of last mile versus let's say bulk? And second, I guess how does the CBRE co-venture equal into this equation as it applies to the U.K. side of things?
Hamid Moghadam: Okay. That was two questions but since they -- they destroyed your name, we're going to let you go away with it. So, let me start with the last one first. The U.K. joint venture is purely the reason for it is that the capacity of our existing funds to absorb completed product is limited and our U.K. development machine can produce some very good assets at very good margin. So, we needed a home for our excess development volume in the U.K. and that was the purpose of forming this center. So, it's very, very simple. With respect to the last mile industrial real estate, let me give you the cynical view and my view because there are two views out there. The cynical view is that everybody is calling. They're not so great real estate, that old obsolete, poorly located last mile and putting some shine on it to get better cap rate execution on sale. I can assure you that's not what we're doing. We are very deliberately going after the last mile opportunity by actually investing in infill sites in major metro areas around the world, but specifically in the U.S. and Europe and to redevelop and densify assets to do multistory buildings in these land-constraint locations. In fact, we had our ground breaking on our first property of this type in the U.S. last week in Seattle and you can expect us to have further announcements of these kinds of properties. And if you remember, we basically had two company strategies coming together. Before the merger AMB was very much and more of an infill large market player. Prologis was much more of a bulk player. We have now rationalized those two portfolios coming together by reducing everything down to the global market, but there is still a very large component of near infill last mile last, last five miles whatever you want to call it. The name is not important, but infill real estate in major -- metro areas, which were predominantly the old AMB assets. now AMB's presence in Europe was lower than Prologis and so I would say the mix of those opportunities are greater for us in the U.S. then in Europe, but we are just as deliberate about those opportunities in Europe and you can see us getting after that opportunity in a major way with some initiatives that we have ongoing right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blaine Heck. Your line is open.
Blaine Heck: Thanks. Good morning out there. Just wanted to talk a little bit about the uptick and same-store NOI guidance. I guess it was a little surprising given that you saw same-store expenses tick up a little higher this quarter than they've been running. Maybe for Tom, can you talk about whether the increase in expenses was expected and what's driving that increase?
Tom Olinger: Yeah, the increase in expenses is primarily due to just higher real estate taxes. You see the offset in revenues as well. So, they're recoverable. It had about a 30-basis point impact on revenues. So quite small actually. So, same-store revenue growth was still over 4% with OpEx. So, nothing to look into the expenses. It's really a matter of little bit of timing and mostly the real estate taxes, but don't expect that to be a trend this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: Great. Thank you. Hamid, you had commented on retailer bankruptcies maybe dragging on some of the demand in the quarter you're seeing across the markets maybe specific markets and maybe what your expectations are going forward?
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah Jamie, I don't know if I have any unique insights on retailer bankruptcy, but let me give you this because there are fixed in our portfolio. We monitor credit loss pretty carefully and we underwrite every tenant's credit in every industry sector. In our typical pro formas, we assume about a 0.5% credit loss. We're running at 20 basis points. So, we're significantly below trend and for those of you who have been around long enough as you have, in the global financial crisis we got up to the low 1% range in terms of credit loss. So, if you pinpointed to what some people refer to as troubled retailers, our exposure to those guys is less than 0.5% or 1% of the portfolio and frankly in a lot of those instances we would rather gave up the space than theyve in the space. So, I don't -- that's not on my first three pages of issues I worry about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico. Your line is open.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. Can you just quantify a little bit more the impact of consolidating NAIF and also what was the benefit to full year FFO and then from a yield basis, it looks like it might be -- you gave some of the pro forma NOI adjustments. It looks, it's not clear if that was for a full quarter or not, but looks like you bought it around six-type yield, is that correct?
Tom Olinger: This is Tom. I'll take that. So, first of all from the impact of the earnings on the year, you've got to look at deployment in total. So, as I said in my prepared remarks, we see deployment higher by $0.01 to $0.02 for the full year. Clearly, NAIF is part of driving that increase. However, we've also talked about, I also mentioned that we're accelerating sales as well. So, from a timing perspective those are offsetting to about $0.01 to $0.02 a share. The impact for the quarter in our EBITDA that we show in the supplemental, we do pro forma for a full quarter impact of that. So, you are seeing the full quarter impact of the NAIF transaction in our stock.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah and the real cap rate the way we count it was midsize, but given that the portfolio was pretty well occupied, the actual cash yield was higher than that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Lesnick. Your line is open.
Tom Lesnick: Hey, good morning out there on the West Coast. Hamid, I appreciate your comments earlier about the shifts in supply and demand and calling out a few markets there. I guess bigger picture with the potential repeal and/or replace Dodd Frank and the relaxation of lending standards, do you think that the investor base this time around will remain more self-disciplined or do you think that the banking system will really have to be the governor once again?
Hamid Moghadam: Well I think Basel III is actually the bigger governor than Dodd Frank. So, they need to obviously count based on risk based capital rules and that just makes the business less profitable than it was before given the reserve requirements and they need to retain. So, I think there's that general backdrop anyway. As to people's discipline, I don't know. Memories are not very long in this business, but I think the business has really, really changed in other ways than just the banking system. I think land is much more difficult to come by. The cities are getting much, much tougher on land and those are tougher and more expensive. So, the average cost and size of the industrial building is going up. So, the barrier for entry of smaller players is now higher. There is a ton of information. You get on this call and there are 200 people on this call right. So, all of them just heard me say that I think supply is going to be a different picture in the first quarter next year and there are some people that are potentially getting a little bit over their skis. Well guess what, that word will get around pretty quickly. Now I don't want to give too much credit to Prologis and our role in this call, but I think there is just so much information around that investors cannot escape the reality of what's happening to these markets and frankly they are accountable to their investors. So pretty soon they're going to get called from pension funds, why you're putting out money when the legislator and the business is saying that the market is getting softer. So, I think it's just a different environment than it was in the last cycle.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line David Rodgers. Your line is open.
David Rodgers: Hey guys and Hamid maybe I don't know if Eugene and Gary want to take some of this too. But I wanted to ask about rent growth and retention. Clearly, you've been driving retention down and driving rents higher. You're down to that point of about 75% retention overall, I think in the first quarter. I guess maybe give us a sense for how that compares across the regions and then also if you could just talk about how that you might level off here in terms of the pushback that you're seeing from tenants moving into the second quarter?
Eugene Reilly: David it's Gene. Let me start and Gary can pile on. So historically we've got to put this in context. Historically 75% retention is the number of people actually seek to achieve. So that's a very, very solid level. Now we've been at elevated levels obviously in the 80s for many quarters and if you look at a trend line, we're headed down. But I am perfectly comfortable with mid-70s. Frankly I am comfortable with probably 70% and even a little bit below that because what we're asking the teams to do today is really push rent and be more aspirational in this -- in this environment where we have vacancy rates that we've literally never seen before in many, many markets. So, I wouldn't be concerned about the direction. And so far, at least our activities in terms of pushing rents have bearing fruit and you look at the rent change look at that. In terms of how that's distributed across the Americas, I'd say in the U.S. you frankly it's pretty consistent across markets. In Mexico, we have much more trouble pushing rents right now. That's really a Peso effect and Brazil has a challenging economic and political background. They're not pushing rents there at this point. So, Gary, I don't know if you would add.
Gary Anderson: I would say for Europe, we're in a position today where we are trying to push rents in most markets. So, you can see that coming through our numbers. Obviously, occupancies are high. From a market rent growth perspective today, Europe in 2017 we're forecasting of just under 2.5% accelerating here to above 3%. So, things are heading in the right direction certainly in Europe. In Japan, candidly market rent growth is probably around 1% and we're forecasting about the same next year will be different market to market, stronger in Tokyo, less strong in Osaka. And in China, again market rent growth is accelerating. It's probably around 3.5% today and it's going to go over 4.5% next year. So, I'd say arrow up on market rent growth and given the strength that we're seeing in occupancies we will be pushing rents in most of those markets as well.
Hamid Moghadam: The only comment I have to add is that if retention had to come in at 80%, I would've been all over these guys that were not pushing rents high enough. Frankly we would have been running it too high and just facing taking the rents as they come. So, we're pushing term, we're pushing credit. Somebody if we have the lease that are concerned on renewal with a tenant we're going to replace them with a high credit quality tenants. So, I look at the lower retention as a positive sign and I actually wish that it were even lower rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Guinee. Your line is open.
John Guinee: Great. Hamid, because of the butchering of the name I'll get 17 questions for you. So that is full shorter than last time, but we can't. This is a development question, I am looking Page 23 and Page 26 of your supplemental. First on the land it looks like half of your land at share is South Florida, Central Valley, Mexico, Brazil, the United Kingdom and Japan.
Hamid Moghadam: Well you just covered half the world economies.
John Guinee: Do you own the right land in the right markets? And then the second question as a sort of a second part of this question, if I'm looking at your development portfolio, can you give a little more color on what you're building where? For example, you've got 6.2 million square feet under construction on the West at about $76 a square foot, which seems kind of low to me. Exactly where is that development being built?
Hamid Moghadam: All right. Let me make two general comments and then turn it over to other for more specific color. First of all, seriously the markets that you went through Japan, West Coast, Florida and all that, if you had to mile up together, they all probably have the world's economy. But there are two really, really big and significant land positions we have. One is Beacon Lakes in Florida and one in Tracy which is the REIT -- and which relates to your $76 a foot type question. It is low because the land in Tracy at this point is pretty much free because we've pretty much returned our total investment on that land and I know the accounting doesn't quite work that way. But the land at Tracy is like a good $30 a foot of FAR on their market. So, it should be $100 a foot and $70 because we got really good price of land and by the way, we have another 800 acres of it for free. So, you can see us do a lot of business at very attractive land basis over there. Beacon Lakes is not quite as dramatic as that, both in terms of size and the advantage of the land value, but it is significant and those are the two large pieces of land and do you guys want to talk about specifics?
Eugene Reilly: Yeah just to give you a little color John. This is Gene, if you look at the overall land bank, we had too much land in Mexico and we're working down as quickly as we can. We have a lot of land in Brazil, but we control much of that through effectively land JVs. So, we're not like carrying that land and that's going to be -- we're going to make a lot of money on that land over the next five years obviously in the last couple of years, not much activity. In terms of what are we building where, Hamid pretty much answered the question. The low cost per square foot is driven by really two things. One, we have a ton of activity out in our park in Tracy, California, which is in the Central Valley. And secondly, we have a really, really high percentage of build-a-suit right now. I don't know Mike if you some color on that, but build-a-suits tend to be bigger and they tend to have lower values per square foot.
Mike Curless: Maybe just to tie it all together, for broader view John, overall mix globally is going to be 45% of Americas, 25% Europe and 30% in Asia, which is very comparable to last year. Often, we start with margins in the quarter at 19%. In fact, those are normalized in the 16% range over the year and Gene's comment on build-a-suit, we were at 77% build-a-suit in Q1. That was a function of a lot of continuation of a very successful build-a-suit program. We expect that to normalize over the year in the mid-40s, but I would expect that to be higher than our build-a-suit percentage last year. So, net, net, I think we feel once again good about the mix and the quality of our development volume and the quarter here on NAIF.
Hamid Moghadam: On the overall land balance, I would say there is a $150 million of land that we have, that I would not buy all over again. I think the rest of it we're totally good with and we think is going to be a great driver of growth for our portfolio. But there is probably a $150 million of it that with the benefit of hindsight win by and would be disposing over time.
Mike Curless: Which is less on sellers that we had at the merger of that stuff. So, we got through a whole bunch of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman. Your line is open.
Craig Mailman: Hey guys. Just curious looking at the starts in Europe, it looks like it was 100% build-a-suits and I know you guys been pretty positive on what you're seeing over there. I'm just curious this is a trend that's likely to continue and maybe what it really indicates here as you look at the existing stock versus kind of the tendency that is doing with the build-a-suit to you guys and where are those build-a-suits. Are they more infill or are they more bulk?
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah, I would say that they're -- look we're a 100% build-a-suit. We're not forecasting a 100% build-a-suit for the full year. I think we're going to end up some of the 15% to 16% just like last year. They're spread all around Slovakia, the Netherlands, Italy and the U.K. So going back to the earlier question, is our land in the right place? Of course, it is. If you're doing 50% to 60% build-a-suit on land that you own, by definition your land is in the right place. Most of this I would describe as infill as opposed to bulk. Candidly most of this had to do with retail. It was apparel. It was consumer good and actually one was automotive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manny Korchman. Your line is open.
Manny Korchman: Hey Tom, a question for you. If we think about capital deployment, especially outside of guidance, do you have an event like the NAIF buyout. Is there anything like outside I contemplated in or out of guidance sort of a big bulky plan like that and B, why are you excluding that from guidance?
Tom Olinger: So, don't anticipate any other transaction like that. That was not in our initial guidance because that came together quite quickly with discussions with our partner, but don't anticipate any other large transactions like that during the year. The reason why we don't put it in our guidance per se as an acquisition because those assets are already reflected. They're consolidated on our balance sheet. They're all there. So, we don't reflect them as an acquisition because we're not adding to our portfolio. We're just taking a bigger piece of the portfolio. So that's why we describe it separately and don't try to confuse our acquisitions, which are real incremental adds to our portfolio.
Hamid Moghadam: But these things just to be clear, I don't want you to take from what Tom said that we're asleep over here and we're not looking at opportunities. If the right opportunity came along and we could buy it at the right number or we could finance it appropriately at the right number and finance it appropriately at the night right number, we would look at all of those opportunities and we have been looking at all those opportunities. And just that we don't know about any of them right now, but we're always looking and we're always working on things.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao. Your line is open.
Vincent Chao: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Just seeing with that the line of thinking about the right opportunities coming along, just curious if there are other larger end deals out there that are interesting right now outside of your funds. Clearly a global logistics properties is undergoing a strategic review, but just curious how that factors into the thinking?
Hamid Moghadam: I can't think of a significant transaction in the industrial sector in the last three or four years that we have not looked at thoroughly underwritten and had a point of view on. So, you could expect us to be looking at everything. Now we're very selective about what we pull the trigger on, but let's leave it at that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. Hamid, could you -- I think the term last mile has certainly gotten some legs over the last few quarters, and it's generated a lot of investor interest in this sector. Could you qualify the term further in terms of what type of functionality and what kind of demographics around the building would really qualify as a facility that would facilitate the delivery of packages to consumers?
Hamid Moghadam: The need to be located in a market with a significant population and a high level of affluence, college education, Internet usage, connectivity etcetera, etcetera, it needs to be dense, it needs to be supply constrained either physically or politically because of the nature of its residents. So putting all those filters on the markets in the U.S., I would say the top markets would emerge as San Francisco, Seattle, New York, Miami, possibly Chicago, parts of LA. And the buildings, there is no rules that I can give you about the type of building you will be in terms of size or number of stories, but the new varieties are likely to be multistory. They're probably not as important to have dock height access and demand in smaller truck access and they need to be near thoroughfares. In terms of -- in terms of rent potential, it would be trading really significantly at the different price points at it -- if you will 10 mile out type of real estate. In other words, there needs to be a pretty significant rent gradient and there are some markets who are being close to the center action or not being that far away from that don't have a rent gradient because basically it's a very suburban eyes market. It's very spread out like it's tough to imagine last mile and Houston even though it's a big city and hits a lot of the other greats here because it doesn't have the supply constraints and the concentration of population in neighborhood, it's very spread out. So those would be the criteria and I got to tell you, they are -- it's unfortunate and you've seen us use the word last tough more than last mile because last mile is really not a last mile. It's last drive or 10 miles and it's really the last touch before you hit the consumer directly. There is a lot of really awful old, tired real estate that it rebranded as last mile we always get a chuckle out of that when we these packages come around. So, a lot of those properties don't meet the criteria that I just spoke.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. We talked a lot about that last mile and different markets and supply and demand, but Hamid when you look at the industrial landscape besides development, just more market specific and maybe asset quality, where do you think the best places are to put your capital to work and what I mean by that is it still kind of A assess in A markets or has it gone down to maybe A assess and B markets. So just how do you think about that.
Hamid Moghadam: Look, the real estate market is not that different than the bond market. When the waters are warm and calm, people get a lot of courage and people really stretch for pricing of the assets. All fear goes out of the market. Junk spreads collapse and the yield premia of not so great real estate collapses on top of prime real estate etcetera, etcetera. We have been in one of those environments for some periods of time. So, I do think junkier real estate has had a rally just like junk bonds have had a rally. When there is a little bit more fear in the marketplace and people sort of gravitate towards quality, those spread roll out and prime real estate will do better. We're not smart enough and we're certainly not agile enough at almost 700 million feet to trade around that. You guys may be in terms of the stock, but we're not. So, we need to set the strategy and execute on it because we can't trade around the site portfolio we have. Our view is that in the very long term, having infill real estate near the population centers in these quality locations with supply constraints wins regardless of possibly one year out of five or two years out of five when the junk rallies. In the long term, you get much better adjusted returns by being in these markets. And we think in our estimation the cap rates historically if you average it over long periods of time, have been far, far more than compensated for by the higher growth rate of those markets. So yes, you pay the premium in terms of the lower cap rate, be in those markets, but you picked up double maybe 250% of that in terms of incremental growth rate. Just look at where you are today in Los Angeles or San Francisco with respect to those -- where those rents are compared to Memphis just to begin, Memphis, when I started my career in 1980, the rent at Memphis were probably higher than they are today, but not in these supply constrained markets that we talked about. So, if you're playing a long game, not a quarter-by-quarter game, you want to have money invested in supply constrained markets where people want to live and this is going to become much more important as the winners in industrial space are going to be more on the consumption end because of eCommerce than the production and which is the way the world used to work in the old days.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Malkin. Your line is open.
Neil Malkin: Hey guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just given the focus and bias toward the end consumer, can you give us a flavor or feel for how much of your portfolio currently is that and consumer versus bulk supply chain and how that also stacks up in your development pipeline, I guess if you just focus on the U.S.?
Hamid Moghadam: It is a continuum. There is not a bright spot that one property falls in and one property falls out. I think the best way of looking at that is to look at the global markets, which our share is now almost 90% in global markets and the big regional markets, we don't have any tertiary markets. We've sold all of those. Now within the major markets, about a third of our portfolio is around the 100,000 feet or lower. About a third of it is in that 10,000 to 250 range and the rest of it is in the 250 and up range. I would exclude the 250 and up range even though I can think of a couple of larger buildings that are very infill. But I would say, two thirds of our portfolio meets the consumption. I would say the production and the other way of coming at it other than our properties in the northern part of Mexico there is very little production going on. In fact, Chris what's the manufacturing percentage in our portfolio today?
Chris Caton: It's less than 5%.
Hamid Moghadam: Less than 5% of our portfolio is oriented towards manufacturing. So by definition, the rest of it is on that consumption or in the wholesaler end of the supply chain.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Simone. Your line is open.
Rob Simone: Hey guys, thanks for the follow-up. Tom this one might be for you, but I was wondering if you could expand a little bit on the tick up in free rent this quarter over last quarter? I think it was about $20 million versus $14 million last year and I guess given where you guys occupancy is today and in that most of the leasing already being completed, I guess you would have expected that tick down. So, I am just looking for additional color and what should we expect going forward?
Tom Olinger: Yeah good question, so when we report free rent, straight line rent, that's reported on leases that commence in the quarter, so which is different than what we report when we lease signings right. So, the leasing activity reported lease signing. The straight line rent, free rent is a function of leases that commence. So, when you look at Q4 versus Q1, Q1 had almost 50% more lease commencements happening right. Q1 is our biggest role. We signed those leases well in advance of Q1. So, the signing showed up a quarter or two ago, but the actual commencement is what triggers the straight line rent free rent. So that's what's driving that aspect of it. When you look at concession, I don't have the numbers offhand, but concessions are clearly continuing to tick down right. Even though you're seeing those numbers grow it's a function of commencements, but also we're signing longer leases. Leases are also increasing right. Rents are going up dramatically. All that increases your nominal amount of rent, but when you look at that concession relative to the whole value of the lease, clearly, they're ticking down.
Hamid Moghadam: Well, we were just having this conversation earlier. We're going to just put that out in the package next time and show its trend over time because it's obviously a question that comes up every call and we need to just show it to you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sumit. Your line is open.
Sumit Sharma: Okay. It's me again.
Hamid Moghadam: One question now.
Sumit Sharma: Yeah, yeah. They got the name right, so sticking with the old cynical thing and not looking at the bright side of life from the Monty Python thing, I guess how of -- we spend a lot of airtime on last mile and definitions have been exchanged and you mentioned a bit about multistory warehouses. I guess what I'm wondering is how much of this stuff is if you look at some of the experience in London versus Asia, Asia it's done well, but in London it's been viewed as a bit of a science experiment, particularly some properties next to Heathrow had issues with ramps and such. So how do you mitigate that as you are looking towards I'm hoping more builds of that nature in the U.S. judging by your comments?
Hamid Moghadam: So, let me give you a story, which you may find amusing, but the developer of MX 2, which is the building you're referring in London went to Singapore is now almost 10, 12 years ago, literally asked us to give them a tour of our Alps project in Singapore, which we did. It took the plans and built the same building in London without thinking about the differentiated truck sizes in those two markets, which is why MX 2 stays on lease for as long as it did. That's the story you can file away. The person in question is no longer in the business. So that's what happened and that building -- why that building didn't lease. It was the wrong building in the wrong pocket. I think it's all a function of land values. I think when land values get to a certain point, multistory will make sense and there are a few markets in the United States that are approaching that point. Obviously in Japan you've got the benefit of smaller trucks and very high land values. So that's why you see the five or six or seven story building. I think you're not going to see that in the U.S. anytime soon, certainly not in my career in bulk. Oftentimes people have asked what's the size of that opportunity? I think there are probably five or six obvious markets in the U.S. where that opportunity exists I think I mentioned them all before. In those instances, it is not hard to imagine that eventually it could have a portfolio of three, four, five million square feet and I'm talking 10 years out. So just for thinking purposes if you got five or six cities at three to five million, you got 20 to 30 million feet of product that is multistory in these major markets and the value of that product is about double what it is for our traditional investor product in our portfolio. So, in terms of value, we could end up being about 10% of the business order of magnitude, incremental over time. That's the best I can do to size the opportunity set for you. Time will tell how successful we will be, but I think we'll be really successful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line at Eric Frankel. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. Just two very quick follow-ups. One, what is for your multistory development in Seattle you just started, who are your, who are the tenants that can possibly take that. I can only think of three at this point that are really big parcel delivery companies. So, it's Amazon, UPS and FedEx? And then second on the supply front, do you see opportunities down the road for potentially helping some of these developers recapitalize some projects if they feel like they got over their skis and the profits that developers have underwritten or maybe little bit aggressive?
Hamid Moghadam: I think those developers will do fine because theyve got some institution's money and its the old-fashioned game. If it works on the upside, they have their promote and equity interest and if doesn't work on the outside, they got some fee upside, they got some fees and got going for a while and the institution which is oftentimes a pension fund through an advisor ends up beating it. So, I don't think there's going to be a lot of distress because these are by and large not heavily bank financed deals. These are more institutionally financed types of deals. So, I think you'll have some disappointing returns for the investors and hopefully they won't finance them next round of development. I think that's going to how it -- that's how it's going to resolve itself. In terms of your first question, could you repeat the first part of your question?
Eric Frankel: Customer composition.
Hamid Moghadam: Oh, just stay tuned. I think our issue right now is trying to figure out how to respond to the interests in that project. So, when I am at liberty to talk about it I will.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manny Korchman. Your line is open.
Manny Korchman: Hey just wondering in terms of demand from capital or institutional investors for product, I think Hamid earlier you had said that there's demand ahead of the supply and so developers are getting comfortable building more supply. If we were to take that same analogy I guess and think about capital? Is it more capital chasing assets and their supply of assets? Is that a fair assumption?
Hamid Moghadam: Well yeah and that's why cap rates that we keep saying are stabilizing, are going down because the way the capital is pushing those cap rates down, but we don't blame -- we're not building our business around cap rate compression and rents growing at 10%, 12% a year or like they have been. I think we've shared our assumptions with you. They're essentially based on flat or slightly uptick in cap rates and moderate rental growth, it varies by market, but sort of in that 3% to 4% or 5% range in the U.S. market by market. This is market rent. Same-store will actually be pretty much baked in at somewhat higher because of -- because of the mark-to-market obviously. But happy to go through those assumptions, but we're not building a business around the market being exuberant going forward. I think our assumptions are much more sobering.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to the presenters.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay. Great. Thank you for your time and interest in the company and good luck with earnings season. We'll see you all around pretty soon. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-24 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracy Ward - SVP, IR and Corporate Communications Hamid Moghadam - Chairman and CEO Thomas Olinger - CFO Eugene Reilly - CEO, The Americas Gary Anderson - CEO, Europe & Asia Mike Curless - CIO Diana Scott - Chief Human Resources Officer Ed Nekritz - Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel Chris Caton - Global Head of Research
Analysts: Tom Catherwood - BTIG Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Sumit Sharma - Morgan Stanley Manny Korchman - Citi Josh Dennerlein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeremy Metz - UBS Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors Ryan Wineman - Capital One Securities John Guinee - Stifel Rob Simone - Evercore ISI Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Neil Malkin - RBC Capital Markets Blaine Heck - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good morning. My name is Scott, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Prologis' Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Tracy Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Tracy Ward: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Fourth Quarter 2016 Conference Call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning, we'll hear from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results and guidance and Hamid Moghadam, our Chairman and CEO, who will comment on the company's strategy and outlook. Also joining us for today's call are Gary Anderson, Mike Curless, Ed Nekritz, Gene Reilly, and Diana Scott. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I'd like to state that this call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about the market, and the industry in which Prologis operates as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filings. Additionally, our fourth quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance to the Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom, and we'll get started.
Thomas Olinger: Thanks, Tracy. Good morning and thanks for joining our fourth quarter earnings call. Our format today will be different than previous calls. I will cover highlight for the quarter and guidance for 2017 and then I'll turn the call over to Hamid who will put this quarter's performance in the context of the recent past and our future outlook. We had an excellent quarter in an outstanding 2016. Core FFO was $0.63 per share for the quarter and $2.57 per share for the year. This is an increase of 15% over 2015 and consistent with our three-year CAGR of 16%. We earned promotes of $0.01 and $0.15 per share for the year. Excluding promotes Core FFO was up 11%. For the full year we leased over 180 million square feet as demand for our best-in-class portfolio remains strong. Our properties are located in major population centers where consumption is concentrated and proximity to consumers has never been more critical to supply chain. Global occupancy reached an all-time high of 97.1% Europe also achieved record occupancy at 96.7%. Our share net effective rent change on rollover was 16%. The U.S. led the way it over 23% the fourth consecutive quarter above the 20%. Notably the U.K. was also above 20% rent change for the second consecutive quarter. Our share net effective same store NOI growth was 3.2% for the quarter and 5.6% for the full year. On the deployment front we had another very productive year creating significant value for shareholders. Development stabilization had an estimated margin of 27% and value creation of over $570 million. Development starts had an estimated margin of over 20% and our net deployment activity generated surplus cash of $1.4 billion. Let's spend a moment on our financial position. We achieved our goal of having one of the top balance sheets in the REIT sector. The rating upgrades of A3 and A- in the quarter are acknowledgment of our prudent financial management and balance sheet strength. Our look through leverage at year-end was 27.1% on market capitalization and 34.6% on a book basis. Debt to EBITDA including gains was 4.7 times and our liquidity was over $4 billion. We remain well positioned to self fund our future employment. We also continue to be well protected from foreign currency movements as we ended the year with 92% of our net equity in U.S. dollars. The bottom line is our balance sheet and liquidity have never been stronger. Moving to 2017 Ill cover a few guidance highlights on our share basis so for complete detail refer to Page 5 of our supplemental. We continue to expect net effective same store NOI growth of between 4% and 5%. As discussed at our Investor Day are in-place leases are about 12% under rented and this will be the primary driver of same-store growth going forward. Our share cash same-store NOI should be higher than net affected by 5200 basis points for the year. Our development starts are consistent with 2016 levels. However our disposition volume is as much lower as we sold the vast majority of our nonstrategic assets. Going forward you will see a contribution and disposition activity in line with development levels, as we continue to self fund. I want to point out that as a result of the significant amount of cash at year-end, there will be a slight drag on Core FFO of $0.02 to $0.03 per share on the first quarter given the timing of putting the capital back to work. Related to FX, our 2017 estimated core FFO was effectively fully hedged relative to the U.S. dollar and we've already hedged most of 2018. For net G&A we're forecasting a range of $210 million to $220 million down 3% at the midpoint from last year as we continue to become more efficient. For strategic capital I want to highlight that there will be a timing mismatch throughout the year between one that promote revenue is recognized in the second quarter and when all the related promote expenses are reflected. However we continue to expect net promote income for the full year 2017 of between $0.06 and $0.08 a share. Putting this all together 2017 Core FFO including promotes will range between $2.60 and $2.70 per share. Excluding promotes our Core FFO at the midpoint is 7% higher year-over-year. In closing we had an excellent year we entered 2017 with terrific momentum and the business keeps getting simpler as evidenced by the brevity of my remarks as you've heard guidance is unchanged from what we provided at our November Investor Day. However I would say the overall outlook for a business today is more positive particularly in Europe. While we are mindful of potential political and regulatory changes we remain confident given our best-in-class portfolio, balance sheet strength and liquidity and durable NOI growth. And with that I'll turn it over Hamid.
Hamid Moghadam : Thanks Tom. I want to use my time with you today to put our recent performance and to the longer-term context and to share my outlook for the next few years. It's hard to imagine that it's been almost six years since we announced the merger between Prologis and AMB. Our initial focus following the merger's closing was to integrate the two companies and to deliver on our promise synergies. Shortly thereafter we announced the quarter plan focused on realigning our portfolio, monetizing our land bank, rationalizing our strategic capital business, strengthening our balance sheet, and investing in technology to make our teams more productive. We met or exceeded the planned objectives almost a year ahead of schedule. Following the 10-quarter plan we transition division 2016. Our strategic plan to capitalize on what we saw is a significant recovery in rental rates following the sharp decline we saw during the global financial crisis. Our forecast call for a compounded 6% per year recovery in rents and the Americas to 2016 which at the time seemed that's an overly optimistic assumption by some. The fourth quarter represented the culmination of Vision 2016. Actual rental growth in our markets in the Americas ended up ahead of our forecast at 8% per year. This help drive core FFO growth of 16% per year substantially in excess of the plan the sector most REITs. 2017 is a very different environment than six years ago when we announced our merger or four years ago when we called for sharp rebound in rents. I believe we're now at the cusp of yet another important market transition to a phase for which Prologis is ideally positioned. As you heard from Tom earlier and as you'll hear from our industry colleagues, markets are as healthy as they been in several decades. Occupancies are at record levels, rental growth is extremely strong and the strength is not just e-commerce. In fact there are sectors like housing that will be the source for additional demand going forward. In the recent recovery phase of the U.S. market, rising tides have lifted our boats. In the next phase, location and quality will matter much more and I'll be a meaningful performance depreciation within the U.S. logistic markets. Continental Europe is lagging the U.S. by about three years. We believe Europe will further extend the growth cycle for our company as its recovery picks up steam. What's been a headwind for us I will become a tailwind for the foreseeable future. There is a significant embedded rental upside in most industrial portfolios and in our case about 12% of our overall and 15% in the Americas but we need to acknowledge that the easy part of the cycle is behind us. Market rental growth going forward will moderate starting in 2017. However our same-store NOI growth will remain strong into the foreseeable future probably well beyond 2019 especially in large markets with high barriers to entry. What we like about this picture is that supply remains discipline and as a result growth will be more sustainable than in past cycles. In this environment it will be more important than ever to be closer to key customers and to offer them the right wheels stay solutions in key markets around the world. Before I turn it over to Q&A, I'd like to share with you our priorities for the next few years including a number of important new initiatives that we've been working on as part of our new strategic plan. In addition to completing the final batch of our nonstrategic sales which remains a priority, the new initiatives are focused around customer experience, application of technology to streamline operations, and advanced data analytics. These activities are designed to further simplify our business, get us closer to our customers and help make us faster, smarter and better. We're seeing tangible results from these initiatives already especially on the customer side and will share these with you in the coming months and years. Let's now turn to your questions. Operator?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Tom Catherwood from BTIG. Your line is open.
Tom Catherwood: Thanks. Good morning over there. Obviously we've seen a lot of statements that have come out of the new Administration. You guys spoke at length about it and the potential impact at the Investor Day. But since the Investor Day how has the outlook changed for your business and how are you planning on potential trade impacts in your strategy going forward?
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, let me start with that and maybe I'll turn it over to Chris Caton, our Global Head of Research after this for his comments because he's been setting this pretty closely. So I would say there is a great deal of uncertainty out there given all the talk about trade with China and Mexico specifically. So I think until there is some resolution on this, they will continue to be uncertainty but we haven't seen that translating into any negative impact on our business so far. In fact I would say most of the Euphoria around the election has to do with a brighter economic outlook in the U.S. and a brighter outlook on the part of our customers on the margin. Now let's take some extreme cases of what could happen. In the extreme case and I don't think by the way this is the base case, we pull a wall not just in our southern border but all around this country and will stop trading with the rest of the world. While I think the long term impact of that actually would be negative not just for our business but every business because the rate of economic growth would slow but specific to the industrial business for sure manufacturing will have to take place somewhere which means it will have to take place in the U.S. So demand will go up in the U.S. for sure. Now they're going to be places in the world where demand will suffer and I think Northern Mexico along the border and China would be the two places where demand would suffer. Those two markets account for 2% of our overall activity. The U.S. accounts for 73% of our activity. So while I acknowledge that there will be a headwind on overall economic growth, actually its impact on us could be very positive in the short term but that's not what I want, thats not what I expect and that's how I'm looking for. I think the more likely outcome is going to be a cleaning up some of the provisions of NAFTA there are some issues that need to be modernized, I think it makes sense to do that and I frankly think that this stage has been set from a negotiating point of view or that can be done pretty quickly and pretty easily compared to expectations. China is a little bit of a different story. I think in China Im afraid were heading for something a little more serious but only time will tell how that's going play out. Chris what you want to add?
Chris Caton : I think that's a pretty complete answer.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Hamid, can you just comment on what you see in supply trends going forward? I know it hasn't been a huge issue in the past couple years, but at least according to some brokers it seems to be increasing and across more markets.
Hamid Moghadam: Our outlook for supplying this year was that supply and demand this year meaning this past year 2016 was that they were going to be at the same level in the low 200 million square-foot range in the U.S. and about 70 million feet in Europe. And actually we were surprised because demand ended up being more like 260 million feet and supply ended up being 180 million feet. So we continue to deficit in supply that has persisted since the recovery. So again this year in 2017 we're calling for low $200 million square feet of supply and demand. We're expecting those two to be about the same which is by the way great because at 56% overall vacancy and at defective vacancy in the kind of product that we traffic in being in the 34% range in most markets, I think thats in very, very healthy situation. So we're calling for supply and demand to equalize, lets say we're off let's say supply ends up being 20 million, 30 million feet more across the base that won't even register on the vacancy rate. So I think people are just overly focused on that issue. Fundamentally I think financial the banking system for encouraging undisciplined development has changed. Now something changes in the political and regulatory environment where the banks will go nuts again that's the new ballgame but I don't see that just yet and I don't think those regulations are just U.S. regulations, I think they are Basel III and the like that impose some discipline in the banking system. So it's good to keep an eye on supply I think it's been they clearly feel of the real estate business for as long as I remember. So please continue to ask about it, continue to be concerned about it but I don't think it's going to drive the performance of our business in the next couple of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brad Burke with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brad Burke : Hi, everyone. I wanted to go back to market fundamentals for the quarter. Leasing volume is down a little, tenant retention is below 80%, it looks like leasing costs ticked up as a result. Realizing that market fundamentals remain very healthy, is there any reason to think that demand decelerated in the fourth quarter versus what we saw earlier in 2016?
Hamid Moghadam: Demand did not decelerate, we ran at its space to lease. And the reason retention is down as I have told you every quarter we're trying to drive around. So we would like our retention to be a little bit lower and for our rent growth on the margin benefit from that incremental rent growth. So nothing in the quarter surprise me Tom, do you have anything else.
Thomas Olinger: No its consistent again as Hamid said we had little role this quarter it's pretty seasonal that we go into Q4 with pretty minimal role and that was the big driver but we certainly don't see any change in the customer behavior, customer activity, customer decision-making all of that quite frankly is tracking better than what we but we would laid out to you guys in November.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Craig Mailman: Thanks, guys. I was hoping to just get a little bit of color on the second sequential decline same-store revenues you guys had. I think last quarter there were some CAM trueups that drove the sequential decline. But we expect that to maybe be more one-time, but we saw a decline again this quarter. Just curious what drove the deceleration this quarter and maybe how it looks on a cash basis to see if we're seeing the same trend.
Thomas Olinger: Hi Craig this is Tom, so youre right - in this quarter the sequential decline was driven number one just lower occupancy in the same store pool if you look to Q3 to Q4 so there's about a 50 basis points lower benefit of occupancy and the second thing would be as you alluded to recovery revenue timing. So there all one-time timing issues that we look into 2017 we see occupancy the levels very consistent year-over-year so the big driver same-store is all about rent change and to put those numbers in context of our guidance of that 4% to 5% range we feel very, very good about that guidance range and if you think about very similar rent change on roll year-over-year about 17.5% and you put that on 22.5% roll you what to contractual role plus is some pulling leases forward very consistent with what weve done in the prior-year that gets you right about 4% and when you look at expense leverage and you look at indexation remember we get the benefit of indexation particularly in places like Europe. That all adds up to another 50 basis points. So that puts you right in the middle of our guidance range for 2017.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Vincent Chao : Hi, everyone. I just wanted to talk about the lease rate being at 97% and record occupancy in the U.S. and Europe, and then also your comments about the retention going down, driving rents a little bit harder. I'm just curious if the current availability changes your view on development starts, the mix of build to suit versus spec. And, geographically, it sounds like a lot of the commentary on Europe was very positive versus your previous outlook. Are you more inclined to build in Europe today than a few months ago?
Hamid Moghadam: Vincent, Europe is more of a build-to-suit market than the spec market anyway, so, yes, a lot of the development in Europe is going to be build-to-suit. And maybe Mike you want to talk about the flavor of our development activity and it's very much consistent with last year as the way I think about it but Mike
Mike Curless: Look, last year we did 45% in Americas, 25% in Europe and 13% Asia that was a little bit up in the Americas, slightly down in Europe and slightly up in Asia. I expect in this year's ratio to be about the same and a couple of other things to note 90% of the activities are going to take place in our global markets. And I would point I think yesterday I take the build-to-suit range in the 40% to 50% range, which is comparable to we did last year and I think we feel very bullish on our ability to do this build-to-suits, but that's a good range as we sit here today.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, the only thing I would add to all of that is that when we look at our development volume for 2017 at this time of the year, you guys should know about 90% of that is baked in. So really at the end of the day what our development volume does on the margin in the back $100 million, $200 million of it if weather stuff flips into December or January of next year and we dont do on natural things to meet guidance in that regard, let just be clear about that. For example couple I think three of our 2016 built-to-suit weve just done in the first couple of weeks of 2017. And if we have done them in 2016 we were blown through the top of our guidance range. So we dont really play those kinds of timing games and we let those things happen when they do. I mean we're going to spend the bunch of money dig into through the snow to start a building to call it a start if it doesnt make sense to do that.
Hamid Moghadam: We've got a great head start on our business already for this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sumit Sharma with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Sumit Sharma: Hi. Good morning. Couple of questions on the international markets, saw the yields on the Americas, Canada, Mexico, Brazil development sort of side down about 40 bips q-o-q based on your last disclosure? I guess how much of this is a factor of higher pre-leased activity or the use actually kind of shrinking with other trade shock. And the second question are on the Cyrela stake. We're reading a lot of reports from brokers as well as actually you guys talking about net absorption dropping 60% year-over-year in Brazil in the logistic sector, so interested in what we should read into this move around acquiring the additional stake, are you calling for a bottom to that market?
Eugene Reilly: Sumit, this is Eugene. So relative to the first question it's really - this is all mix and it's a lot less Brazil. I mean at this point in a cycle we are not building buildings in Brazil, obviously those yields are much higher. So don't get distracted with that. With respect to what's going on with Brazil in the CCP situation. So demand right now in Brazil is pretty soft and we expected to that in 2017 is going to remain that way based upon the economic and political environment. Having said that we're very, very optimistic long-term, we're calling a bottom I wouldn't say we're calling a bottom, but we see things getting better from this point forward. And related to the CCP announcement Brazilian law requires that public companies disclose even agreements that are not binding. When there is a definitive agreement will have for all you guys the relevant information. But that's the first step towards recapitalizing the business in Brazil. We're very excited about that and as I said we're very excited about the future that market going forward.
Hamid Moghadam: I would add to Gene's comments that I think the combination of the currency which is well up to bottom the governance change that happened in Brazil. And the interest rate picture which is one of the few place in the world where interest rates are coming down. I think things will bode well for Brazil and I am bullish on Brazil going forward, it's not going to zoom and sort of add from here, but I think this is a pretty interesting entry point from both fundamental real estate valuation, and also currency valuation point of view.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manny Korchman with Citi. Your line is open.
Manny Korchman: Hi, guys. Good morning. I was just wondering - Hamid if you can talk a little bit about just leasing momentum and pace and whether the volatility post election on any of these trade policies have caused either pause or revisit their leasing strategy?
Hamid Moghadam: Honest to goodness, we asked that question on a weekly basis of our people and the answer is no, no, no. I'll tell you what I hear it's not like we are being Pollyannish or sticking our head in the sand, it would be a pretty obvious concern and you guys are right to ask about it. But we haven't seen it in fact if we're doing our Analyst Day again today we would be slightly more positive, in the U.S. and a lot more positive in Europe. So the answer is no, we havent seen it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Josh Dennerlein: Hi, guys, it's Josh Dennerlein here with Jamie. Could you speak about investor appetite for your funds? Any change post election? And also curious to know the rationale, as well as what sparked L&D's consolidation of its JV fund with PELP?
Hamid Moghadam: Well, I think you are - on the last thing you're referring to PELP and ELV Alliance combining together. Look we have been on a strategy we're trying to simplify the number of different vehicles we have everywhere including Europe. And our goal is to get in each major arena in the U.S. and Europe to one major JVM, one major open-end fund and that's a goal. We made a good first step too in that direction here in Europe by combining PELP and Alliance. So that - and those two strategies were identical. Those two funds have the exact same strategy and it was a good thing for us as simplified our business. It was a good thing for Alliance because it allowed them to deploy more capital with us and to have a bigger vehicle and more diversified pull. So that one is done and with respect the demand for our funds, I would say in the U.S. we have a lot of demand from outside the U.S. for U.S. vehicles, including some new sources of capital that we have never seen before including some funds coming out of Japan through the pension system that is going through some changes in regulation and the like. It's early days for that but that's a new source of capital we've seen before. I think the U.S. funds are slowing down a little bit based on what I'm seeing on the margin because they are meeting their allocations by and large, but their allocations are always lagging because the denominator it keeps getting bigger, and so the allocations for next quarter are going to go upside. I don't expect that to be a meaningful slow down I think it's only at the margin. So the simple answer of your question would be no. There is a lot of interest for logistics product, high quality logistics product everywhere around the world. In fact we are kind of surprised by the amount of interest and there is low quality of logistics around the world. So, no we dont see anything.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Metz with UBS. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks. Hi, guys. Earlier, you'd brought up your expectations for demand and supply to reach parity in 2017, also for rent growth to moderate a bit this year. But can you talk about the ability for market rents to continue to push higher once supply starts outpacing demand? Maybe you can give us your thoughts on this dynamic and what you're seeing in the market to support a runway for market rents beyond 2017. Thanks.
Hamid Moghadam: Well, I think as I mentioned in my comments the last four, five years of projected rental growth have been pretty easy, we fell into a deep hole and just climbing out of that hole with replacement costs going up was what we thought 6% rental growth in the U.S. and then dumping 8% per year growth. Going forward I think rental growth is going to slow down because we're calling essentially for a market thats plus or minus at the equilibrium in the U.S. and given the quality of the portfolio in our locations and the like, I think it's can be inflation plus type of rental growth. I think we've spoken to you guys about a 15% mark-to-market in the U.S. plus 3% growth beyond that in terms of market rent, I think will do better than that but we just had 3% for modeling purposes but I think we will in the near term do better than that, how much better than that I guess we're going to have to see. Europe is interesting, this is an important point I'm trying to communicate so please - this one is what were focusing on. There is going to be a time and we think that time is 2018, well know for sure when we get there. While rental growth in Europe can exceed rental growth in the U.S. and that will drive same-store growth for Prologis beyond just our U.S. portfolio and I think that's a unique benefit that we have as a company. I mean we definitely separate the back part of the cycle by virtue of having a European drag on our performance, I think Europe can turn into a positive boost on performance from 2018 onwards. So that would be my commentary on rents.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel with Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. I know this might be a bit of a dead issue, but do you anticipate any reincarnation of TPP in any form that would hurt you or help your business in Asia and the U.S.?
Hamid Moghadam: Eric we don't have any particular insights on that beyond what you and we read in the paper.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Lesnick with Capital One Securities. Your line is open.
Ryan Wineman: Hi, this is Ryan Wineman here with Tom. How would you guys expect a border adjustment tax to impact demand for industrial real estate in both the U.S. and abroad?
Chris Caton: Hi, thanks for the question this is Chris Caton. Hamid gave an excellent outline on the global trends and in particular these efforts focused on stimulating job growth, wage growth in general and U.S. consumer I would be big positive for business. From a - how might things change perspective, I think they're kind to two key point that I would add to Hamid's earlier remarks. The first is the majority of the U.S. markets are really focused on local consumptions and these are not initial shipment points. And then we think about some of these markets that do you have a component that are kind of initial point of contact for international trade, look growth has been excellent in these markets even as a trade growth over the last few years has been moderate. So supply chain modernization continues in this market, some irrespective of the trade - the trade picture.
Hamid Moghadam : And that would be LA, Dallas, Chicago and New Jersey. Those would be the four major markets that have a transshipment component to them. So if youre going to focus on those, those are the markets to pay attention to.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Guinee with Stifel. Your line is open.
John Guinee: I noticed that on Page 26 your land position got down below $1.3 billion, which is probably one-third of what it was at the height. Can you talk about what you're thinking about land right now? And, also, I did notice that I think 50% of your land is in the U.K., Mexico, Central Valley of California and a couple other unusual places.
Hamid Moghadam : So John, thank you for acknowledging that. I mean, just the brief history of land bank at Prologis. At the time of the merger the land bank was in the low 2s and the original cost of that land bank I think was in the mid-to high 3s. So we certainly started with a lot of land and it's not as if we haven't been buying land, we've been buying land good land during this period but we've been selling and monetizing more of it overtime. So our share of land is about $1.250 billion and our total land is about $1.4 billion or something like that on that order. Our goal is to get to two years of land that we own and given our pace of development and land as a percentage of total development cost, that argues for about $800 million our share and a $1 billion overall land bank across the board. It will take some time to get there because to be perfectly honest with you there is couple $100 million of land that is the lowest quality land we have, that's the least strategic land I would say 200 of that, that will take a long time for us to sell. So we got to kind of carry that, so think of our goal of 800 million of our share and a 1 billion overall as really being 1 billion and 1.2 billion for a while until we can work our way through that land. But it's a good market for selling land, its a good market for monetizing land, and we are getting much more efficient in terms of how middle land we need to support our $2.5ish billion development activity which is good.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Simone with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Rob Simone: Hi, guys, thanks a lot for taking the question. I was wondering - and this piggybacks on an earlier question - we know that Mexico is obviously a small part of the business today, but has there been any change in your thinking around your land positions there just vis-a-vis a longer-term outlook for the business? And, if not, what would it take to change your view?
Eugene Reilly: Rob this is Gene, let me take that one. So in terms of what's going on with Mexico let me start with what we see happening on the ground. So demand is still very strong in the population centers, I would say customers on the border are little bit hesitant right now for obvious reasons but turning to your question on land, Hamid just addressed this question, overall we feel very good about the progress we've made. We probably have too much land in places like Houston and Mexico absolutely stands out as one of those markets. We have some land in Mexico which is in the bucket and need references to take some time to grind through but we also have some very well-positioned land in population centers and I think what we're actually going to monetize through development a fair amount of that over the next couple years. So I don't think the composition of that land bank is the magnitude of it is too large but the composition of the land bank is in the places that we'd like it to be so I don't think were going to change strategy there.
Hamid Moghadam: The value of the land bank is Mexico City in Monterey, the acreage maybe in the border cities but the value of the land is in Mexico City in Monterey. And I would tell you there's a shortage of quality land in Mexico City, absorption and development has exceeded our expectations and actually rental growth in peso has been tremendous even throughout all this talk about that bad things happening to Mexico, the issue is that the currency has been week. So I would guard distinction between in land markets, consumer markets and the border markets. The border market yes, the acreage is high but the value of that land is not that much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi. I was wondering, are you expecting any cap rate movements in 2017? And have you made any changes to underwriting for acquisitions in particular?
Hamid Moghadam: Michael we haven't been active acquires in quite some time. Our volume of acquisitions in 2016 was one of the lowest it's been. So I - we've been saying that cap rates are too low for a long time and we keep getting surprised that they go - keep going lower. One thing I will tell you about cap rates, I don't think they are at sensitive at least in the private market to interest rate movement as the public markets thinks they are. So you know the trade there's some talk of interest rates going up in REIT selloff and six months later they come roaring back. The private market is a lot less volatile with respect to those cap rates and our portfolios have been consistently selling in the marketplace add values that are in excess of our internal NAVs. In fact non-strategic asset sales which is mostly what we've been doing, there's been about a 5% surprise across the board for us compared to our internal carrying values. And this is the lowest quality portion of our portfolio. So we've been wrong and we've been surprised on cap rates being low and lower than what we think. What will happen in the future I think it's a function of how much interest rates do actually increase. Remember cap rates were about the same place that they have been, but interest rates are 250 to 300 basis points lower today than they were back in 2007. So there's nothing that says cap rates have to go up if 10 year treasury is get to 4% or something like that. So I don't know but so far we've had a declining cap rates in recent past as oppose to an increasing cap rate. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Malkin with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Neil Malkin: Thanks, guys. Your European exposure the percent of your NOI got 17% and I just wondering if you could talk about what you see happening as far as scenario go you kind of did this earlier in the call with U.S. but there's a lot of very big important election coming up in Germany, France, the Netherlands et cetera. And maybe we know the rise in this sort of Eurosceptic protectionist regime across those countries have gained the popularity in earnest. And I just wondering if you guys have thought all about what would happen if those party got into power and if so, what would have into either the euro currency the impact on your businesses or your tenants, commerce and general over there, any thought would be helpful.
Hamid Moghadam: The good thing about our business Neil is that nobody releases warehouse space because they like to do something fancy. They lease warehouse space because necessities of life go through warehouses. And I' dont see people eating less food, less apparel or less toilet paper because of the politics of the country. I think the best recent example of that was Brexit, I mean there was all this brouhaha, but Brexit just killing demand in the U.K. and we're 99 point something leased in the U.K. and we had probably the best six month run in the U.K. that I can ever remember. So some of these things kind of don't follow conventional wisdom of the sky falling that, I dont have any particular views on currency, but we run our business in a currency agnostic way, that's why we're 92% in U.S. dollars and that's why we hedged a year or two of earnings ahead of time because we don't - we're not in that business, we're not better than anybody else in predicting currency. But we run our business in a manner where we're in effect hedged against those kind of risks. So, I think as long as consumption continues in Europe and it is the world's largest market is 375 million people may be chopped up into smaller pieces, but those people are still there consuming regardless of what their politics are. I feel pretty good about Europe. 
Thomas Olinger: Neil, let me just share sort of our base case, I mean we've basically got an up arrow on Europe today and if you just look at what's happening on the ground, this quarter Europe again up 60 basis points. And the big gains actually came in our weaker I would say regions, Southern Europe which is trending up to 95.5% occupied and Central and Eastern Europe which trended up to 96.5% occupied. The other place where we made gains is another place that we are struggling less than hundred thousand square foot basis. Again we went up by 240 basis points up to 93% occupied today. We've had four quarters of positive rental change. And as Hamid mentioned earlier we're expecting a cap rates moderate, so our view is that rents are going to continue to increase. So that sort of our forward forecast our expectation for the next several years, our expectation is that you are going to see a tail end.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Rodgers with Baird. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst : This is Dick here with Dave. A lot of my questions have been asked already. But, real quickly, with regards to your 2017 occupancy guidance, this is about 100 basis points lower than where you ended the year. Is this conservative or are you seeing something specifically, given where 2016 ended?
Hamid Moghadam: No, nothing particularly, I think there is some level of conservatism in that number, I would expect as to probably be a little higher, but I think what's more important what drives NOI as you all know is average occupancy and average occupancy is what we expect to be very similar year-over-year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Blaine Heck: Thanks. I just wanted to get back to land for a second. Can you guys talk about land prices in general? It seems like we've seen a major increase in most of the primary markets thus far this cycle. So, do you think further increases in land pricing are possible? And how have the increased prices influenced your ability to, number one, purchase land in your targeted markets and sub markets, and, number two, continue to achieve the expectable yields on those developments?
Mike Curless: Blaine this is Mike Curless. If you think about our land portfolio we've mentioned this a couple of times here recently, but we view our portfolio to be up at least 17% undervalued and we're certainly seeing land prices uptick particularly in the larger global markets, but we're also seeing rents higher in those markets which justify higher land prices. So we're selected as ever. Our primary acquisitions our expenses of our existing parks and those sites that we think we can turn through in two to three years. So we're being very selective on what we buy and there's a market out there for us to be successful in this environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel with Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Thank you for the follow-up. I can understand with the quirky land question I was confused for John Guinee there. I was wondering if you could comment a little bit about, I think we're seeing a little bit more in the press about 3D printing and automation starting to make its way into supply chains -- in very small amounts at this point but I was hoping you could maybe touch upon and give some examples of your customers upon this technology or what you might see going forward. Thank you.
Hamid Moghadam: I think 3D is an important technology and I think it will be really consistent with the automation and localized manufacturing. I think what people missed is that they think somehow 3D printing skips the supply chain, but the material that goes into 3D printing is got to come from somewhere and it needs its own supply chain. So I don't really think it really affects demand for industrial real estate in a major way. In fact because the supply chain will be less bulk for 3D printing, because 3D building is -- printing as oppose to mass production is about mass customization and more localized production. I think it requires a more complex supply chain.  So but I think it would be very difficult for 3D printing for most products to compete with the price of mass production particularly within the introduction of automation. So I think it's a great technology for innovation, for prototyping, but it's not really great technology for mass production. So that's our view of it. By the way it's not new 3D printing has been around for a long time. I remember actually in 1986 being at an MIT campus visit where they were actually printing models of cars that the kind that they used to make with clay models using layers of 3D printing laying down, I think the auto technologies is a lot for component and body manufacturing. So it's been around for long, long time. It's getting better all the time though.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Hi. Just a quick question. Any particular reasons why the investment capacity went down from $3.1 billion/$3.2 billion to $2.6 billion this quarter?
Thomas Olinger: That's been capacity - we have stopped trying to raising funds as long as we have uninvested funds and queues and as we work down those funds we'll go raise somewhere on a capital. It's not a real issue, I mean we will raise capital when we need to invest capital, when there is deployment opportunities.
Hamid Moghadam: Also there is a timing lag just between the redemption that we've done and just normal capital raising that that part of the cyclical nature of that.
Thomas Olinger: We actually reduced our share in our funds and allowed some of the accused invest in our funds as a way of satisfying those kits.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Jordan Sadler: It's Jordan Sadler. I just wanted to get a little clarity here on the view on Europe, if you could. First, what's driving the confidence here on Europe? And how can you tilt the portfolio to be a little bit better positioned to capitalize on the opportunity you see coming?
Hamid Moghadam: So I think our European portfolio is really well-positioned, I mean we've spent a lot of time in an effort on cleaning up our European portfolio in last couple of years and I think it's really well-positioned and it's a solid. It's by far the best portfolio in Europe. So I think where extremely well-positioned to benefit from that. I think the lagging part of Europe if youre going to pick on one place it's France and I think we're about to see some major political changes in France. So I think that will help our French portfolio, particularly Paris portfolio which has been lagging. That was the last question. So I really appreciate everyone's interest in the company and look forward to seeing you next quarter not sooner. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ron Hubbard  Vice President-Investor Relations Jim Connor  President and Chief Executive Officer Mark Denien  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kyle McGrady  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Manny Korchman  Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Jeremy Metz  UBS Securities LLC Mike Mueller  Analyst Jamie Feldman  Analyst Sumit Sharma  Analyst Blaine Heck  Analyst Eric Frankel  Analyst Kyle McGrady  Analyst Rich Anderson  Analyst Ki Bin Kim  Analyst
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Duke Realty Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. And instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, todays call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Ron Hubbard. Please go ahead.
Ron Hubbard: Thank you, Hart. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Jim Connor, President and CEO; and Mark Denien, Chief Financial Officer. Before we make our prepared remarks, let me remind you that statements we make today are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations. For more information about those risk factors, we refer you to our December 31, 2015, 10-K that we have on file with the SEC. Now, for our prepared statement, Ill turn it over to Jim Connor.
Jim Connor: Thank you, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. Ill start out with an update on the overall business environment and then transition into our third quarter results. Nationally, the industrial markets momentum continues to be very strong. Demand outpaced supply for the 25th straight quarter. New supply in substantially all markets is in balance and demand for modern bulk space year-to-date continues to beat everybodys expectations. Net absorption for the third quarter was 77 million square feet, thats the most since the fourth quarter of 2005. Although 40% of this absorption was in five of our markets, those markets include Southern California, Houston, Dallas, Chicago, and Pennsylvania. On the supply side, new supply in the third quarter totaled 53 million square feet, the most since the fourth quarter of 2008, yet speculative deliveries were down 15% from the previous quarter. The net result was another 20 basis point drop in the overall vacancy nationwide to approximately 5%, just from a historical perspective, the tenure average is about 8% and the recession was about 10%. These positive fundamentals continue to drive strong rent growth, 40% of all markets nationally are expected to post double-digit rent growth in 2016. As weve stated on previous calls, demand has been broad based even in the relatively slow 2% GDP growth environment. Containerized traffic flow, transportation industries and consumer confidence all trending in a positive direction with regard to demand for industrial product. Were seeing similar strength in our own portfolio with the completion of 4.4 million square feet of leasing for the quarter, which drove our in-service occupancy to 97.3%, a 60 basis point increase from the second quarter, which achieved another record high occupancy in the companys history. Rents on new and renewal leases for the quarter grew by 19%, reflecting continued strong supply demand fundamentals and our solid pricing power. A particular note was our continued success in leasing recently completed speculative projects. One notable transaction executed during the third quarter was a 615,000 square foot lease, for 100% of the space in our speculative project at our Camp Creek Business Center in Atlanta. This lease was signed by a major consumer products company for a term of 10 years. Overall, demand for space continue to be strong from traditional customers of industrial distribution space and of course the powerful direct and indirect demand forces of e-commerce. We believe our platform is in a very strong position to continue to capture this growth. The strong supply demand dynamics help contribute to same property NOI growth with 12 months and three months ended September 30, 2016 at 5.1% and 5.7% respectively. On the development side of the business, momentum continues to be very strong, as Ive alluded to in the last few calls. During the third quarter, we generated a $183 million of starts across six industrial projects and two medical office projects, in aggregate totaling 3 million square feet and about 50% pre-leased. The industrial development projects were spread across markets such as Chicago, Baltimore, Tampa, Indianapolis and Savannah. Many of you may recall hearing about the Savannah project was in the news recently. The 1.4 million square feet build-to-suit with a national retailer Floor & Decor was for a lease term of 15 years. On medical office side, we started 200% pre-leased projects in Raleigh and Dallas totaling 72,000 square feet. Both transactions were with existing healthcare system clients of ours and both were for lease terms of 15 years. Im also pleased to share with you that we have started three fully leased build-to-suit industrial projects after quarter end in early October with an expected cost of $113 million and an aggregate totaling nearly 1 million square feet. These deals were all executed with major brand name tenants. They were all executed on our land. These October starts are consistent with our increased 2016 guidance for development starts, which Ill expand on momentarily. Weve continued to see strong activity in our development pipeline, and our confident will close at 2016 in strong fashion, and are optimistic about 2017 as of today. Our overall development pipeline at quarter end has 21 projects under construction, totaling 7.2 million square feet and a projected $575 million in stabilized cost at our share. Were 58% pre-leased in the aggregate. Well continue to closely manage pre-leasing levels on new development start opportunities, as noted numerous times in the past. While our company has an excellent track record in competing for build-to-suit projects, well also continue to strategically allocate capital to speculative developments. In fact since the fourth quarter of 2014, we delivered 24 spec industrial projects that were initially 14% pre-leased. These projects are now 85% leased with strong prospects for the remaining space. Margins on the pipeline are expected to continue in the 20% range. We believe our strategy will continue to represent a solid risk-adjusted value creation engine for our shareholders. Turning to dispositions, we closed $227 million of transactions during the quarter at an overall average in-place cap rate of 7.4%. The largest component of these dispositions was the sale of an eight-building 1.2 million square foot office part in Indianapolis that included our corporate headquarters facility. I know there are notable dispositions that I alluded to on our last call with the closing of the user sale on the 936,000 square feet speculative industrial building in Indianapolis that had been placed in service, but was yet unleased. A few other notes on this industrial sale, first we sold this building for more than 20% gain to a major retailer for its dedicated Midwestern regional e-commerce facility. If we exclude this sale from our third quarter dispositions, the reported aggregate in-place cap rate would be 8.2%. For the remainder of the year, we expect $140 million to $260 million of dispositions, reflecting a small reduction in the previous midpoint of our guidance, part of this reduced guidance relates to an office part sale in Indianapolis that we had to put on hold until after an M&A transaction involving the primary tenant in the park is completed late in 2016 or early 2017. In addition, there were a few other assets that we expect to close late in the year, but could ultimately spill over into the first quarter. Overall, we are very pleased with our results for the year and were still progressing towards our target of completely exiting the suburban office business by year end or shortly thereafter. Even with these dispositions, we continue to be confident in our ability to growth our AFFO just as weve done for the last five years. With this continued steady AFFO growth outlook, and with what we believe is a very defensive portfolio to handle cyclicality. Were very pleased to announce a 5.6% increase in our regular quarterly dividend. Now, Ill turn it over to Mark to discuss our financial results and the capital transactions for the quarter.
Mark Denien: Thanks, Jim. Good afternoon, everyone. Core FFO per share was $0.31 for the third quarter of 2016 compared to $0.30 per share for the second quarter of 2016, and $0.29 per share for the third quarter of 2015. The increase in core FFO per share is due to our continued improvement in key operating statistics that Jim just touched on, as well as lower interest expense that resulted from our deleveraging activities over the last several quarters. AFFO for the quarter totaled $103 million, which was a 7.6% increase from the $95 million in AFFO reported last quarter. Our high quality portfolio continues to produce positive AFFO growth and were still comfortable with our original full year guidance of AFFO growth on a share adjusted basis of approximately 5%. In the equity capital markets, we issued $3.7 million shares under our ATM program in August and September for net proceeds of $103 million at an average issue price of $28.07 per share. In considering our share price relative to net asset value, the increases in our development pipeline that Jim previously mentioned along with our growing list of future prospects, we determined that prudent to use our ATM pre-funds development. We now raised all the capital necessary to fund the current pipeline as well as the next couple of quarters works of expected development starts from a few others on our prospect list and have less than $80 million of debt maturities through 2017. Our recent de-levering transactions have significantly strengthened our balance sheet and resulted in ongoing reductions to interest expense. Along these lines, Im pleased to note that in early October, Fitch Ratings upgraded our senior unsecured credit rating from BBB to BBB plus with a stable outlook. All of these capital transactions coupled with our operational performance, resulted in improvements to our key financial metrics during the quarter. We expect to see further improvement during the remainder of the year resulting from disposition transactions and highly leased development properties being placed in service. This is reflected in our revised guidance. Now, Ill turn the call back over to Jim.
Jim Connor: Thanks, Mark. In review of the year-to-date results and outlook for the remainder of the year, yesterday we raised the low-end of guidance for core FFO by $0.02 per share, narrowing the 2016 range to $1.18 to $1.20 per share, and affectively raising the midpoint by $0.01. Given the strong outlook on our development pipeline, we raised the development guidance to a range of $650 million to $750 million, up $125 million from the previous midpoint. Also due to continued overall strong operating fundaments, we raised our same property NOI growth guidance from a range of 5.2% to 6%, up about 70 basis points from the previous midpoint. Finally, given our capital recycling activities and recent debt pay downs, we changed the guidance for all three leverage metrics in a positive direction. We believe these improved leverage metrics put us firmly in position for a continued ratings upgrades in the near future. As noted in yesterdays earnings release, the full details on revisions to certain guidance factors can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website as well as on the back page of our quarterly supplemental. Let me reemphasize once again how proud we are to have the company repositioned with a rock solid balance sheet, a low AFFO payout ratio and positioned to support raising the regular quarterly common dividend by 5.6%. Now, well open the lines up to the audience, and I would ask that participants keep the dialogue to one question or perhaps two very short questions, and you are, of course, welcome to get back in the queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Kyle McGrady [Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.]. Please go ahead. Youre open.
Kyle McGrady: Im going to get back in the queue, let me ask  let me get my ducks in a row, call on us in 15 minutes.
Jim Connor: Thank you, Kyle.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of [indiscernible]. You are open. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Thanks, guys. Just a quick question, Page 22 of the sub, you reported growth in net effective rent slightly differently this quarter, where you wrapped up both the new and renewal leases for medical office and bulk industrial. What was the breakdown by those different property types for a growth in net effective rent for this quarter?
Mark Denien: Yeah, Tom, this is Mark. We in our effort can try to provide enhanced and better guidance for everybody. Well admit we inadvertently kind of omitted that. So well work on this page for the future and get that back in. But I would tell you two things on that. The medical office piece is just a small piece of the overall pie. It really doesnt move the needle. So if you look, for example, the third quarter number of 19.3% thats right about what the bulk was. We only had just a few thousand square feet, 23,000 square feet of medical deals signed in the quarter compared to 2 million square feet on the industrial side. So the medical is just not moving that overall numbers. So the overall numbers pretty closely industrial, I would tell you the medical is probably slightly lower than that and it was just a mix, but nothing now the ordinary there.
Unidentified Analyst: Completely fair. And then just one more quick one from me. Acquisition guide was bumped up for the full year. This is kind of bucking trends weve seen from other companies in the sector, everyone else seems to be slightly taking down their acquisitions just based on pricing for core assets being still very strong. What was it about? What you guys see in the market right now that led you to bump up the acquisition guide?
Mark Denien: Yeah. Were probably seeing the same things most or overall. But I would tell you the reason, we have ours  that we raised it is really related to a joint venture transaction that we planned on executing here. So in some existing relationship we have, we already have a part ownership in these assets and were just going to take our partner out this quarter. So thats where most of that fourth quarter activity is going to come from.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thats it for me. Thanks, guys.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we have the line of Manny Korchman [Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)]. Please go ahead.
Manny Korchman: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. So, Jim, if I go back to your comments on spec building, you said over the last couple of years, youve done a bunch of projects. If I had to rank your confidence now in starting a new spec project today versus if we sat here two years ago, so in October 2014, where would you be more confident in getting a spec project off the ground?
Jim Connor: Well, I think, wed be more confident today, just given the surprisingly strong numbers that weve seen year-to-date from both the demand and the supply side. I think it was particularly interesting that that spec deliveries in the quarter were actually down quarter-over-quarter by about 15%. And there has been some speculation that Fed has tighten the reigns a little bit on the money center and regional banks on construction lending, so that that was going to perhaps put a crimp in some of the local developers that were developing spec projects. I dont know if weve really seen that come to pass. But I would tell you sitting here today, were very confident given the track record weve had in getting this space leased. And I think you see that by the fact that we announced four spec projects last quarter.
Manny Korchman: Great. And then Mark on that the  I guess the JV buyout, it sounds like that youre thinking about, what would sort of a cap rate be on that, is that pre-negotiated?
Mark Denien: Yeah. Its a pre-negotiated cap rate, Manny. I wont disclose it individually, but I would tell you that we believe its a cap rates or its in a yield, its in excess of the cap rate. So we think that there is a  some good value there that were buying.
Manny Korchman: So if were just thinking about the modeling your total acquisition pool, where would that be now?
Mark Denien: Yeah. Total acquisition pool is probably going to be close to 7%, I would say.
Manny Korchman: Thats it for me. Thank you.
Jim Connor: Yep. 
Mark Denien: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Metz [UBS Securities LLC]. Please go ahead, Jeremy. Youre open.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, guys. Im just wondering your industrial occupancy is over 97%, so Im just wondering how youre thinking about this in terms of are you really pushing rents hard enough and then as we think about it going forward should we expect to see that occupancy actually start to tick down as you push around here?
Jim Connor: Well, Jeremy, thats  were in a really interesting time. I would tell you that I see the final terms of all of the major deals that were doing. And I would tell you, Im comfortable. I think thats backed up by 19% rent growth for the quarter. So, yeah, were comfortable where it is. I think its a reasonable to expect that thats going to come down. I think we could come down 100 basis points and wed still be in a very, very good spot. I dont anticipate that thats going to happen, because given the volume of leasing that were seeing out there. I just think its very unlikely that well have an off quarter or two, where well bring a bunch of spec projects in, that arent substantially pre-leased. And I think were seeing great renewal activity in our portfolio. So, were not anticipating getting any major vacancies backed this year or early next year that we can handle with our normal leasing volume.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. And then just one on the development front, you mentioned the strong build-to-suit pipeline. I was just wondering is there anything in particular thats driving that increased activity and then maybe can you talk about what markets those opportunities are really coming in, is that how much of it is maybe e-commerce related?
Jim Connor: E-com  Ill answer the second question first, Jeremy. E-commerce continues to be a very big driver of our business both on the leasing and on the development side. And you just think about it logically, we positioned the company, particularly the industrial portfolio, focused on the modern large bulk products and thats what e-commerce users need today. With the exception of some of the smaller infill last mile, which were doing a little bit of most of the fulfillment centers today were looking at are 800 square feet to 1.2 million square feet that brand new state-of-the-art 36 foot and 40 foot clear and thats really in our sweet spot. So, well continue to do a lot of business with the e-commerce companies and they will continue to be a great driver of our business.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mike Muller. Please go ahead. You are open.
Mike Mueller: Hi, quick question. On your GAAP rent spreads, theyre running at about two times the 2015 level. And I was wondering in terms of the drivers of the increase from the nine to ten to the high-teens now, would you say its primarily higher rate driving it or other dynamics and lease terms changing such as youre getting bigger bumps longer term. I was just wondering can you give us a little more background on that?
Mark Denien: Yeah, I would tell you its really all the above. Its just overall better quality leases. Were getting as good or better bumps, were getting better starting rents. Its really all the above. Its not really lease vintage driven, if you will. Were doing about a third of the leases right now that are rolling or what I consider to be in the trough period. Thats about the same percentage we were running at last year. The overall amount of leases rolling are getting smaller, because their overall expiration schedule is pretty light. But as far as the percentage of the leases rolling, the vintage of them are pretty consistent from 2015 to 2016. So, that doubled the increase, if you will, and that net effective rent growth is really just overall rent growth that we are driving, whether it be starting rent, or rent bumps, or truly all the above.
Jim Connor: Yeah, Mike, the only point I would add to that is and you touched on it in your question as lease term. Two things, the more really large deals we do, always tend to have longer terms, 10-year and 15-year lease terms. So that clearly helps there. The other side of it is with our portfolio is well leased as it is, we are doing very, very few short-term leases. Historically, its not uncommon to get a tenant to come to us and say, Im just not really sure what my business is going to do, I want to renew for 12 months or I want to renew for 18 months. And the truth is, were not doing very many of those leases. Today, kind of the short-term for us is three years and were really looking a lot of tenants up for the longer term, while weve got some leverage, so we can push rents and escalation. So, I think its all of those things but thats one point I wanted to add.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman. Please go ahead.
Jamie Feldman: Great. Thank you. I guess starting with the guidance, can you talk about  you did some delevering activity, so like if you would just move your guidance on your, kind of core operations, how much you would have increased it and then what was the drag from some of the deleveraging you did?
Mark Denien: Jamie, you mean the drag on earnings from delevering?
Jamie Feldman: Yeah.
Mark Denien: I would say that really nothing in what we reported. There maybe a little drag in the fourth quarter, because were sitting on cash in October until we can get that redeployed in the bonds that we bought back just last week in our development pipeline. So you may be looking at a penny drag in the fourth quarter, but it really didnt have any impact on the numbers we reported, nor would I say it would have an impact as we look forward to next year because it will all be fully redeployed by then. And then as far as the leverage metrics that we are at, I would tell you that theyre a little bit low because of raising the capital that we did in the third quarter to prefund. So, as an example, that debt-to-EBITDA number really close to 5.0. As we look out in the 2017, well probably be closer into the mid-5s. We wont need to raise any additional capital to fund all of this that I  like I talked about. So that leverage metrics will naturally move up closer to the mid-5s. But I would also point out that without any additional delivering, fixed charge will continue to get better because we have high coupon debt that continues to burn off. So, fixed charge will get better and debt-to-EBITDA will be kind of in the mid-5s.
Jamie Feldman: Okay. And then, I guess as you think about next year, big picture activity, like any big dispositions you think we might do, like how you guys are thinking about MLP now? Im just turing to think about, I mean your core seems like its improving, but what are the noise might we see next year? Do you guys continue to make some changes to the business to the balancesheet?
Mark Denien: Well, Jamie, I dont think were, at this point in the year, we are not planning to create any additional noise next year. I think the bulk of the heavy lifting will be done. I think weve really positioned the company to grow. And I think thats really what were focused on as we start to look forward to 2017.
Jamie Feldman: Okay. All right, thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And next, we have a line of Sumit Sharma. Please go ahead. Youre open.
Sumit Sharma: Thank you. So thanks for the commentary and all of the disclosure and commentary this quarter. I see that the GAAP rents, but its had me confused too, but Ron was instrumental in clearing that up. But I guess it sounds like NOIs growth is accelerating into fourth quarter, which is great and this may be an early indicator that 2017 could look a lot like 2016, maybe get some comments on that. But more importantly as a owner and manager of industrial real estate, I guess where are you guys most cautious, because if you think about the investor mindset, theyre all trying to say, were all trying to figure out well, this is little too good.
Jim Connor: No, guys, its not too good. You know, its good, you should enjoy it. Well, let me take your first question about 2017. Sitting here, kind of towards the end of October, I would tell you we feel fairly optimistic about 2017. There is nothing in the macro drivers of the industrial business, so called storm clouds on the horizon that would really give you pause. Weve been in a slow growth market, but thats been really good for the industrial business. Consumer confidence is still up, although as I referenced earlier in my earlier comments the transportation indices are a little inconsistent, but by and large, they are all reasonably positive. I think we look at the, particularly the supply and demand equilibrium in the marketplace. I think that weve had a fundamental change in the industrial business that is here for the foreseeable future, which is e-commerce. And if you look at the pace at which e-commerce is growing and the amount of space they need to support that business and most of that is in the form of new big boxes. I think were positioned very, very well for the future. In terms of what worries us in the future, I would tell you its not the U.S. and its not real estate. I think you got to go global macro to anticipate anything that could really put the U.S. economy in a bad spot or have some really negative trickle over into our market right now. But thankfully we dont see that right now. So were fairly optimistic.
Sumit Sharma: Thank you so much. If I may just ask one follow-up to that, I mean, if you were just thinking about it from  like you mentioned bulk distribution, in fact you categorized your industrial portfolio as a bulk distribution portfolio. What if in 2018 or going into 2019, its not about the bulk and its more about such a smaller, closer to last mile in-fill kind of assets. How are you prepping for that, how are youre getting into new markets, any commentary on that?
Jim Connor: Sure. Ill give you a couple of data points. First of all, thats a business we are in and we have been in for many years. And it probably doesnt get talked about enough and thats our fault. But Duke has a long track record of redevelopment, brownfield redevelopment, weve done a number of these projects in major metropolitan areas all over the country. So we do that, were doing business with some of our favorite e-commerce companies, and some of our transportation and 3PL companies right now. So, A, we are addressing that business. The second point is the last mile, which has gotten a lot of attention our industry of late is really fairly small. If you look at and do research on Amazon, for example, They have about two million square feet of these last mile facilities. They average about 50,000 square feet or 60,000 square feet a piece, right. They have 70 million square feet, a fulfillment center. And you need the fulfillment centers to drive this huge volume, I mean this is a company that has 30% market share of the e-commerce business in the U.S., it is growing at 15% or 16% a year. Theyre not going to be able to keep up that growth by focusing on 50,000 square foot in-fill, thats just really small piece of the equation. You look at the number of projects that they have in the pipeline, that are debated out there in the different public forum, they have twice as many of these major fulfillment centers, which average about one million square feet as compared to the number of the last mile. So, its an important piece of their business and its important piece of e-commerce going forward. But, quite candidly, its just not going to move the needle.
Sumit Sharma: Fair enough. Thank you for your comments. We will continue the conversation at [indiscernible]. Thanks.
Operator: And, our next question comes from the line of Blaine Heck. Please go ahead. Youre open.
Blaine Heck: Thanks. Good afternoon. So, I guess just back on the topic of acquisitions you guys have, the best balance sheet, you guys have had in a long time and there have been some pretty significant industrial portfolios on the market. So, if there was an opportunity to expand your presence in target markets with a substantial portfolio acquisition, would you guys consider it or do you think pricing is still at a place that might keep you from kind of chasing a deal like that?
Jim Connor: Blaine, if you got one, call me afterwards, well work on the deal. No, guys, the truth is we look at every deal that comes down the pipeline, every deal. And, the ones that we talked about in this last quarter, its a combination of the quality of the portfolio, the location of the real estate and the pricing. And all the ones that we looked at, we passed on for a variety of reasons. If the right portfolio came along, if it was, particularly, if it was heavily weighted into the markets that we want to grow in, we know what a reasonable price is. I think wed certainly try and be willing to pay up for that. And given where our stock has been trading and our balance sheet, I think, our currency is strong and weve got the ability to stretch. So when we find the right one, I think, well certainly be  well certainly try and make it happen. We just havent found the right thing. And its like you tell your kids, just because you got money in your pocket doesnt mean you got to go spend it.
Blaine Heck: Okay, thats helpful. Mark, you guys have seen very strong same-store NOI performance over the past several quarters and looks like guidance implies another good one in the fourth quarter. It seems as though occupancy has been a big win at your back [indiscernible], but given that you guys announced 97.3%, it will be pretty hard to maintain the year-over-year increase. So I guess, given where rent spreads are and where rent bumps are right now, what kind of level of the same-store NOI growth do you think you can achieve without kind of the benefit of increasing year-over-year occupancy?
Mark Denien: Yeah, Blaine, I mean, obviously well give a little bit better color on that again everyone to give our guidance for 2017. But I would tell you that if you just look at where we are today and where we think were going to be closing out 2016, about half of our same-property growth is coming right now from rent bumps and rent growth on rollovers. I think that is very sustainable as we look forward, because weve got rent bumps filled into really all of our leases. I think we are very bullish in our ability to continue to drive rental rate growth on rollover. So that that half of what we get, or getting right now, I think we feel very comfortable about that going forward. Youre exactly right on the occupancy piece. If you look right now, the remaining half of that same property growth, a good chunk of that is occupancy related. And it is going to be tough to continue to drive occupancy up, and like Jim even mentioned, I think, if we were to bet something right now, we may bet that it may tick back just a little bit, at least early in the year, next year. So lets just call it out flat and then you got to look at just efficiencies in your portfolio and where you can drive those. So thats a long-winded answer for San. I think, were still very positive in our ability to drive same property growth, maybe not at todays level. But I will caveat all that by reminding everybody that we dont put properties in our same property pool, until theyve been in our population for 24 whole months. So we believe we have just as much NOI upside if you look at total NOI growth on all the properties that weve delivered and are going to deliver in our development pipeline. So I think that overall NOI growth can continuously look forward at about the same levels that were driving today.
Blaine Heck: So can I push a little bit and ask whether its kind of between two and three or three and four?
Mark Denien: Ill let you know in January, Blaine.
Blaine Heck: Sounds good. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And next, we have the line of Eric Frankel. Please go ahead. Youre open.
Eric Frankel : Thank you. Obviously, everything is in great shape and youre commenting on the demand picture or nationally and specifically, some of the biggest markets, Houston, Dallas, Chicago, Pennsylvania, and Southern California. Are you seeing any supply, any  I know, obviously supply and demand has been imbalanced for last couple of years, where demand has outpaced supply. So are you seeing any big supply issues on the horizon in those markets? I think, just in the local reports, weve read over the last couple of weeks, we  I think, certainly in Chicago and Atlanta supply has picked up immensely. And I think it would, at the current development volumes, it would probably match with what demand has been in the last couple of quarters.
Jim Connor: Yeah. Eric, I would answer that in a couple of ways. Weve seen over the last few years, a handful of markets get, what I would call maybe slightly over built , and that the beauty of the markets today is how efficiently they are operating and you can look at, weve talked about over the last number of quarters, weve talked about Indianapolis, weve talked about Houston, weve talked about Columbus. And anytime those markets got slightly out of balance, all developers took their foot off the accelerator, we waited for demand to come back, which it has in all of those instances. So, I think from a macro level, the market is operating very efficiently. Yeah, you look at some of the numbers, we were having the same conversation probably a year ago, about Dallas, when Dallas was pushing I dont know 25 million square feet of speculative. Dallas is on track to do 20 million square feet of net absorption this year. So, Chicago and Atlanta have kind of joined that club, but theyre both having really strong quarters of absorption and the amount of activity that weve got is evidence by that 600,000 foot lease in our Camp Creek Park, is very, very strong. So, I dont see any, real warning clouds, there is a lot of activity out there to cover this spec development.
Eric Frankel : Okay. And thats helpful. Switching to the build-to-suit side. I am not sure about the cost basis for what you, what you started this quarter. But what you just announced in terms of your three build-to-suit, starts in early October, I guess that comes down to roughly $113 per rentable square foot. Can you comment maybe on the nature of the leases that seems somewhat expensive for industrial.
Jim Connor: Yeah. There might be one of those in there, thats got a little bit higher basis and a little bit more in-fill specialty use to it. Obviously, its early we cant give you specifics on each individual deal, I think well get into more specifics next quarter, when we announce everything, but there is one project there thats probably skewing the other two a little bit.
Eric Frankel : Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kyle McGrady. Please go ahead. Youre open.
Kyle McGrady: Great. Great. Hey, Jim if you guys marked  if you guys have answered this let me know, because I missed the first part of the call. But we noticed that the service operation expectations are declining while G&A is rising, anymore color on whats actually going on there?
Jim Connor: When you say...
Kyle McGrady: Page 32.
Jim Connor: Im sorry, John.
Kyle McGrady: What you have...
Jim Connor: 32 as a couple of
Kyle McGrady: Service operations essentially was...
Jim Connor: So, let me try that John. I think tried nowhere youre going here. So, if you look  if youre talking about from 2015 to 2016 levels, not revised guidance, right, I assume thats what you mean.
Kyle McGrady: Yeah.
Jim Connor: Yeah. So, early service operations are declining because were taking all of our development expertise and were building more buildings for ourselves rather than building buildings for third-parties. Its not really directly correlated with G&A either, Ive seeing theres not some correlation. But its really just a change in focus, were now on pace to do $700 million give or take a development this year for our own account. We havent staffed up to any measurable level on our people. So, what that means is were just doing less lower margin third-party projects, because we can do projects for ourselves. So, thats why service officers going down, thats really just a focus from third-party work to wholly-owned. And in G&A is actually if you look at G&A, its not as much, we were $51 million last year, a bit quite of our range this year is $53 million, thats really just the lovely cost of our government and being a public company. Its not really any inefficiencies or anything like that, its just increased SECBs and things like that.
Kyle McGrady: Okay. And then, Jim and I always talk about this, whats your long-term expectation for your land inventory, Jim. Are you going to get back up to $1 million dollars or what do you think is appropriate?
Jim Connor: Sorry John, I choked a little bit there. No, we have worked really, really hard over the last four years, five years to get the inventory down to the level it is, its actually under $350 million right now. We believe we can run this business through cycle with between $350 million and $400 million of land held for development and its really weve changed the culture on how we approach land. We are not buying it in 500 acre chunks and controlling it for 10 years, were buying it in smaller pieces. Were focused on putting it in to production much more quickly. So I think, its taken us a while to get there, but we are certainly in no hurry to get back, and I think youll see us continue to stay in that $350 million to $400 million range.
Kyle McGrady: Great. All right. See you soon. Thanks a lot.
Jim Connor: Thanks.
Operator: And next we have the line of Rich Anderson. Please go ahead, youre open.
Rich Anderson: Thanks. Good afternoon. So, earlier in the call given the sort of problems emerging in the industrial space kind of made you chuckle a little bit and I get it, you guys are in great shape, no argument. But in previous past cycle, not so much in industrial, but other sectors, REITs did a really poor job of no one went to walk away from the Blackjack table. So  speaking specifically about development, your expanding development, what are you looking for, if everything is just track record driven and youre feeling great and youre adding to the pipeline, what are you looking for as a signal to get to be early before its too late and you have some real problems. Im not saying thats now, but what are the some of the tell-tale signal that youre looking for this time around.
Jim Connor: Well, Rich, I think we can all reflect back on what the market look like in 2007 and 2008, and there were  there were comparable levels of supply coming on the market. It was much less preleased. So the entire market had much more spec risk out there. And I dont have the numbers right off the top of my head. But I would going for memory, I think we were 10% or 15% preleased as an industry last time. And now were in the 35% or 40% range. So I think thats one of the factors that we look at. The fact that demand has continued to outpace supply, and I think the fundamental difference this time and weve been talking about it on last several calls is e-commerce and the changes that has fundamentally may do our business. You could step back and look at all kinds of projections and forecasts out there for that side of the business. The most conservative ones Ive seen have it growing at 8% to 10% a year. The more aggressive ones are 15% to 18% a year. So I think that bodes very, very well for us. But on the outside, were looking at the supply demand fundamentals, both from a macro perspective and a local perspective, and even when you get to a local perspective were drilling down into specific submarkets. And then were looking at our portfolio. Weve committed to you guys and our investors that were going to keep our development pipeline, whatever size it is, at least 50% preleased. Were going to manage our risk much better this time. And some people have from time-to-time, but a little critical and said we might be leaving some opportunity at the table and if thats the case, so be it. And we continued to perform very well and keeping that prelease percentage up and today the pipelines at roughly 58% and I think in actuality, that maybe go up in the fourth quarter, given the build-to-suit volume compared to the timing on some spec projects, but that remains to be seen a little bit. So thats kind of how were thinking about it and what the things that were trying to manage.
Rich Anderson: Okay. So 58% is not quite the floor, but kind of close to the floor, you wouldnt want to see the overall pipeline go much below that, before you would get some leasing done and then add to it, is that the right way to think about it?
Jim Connor: Yeah. I mean I would say, we think the floor is 50% and in the last I think three years, we dipped below that one-time and I want to  I made a point of telling you guys a quarter in advance that it was going to happen and why. And in that particular case, it was simply just the timing from one quarter to the next of a number of spec projects and yeah, a lot of the markets that we deal in you cant build in 12 months a year, you can do that in Texas and you can do that in Florida, but in New Jersey and Pennsylvania and Chicago, you can only build about nine months a year or so. There is some of those instances. But yeah, the magic number for us is 50% that were trying to stay above.
Rich Anderson: Okay. And for Mark, if you could just answer a quick modeling question, maybe we could do this offline, if its not right at your finger tips. But FFO from unconsolidated, to bounces around from quarter-to-quarter, but your  you are going to have a deal in the fourth quarter. Can you give me sort of sense of what the run rate should be  on a kind of a go forward basis and if thats not a question you can answer now, maybe offline.
Mark Denien: Yeah, Rich, I could probably answer now, but I may not answer it correctly. So lets try to do that offline.
Rich Anderson: Okay. No problem.
Mark Denien: I probably think I know, but Id like to look at [indiscernible].
Rich Anderson: Okay. Sounds good. Thanks very much.
Mark Denien: Yeah.
Jim Connor: Yeah. Operator: Next we have in line from Ki Bin Kim. Please go ahead, you are open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. So Mark, you actually I made a quick mention about how you guys have a little bit less lease expirations going forward and Ill say compared to your peers more noticeably less just because you have longer leases. So how do you maintain 4% to 5% same-store NOI growth when you have less to recoup, even though Mark, rent growths are higher. I know youve about  probably about 2.5% cash rent step ups, but it just seems like it might be a little bit more difficult to get  to maintain a high same-store NOI run rate, just because you have less [indiscernible].
Mark Denien: Yeah, Ki Bin. I mean, like I had mentioned earlier, I think, we need to finish lowering our budget up for next year before we give guidance for next year on this number. I guess, my point there is Im not giving guidance, Im saying that I think it is difficult to imagine we can see this run rate next year. But somewhere, half of that give or take, I think we can get there, there is always efficiencies you can try to drive out your portfolio as well. Weve done a good job at doing that, so thats on top of the rent bumps, thats on top of the rent growth. So its somewhere in that, call it close to 3% range give or take, I think, a pretty good baseline start out and then well just see when we roll everything up how much north or south of that it is.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And now just quickly on G&A, youre going to exit the office portfolio completely by year end, it sounds like. But your G&A is just  actually been increasing over the past couple of years. So Im just curious if there is anything we can expect in the efficiencies on that line item?
Mark Denien: No, not really Ki Bin, Im mean, weve already really driven all the efficiencies out of G&A I think for the most part that we can. Most of the  any additional I should say cost savings that come out of the remaining dispositions we have are really sitting up in property NOI, itll be property level efficiencies that we have, what I would call the relatively slight increases weve had in G&A, the last couple of years are just kind of what I call cost of being a public company, theyre just raising greater than inflation. I would point out that if you look at our G&A load relative to probably any of our peers, one of the metrics we look at is, G&A is a percentage of gross revenues or G&A is a percentage of gross assets. While Id acknowledge our G&A has increased a little bit over the last couple of years, Id still put us best in class.
Ki Bin Kim: And just a last quick one. Are you  our cash lease price generally as a rule of thumb about half of the GAAP lease spreads, how do I think about that?
Mark Denien: No. We dont really calculate that Ki Bin. I would tell you its probably less than half. Because the GAAP lease spreads, the lease term matters, so if you got a five-year lease, you may have to divide that number by five even.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay.
Mark Denien: So, its probably, if youre at 20%, its probably closer to the mid single-digits give or take.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Mark Denien: Yeah. Operator: Yeah. We have a follow-up question from the line of Eric Frankel. Youre open. Please go ahead.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. Just a follow-up question regarding future asset sales and asset recycling. So obviously youve had this non-core pool of assets [indiscernible] with sell down and use at the fund development. If  for whatever reason your share price isnt quite as attractive in a year or two year, as it is maybe today, do you have a self-funding formula for funding development or cap allocation opportunities in the future?
Jim Connor: Well, Eric, thats just the last we talking about our stock price like that. No, Im just kidding. Yeah, I think we can always recycle assets. I think, as I alluded to earlier, wed like where the portfolio is. Weve done obviously all of the heavy lifting as it relates to the office portfolio, but weve also harvested some gains, weve sold a couple of Amazon buildings, weve liquidated a couple of joint ventures. Weve proven some industrial assets here and there. So, if we need to, we can certainly look at that as an opportunity to raise capital. Sitting here today, Mark will tell you weve got the vast majority of our development and borrowings for the next year, pretty well covered. So, even if we dont like where the price is from an equity perspective, I think were pretty well covered next year.
Eric Frankel: All right. Thats it. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And speakers no one else has queued up. Please continue.
Jim Connor: Thanks, Hart. Id like to thank everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to reconvening during our fourth quarter call, tenderly scheduled for January 26, 2017 and hope to see you many of you at May REIT next month. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does concludes your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and thank you for using AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-28 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ron Hubbard - VP, IR Jim Connor - President & CEO Mark Denien - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Blaine Heck - Wells Fargo Securities Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs John Guinee - Stifel Nicolaus Manny Korchman - Citigroup Dave Rodgers - Robert W. Baird Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Sumit Sharma - Morgan Stanley Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors James Feldman - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Duke Realty Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host Mr. Ron Hubbard. Please go ahead.
Ron Hubbard: Thank you, Ronda. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Jim Connor, President & CEO and Mark Denien, Chief Financial Officer. Before we make our prepared remarks, let me remind you that statements we make today are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. For more information about those risk factors, we would refer you to our December 31, 2015 10-K that we have on file with the SEC. Now for our prepared statement, Ill turn it over to Jim Connor.
Jim Connor: Thanks, Ron good afternoon everyone. I'll start out with an update on the overall business environment and our second quarter results. Naturally, the industrial markets momentum continues to be very strong. Demand outpaced supply for the 25th straight quarter, new supply in substantially all markets is balance and demand for modern bulk space year-to-date continues to beat expectations. Net absorption for the second quarter was 64 million square feet and year-to-date absorption is 124 million square feet. New supply in the second quarter totaled 35 million square feet, resulting in another 10 basis point drop in vacancy nationwide to approximately 5.2%. Our outlook is for these fundamentals to continue to be favorable for the remainder of 2016. We're seeing similar strength in our own portfolio with the completion of 6.9 million square feet of leasing for the quarter this drove our in-service occupancy up to 96.7%, 100 basis point increase from the first quarter and the highest in the Companys history. Rents on renewal leases for the quarter, grew by 18.6% also the highest on record for the overall portfolio, reflecting continued strong supply demand fundamentals and our solid pricing power. Of particular note was our continued success in leasing recently completed speculative projects and a leasing of second generation space with new tenants within our portfolio. One notable new lease was signed with Amazon for 1.1 million square feet, in our speculative project in Pennsylvania that was delivered in the first quarter of the year. Also we signed two new leases in the Indianapolis with R.R. Donnelley and Stryker, totaling over 1.3 million square feet. On the lease renewal side, we executed two leases with the container store in Dallas in our Freeport Park near DWF Airport, comprised with a 956,000 square foot lease renewal of existing space and 146,000 square feet of expansion space. In addition we executed two significant renewal leases with Hewlett Packard in Indianapolis and Genco Distribution in Columbus, each over 400,000 square feet. I will also note that while our renewal percentage for the quarter was 63%, it was impacted by 4 large expirations that were immediately back filled with new leases at much better rates. The largest drivers of leasing in our portfolio continue to be e-commerce, retail and consumer products distribution, both directly with our corporate clients and indirectly with 3PL clients as well as positive drivers from the food and beverage industry. In addition were seeing most of these customers continuing to allocate additional capital to their supply chain and inventory optimization. Our medical office portfolio continues to have good momentum with in-service occupancy increasing 20 basis points to 95.8% another all time record. And we continue to have a strong development pipeline for future development to go along with our existing pipeline. Turning to overall development for the quarter, we started $108 million of industrial projects, given our strong leasing performance were allocating more capital to speculative projects in our strategy to grow in Tier 1 markets. Three of these four developments starts are speculative and located in Southern California and Pennsylvania markets, all the while maintaining our pre-lease percentage and our overall development pipeline of over 70%. Our overall development pipeline at the end of the quarter had 18 projects under construction, totaling 6 million square feet and a projected $504 million in stabilized cost at our share that was 72% preleased. We expect these projects to create 20% margins and generate about a 6.6% initial stabilized cash yield. Our development outlook is very solid with a pipeline of prospects, many of which are build-to-suits that will continue strong value creation for the balance of the year. Our land inventory now sits at 344 million, as a result of monetizing about $40 million of land during in the quarter through sales and development. This is our lowest inventory level since 2003 and below our 2004 stated goal to maintain the land bank between $350 million and $400 million. With respect to capital recycling activity, we closed $173 million of building dispositions during the quarter in six transactions. This includes 55 million related to the Gramercy Property Trust joint venture dissolution that Mark will extend on in a moment. Similar to what we stated in the last call, the majority of our expected dispositions for the full year are scheduled to close in the third and fourth quarters and are proceeding as planned. But we also mentioned that we are under contract to sell our 936,000 square foot vacant speculative industrial building in the Indianapolis. This is a user sale and along with a significant leasing we completed during the quarter, raises our Indianapolis in-service occupancy to 99.8%. Id now like to turn it over to Mark to discuss the financial results and the capital transactions.
Mark Denien: Thank you, Jim. Good afternoon everyone. Core FFO per share was $0.30 for the second quarter of 2016 compared to $0.28 per share for both the first quarter of 2016 and the second quarter of 2015. This $0.02 increase is reflective of our continued improvements in our overall operating performance. NAREIT defined FFO was $0.35 per share, the largest reconciling item between Core FFO and NAREIT defined FFO was $24 million for both income recognized related to the dissolution of Gramercy joint venture that I will expand on in a minute. The promote income is excluded in FFO as defined by NAREIT but not Core FFO. We generated $0.27 per share in AFFO for the second quarter of 2016, which equates to an AFFO payout ratio of 67% compared to $0.26 per share in the first quarter of 2016 and $0.25 per share in the second quarter of 2015. Same property NOI growth for the 12 and three months ended June 30, 2016 was 4.5% and 3.5% respectively. Let me point out that the second quarters three month figure is negatively impacted by a few individually small non-recurring expense items. These items will have virtually no impact on our full year results as we look out to the remainder of the year. While occupancy growth should slow a little bit in the latter half of the year, we still expect strong rent growth which led to our increase in same-property NOI growth guidance of 1.375% at the mid-point. As I mentioned earlier we dissolved our joint venture of Gramercy Property Trust in which we had a 20% interest. This dissolution transaction consisted of seven of the joint ventures buildings being distributed to Gramercy, one industrial property being distributed to us, and the final property being sold to a third-party late last week. Two of the properties distributed to Gramercy were suburban office buildings. Our $173 million of property dispositions for the quarter includes $55 million for our 20% ownership interest in the seven joint venture buildings that were distributed to Gramercy and our $67 million of acquisitions for the quarter includes $51 million for Gramercy to 80% interest in the industrial property that was distributed to us. Also as I mentioned earlier the dissolution of this JV resulted in a $24 million promote fee being recognized in the second quarter. From a capital raising perspective, Id like to note that during the second quarter we received full repayment of the $200 million seller financing, that we had extended as part of the $1.1 billion office disposition that we executed in April 2015. We executed some significant debt transactions during the quarter as well. We used the proceeds that have been received from the seller financing I just mentioned and property shelves to payoff secured loans totaling $330 million to bore interest at an average effective rate of 5.8%. In June, we issued $375 million of 10 year 3.25% unsecured notes, which represent the lowest rate on a 10 year issuance in company history. In connection with this issuance, we initiated a tender offer that resulted in the repurchases $72 million of our 5.95% unsecured notes that were due in February of 2017. And we repaid the remaining $203 million of these notes earlier this week. These transactions significantly lower our overall borrowing costs. In the equity capital markets, we issued 4.6 million shares under our ATM program through July 08, 2016 for net proceeds of $111 million at an average issue price of $24.19 per share. With our growing list of development prospects and due to the fact that our shares did not traded at full interest of our net asset value in quite a while. We thought it was prudent to take some risk off the table and pre-fund some of this highly accretive development. We have only $14 million left in our current ATM filing plan to re-up the program to be prepared for future strategic and freedom opportunities. We concluded the quarter with $141 million of cash and lower outstanding borrowings on our line of credit. These capital sources along with the third quarter property sales are more than sufficient for the repayment we just made of the remaining February 2017 notes and the funding of our development pipeline for this foreseeable future. I would also point out that we have only $69 million of debt maturities until our next bond maturity in early 2018. All of these capital transactions coupled with our operational performance resulted in a significant improvement to our key financial metrics and we expect to see further improvements for the remainder of the year, resulting from the transactions and new income producing properties being in placed in-service. This is reflected in our revised guidance. And with that, Ill turn it back over to Jim.
Jim Connor: Thanks Mark. In reflection of our strong performance for the first half of the year, and positive outlook for the second half of 2016, we increased our AFFO per share guidance by $0.01 at the mid-point. Given the strong outlook on our development pipeline, we also raised our development guidance to $500 million to $650 million up $75 million from the original mid-point. Also due to continued strong overall operating fundamentals, we raised our same-property NOI growth guidance to 4.25% to 5.5%, up 1.375% from the previous mid-point. Finally, given our capital recycling activities and our recent debt pay downs as Mark touched on, weve changed the guidance for all three of our leveraged metrics in a positive direction. Details are provided in the supplemental package in the last nights press release. We believe these improved leverage metrics put us firmly in a position for a ratings upgrade in the near future. Revisions to certain other guidance factors can also be found in the Investor Relations section on our Web site. In closing, were very pleased with our teams execution through the mid-year and our leasing performance, capital redeployment and balance sheet management. We are very optimistic about a strong performance for the remainder of the year. Well now open up the lines for the audience. And we ask participants to keep the dialog to one question or perhaps two very short questions and you of course are welcomed to get back in the queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Blaine Heck. Please go ahead.
Blaine Heck: Great, thanks. Mark, as you mentioned, you guys were active on the ATM during the quarter with $111 million of issuance on what seemed to be pretty good pricing. But your stock is up almost $4 a share from the average price of this quarter's issuance. So can you just talk about your appetite for further ATM issuance when you re-up the program?
Mark Denien: Yes Blaine well if you look at the guidance that we changed for development and acquisitions, if you combine those we raised our total investment outlay by about $175 million. So we kind of looked at that incremental $175 million of investments and where our stock was trading at it was a good way to prefund that. So, we're really taking care of both from a balance sheet perspective and really everything we have baked in our guidance through the rest of the year. I mean certainly we like our stock price better where it is today and we did the deal. So I think we would look at any additional equity going forward as it would have to be to fund incremental investment opportunities above and beyond what's already in our guidance.
Blaine Heck: Okay and that's helpful. And then just a follow-up: the increase in same-store NOI guidance is pretty substantial, over 1% higher at the midpoint. So can you give us some color on what you're seeing at this point? It's much better than what you had expected in the beginning of the year, whether it's on the rent side, occupancy side, or even expense savings. And was it driven by better execution in the first half of the year or kind of better expectations for the second half?
Mark Denien: Quite honestly Blaine it's a little bit of everything you just mentioned, I mean our occupancy is better than what we had expected and that is reflective in the increase in our guidance. Some of that occupancy hasn't made its way in the rent yet and most of our actions stay on lease sign basis. So as those leases come online we do expect rental increases, some of the leasing we did early in the year or even late last year may have had just some minimal free ground or reduced rent in there that's burning off so you we have, rental rate increases, you've got occupancy increases and then rental rate growth is better than what we expected at the beginning here as well. We reported almost 19% increase in rents this year on a GAAP basis and as we look forward about 25% of all of our leases rolling in the next 18 months were signed in that trough period. So, we do believe we can continue to grow those in the 20% range and you couple those with some newer deals and we still think rent growth is going to look very similar going forward. So, I think it's just a little bit of everything that you mentioned that is driving that.
Blaine Heck: Okay. Sounds great, thanks guys.
Operator: Brad Burke. Please go ahead.
Brad Burke: Hi good afternoon guys. I just wanted to get your updated thoughts on the suburban asset sales that you have planned for the balance of the year: one, whether the pricing and the interest that you're seeing in the market now is in line with what you had expected when you had initially given the guidance for the full year? And then, two, the guidance that you have for the remainder of the year -- the implied proceeds, is that entirely suburban ops at this point or would we expect there to be some industrial sales included in that total as well?
Mark Denien: Well, Brad I would say that everything is on track, a couple of kind of general comments. I think that buyer pools in general, while they are still deep enough for us to get deals done are a little shallower than they had historically been, but were making progress and were kind of on track with everything we have got planned for the remaining office dispositions for the rest of the year, so we didnt feel it was warranted to change any of our guidance there. Its not a 100% office as we talk about we sold some buildings in Phoenix this year we sold a couple of buildings in California. And I think through our year-end numbers were projecting about 70%-75% of it could be office and about 25% to 30% of it could be industrial and a couple of one off we do -- we sold the last of our retail things and a few other clean up items. So I would say 70%-75% of it is office.
Brad Burke: And just related to that, on my math it's almost $500 million of guidance at the midpoint for the back two quarters of the year for dispositions. So 75% of that -- is it right to think that $350 million to $400 million would be suburban office proceeds? And would that represent the bulk of your suburban office portfolio?
Jim Connor: My CFO is sitting next to me shaking his head, so he confirms your math.
Brad Burke: He is shaking, yes, okay good.
Jim Connor: Up and down.
Brad Burke: Good. All right. That's it for me, thank you.
Operator: John Guinee. Please go ahead.
John Guinee: You guys are really rocking and rolling, how the hell did you ever get down to $300 million of land?
Jim Connor: Well thank you John, I will take that as a compliment. As we have talked about this at the last meeting, we have really changed the culture of Duke Reality. Many of you who have followed us over the years, we used to love to buy 500 acre farms and turn them into business parks and its really tough to economically carry land for extended periods for time like that, so we have a much shorter time horizon on vacant land that we want to carry, we prefer to take it down and bite those pieces and put it into production as quickly as possible. So as tough as has been for us to get here, its really been a welcome change, because the guys that need land can buy land and can put it into production right away. So I appreciate the compliment, it has been a long road getting here from the roughly $980 million we had back in 2008, but we think, were in a sweet spot and we think we could stay here for the foreseeable future.
John Guinee: All right okay, now.
Jim Connor: Now the real question?
John Guinee: Yes, one more question. Looking at page 28, looks like you have got a big build-to-suit in Southern California and then a couple 600,000 square feet of spec product. And that's almost half of your stabilized costs of bulk distribution, but you've got -- your yields on these, on the whole page at about 6.3% on a cash basis, what do you -- can you talk a little bit more about where in Southern California these deals are located, and what sort of yield on costs you're expecting in So Cal?
Jim Connor: Yes sure John, the -- most of our development in Southern California right now is in the Inland Empire that large build-to-suit that you referred to is out there and several of the other buildings, although were doing one into a redevelopment project, closer in, in Orange County, while those cash yields are down from what you have had historically seen from Duke Realty's portfolio in our either more mature or our mid-western markets. They are still -- it is a great spread over what the exit cap would be as you know pricing in Southern California has reached just virtually record levels, every deal we are seeing today is trading now in the 4s, and some of the exception of properties that are trading in the high 3s from a rate perspective. So even in a 63 we are still creating a tremendous amount of value for our shareholders there, if we would look to monetize that which we are not, we want to hold and grow that portfolio out there.
John Guinee: Are any of these the Chevron site? Did you win that site? I think it was Chevron. I know it was an oil
Jim Connor: [Multiple Speakers] none of those has a Chevron site, we do have that under contract and if everything holds thats probably a very late fourth quarter or first quarter start next year.
John Guinee: Okay, keep up the good work. Thanks.
Operator: Manny Korchman. Please go ahead.
Manny Korchman: Maybe if we just think back to combining your, the desire to do equity or the ATM with the -- through the portfolios that are out on the market, especially when your stock's trading at a premium to NAV, do you look at those portfolios now in a different way than you would have before the recent run in your stock price? Maybe how do you balance between the ATM and the larger equity offering?
Jim Connor: Well, I think we'll both chime in on this. We look at every major portfolio thats out there, and most of the smaller ones and one off deals, it is nothing else just to be apprised of what's going in the market, what investor activity is and what pricing expectations are. So we are abreast of everything thats going on and we have yet to see an opportunity that we think is available at a price that we could demonstrate value creation. And really fits in our targeted growth portfolio. And for us thats the West Coast and predominantly the North-East, maybe South Florida. We have got really dominant portfolios in most of the other cities, so if we were on a stretch today, we would be in probably one of those three geographic areas. And we have them tune the right opportunity. So Mark I will let you add a little additional color.
Mark Denien: Yes, I think as Jim said right on, I think you still first Manny look at the quality of the property and where the property is located and is it a property we want to own, regardless of what our capital cost is. Just because we are trading at a nicer stock price today than we were six months ago, doesnt make us want to go out and over pay for properties. So I think the quality of the property and where it is still number one and if we are trading at a nice size premium it may help us justify stretching a little bit it still got to be property that we want.
Manny Korchman: So if we combine all of those thoughts together, what's the likelihood that you actually act on picking up a larger portfolio in the next, call it, six to 12 months? Are you seeing anything you like, especially now that you can pay for it? I'll ask it differently.
Mark Denien: No, I dont think we see anything out there right now that we like well enough to do that. And as far as large portfolios, I am not saying that there won't be a one off transaction here or there but no large portfolios out there right now that we see.
Manny Korchman: That was it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Dave Rodgers. Please go ahead.
Dave Rodgers: Jim, I think in your commentary you talked about having a pretty big backlog of build-to-suit activity, but obviously the start to the quarter were all spec. So I don't know -- maybe a little color on kind of was it just a timing issue in terms of what you started and what you plan to start the rest of the year? And I guess maybe a second part of that question is, I guess, looking maybe into 2017 without giving specific guidance, does that give us a good confidence that that pipeline could be equal to or larger going into 2017 than it is today?
Jim Connor: Yes. Sure Dave. Its always about timing and try as I may, I cant always get my clients to sign leases by quarter end. They just dont feel the same sense of urgency that Mark and I do. But yes, we took a very close look and we assumed several of you would ask this very same question. Because, if you look at where we are midpoint, and wed tell you, we were pretty much in line with what we had originally projected. But we do have a very-very strong pipeline for the second half of the year, its very consistent with the business that weve been doing. A lot of our existing clients in the areas of ecommerce and consumer products some directly with them, some with 3PL providers. And weve got a good mix all across the country, so given that we felt very comfortable raising the guidance on the development side. So I think you can look well forward to bigger numbers in the third quarter. I will tell you looking out beyond kind of the six month horizon. Were still very optimistic, our clients are not showing any skittishness, any pullback. Everything thats on track to get signed, I would say in the foreseeable future, the next three or four months is going full speed ahead. And our clients are probably more engaged with us today about their future needs whether its in the form of build suits or taking speculative space, because the markets have gotten so tight. So you are a 800,000 foot user or a million square foot user in a major market. You dont have nearly the number of options. So weve gotten engaged with much more of our clients, theyve been much more forthcoming with what their needs and expectations are over the next 24 months. And that has left us fairly optimistic as well.
Dave Rodgers: Great, thanks.
Operator: Michael Carroll. Please go ahead.
Michael Carroll: Thanks. Kind of off of Dave's question, Jim, you seem much more comfortable starting speculative projects today compared to six months ago. Is this a function of leasing up the existing pipeline? Or are you seeing something, this activity in the market, that makes you more encouraged?
Jim Connor: Well, I think its a couple of those things. If we all reflect back on where we were about seven months ago going into 2016, we were all talking about markets reaching equilibrium sometime in 2017. We were anticipating that absorption was probably going to be in that closer to 180 million to 200 million square feet. And I think all of us are peers and you guys anybody that follows the sector has been very pleasantly surprised. Were on track to be at or above absorption, the average for the last couple of years if you just look at where we are for the first couple of quarters. And then you impair with that how successful weve been leasing virtually all of these major spec projects that we have put. Weve leased a bunch of them right before theyve even come in-service, weve leased another few right as they have come in-service, the one that we have under contract to sell through user here in Indianapolis that was probably in-service for about six or seven months. It was probably the longest one we had on the shelf. So I think given the confidence in our operating teams, our record high occupancy. And the state of the overall demand in the marketplace, we feel more comfortable accelerating a number of those spec projects.
Mark Denien: Yes. And I would just reiterate what Jim said earlier too that this quarter being almost entirely spec, it was just more timing than anything. Weve got some pretty good datapoints looking forward of build-to-suits in the pipeline prospect so I think just going forward it will be still in that above 50% to 60% prelease range in total, so.
Michael Carroll: Great, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Ki Bin Kim. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Could you just comment on what you think lease spread could be going forward? You obviously put about 18% this quarter. If you look at the mix of what's coming due and the strength in just overall industrial market rents, do you think that is a sustainable number, or could it actually get better?
Jim Connor: Yes, I will try that Ki Bin. I think it's for the next six to nine months I think its pretty sustainable, I think I mentioned earlier about a fourth of our leases rolling into next 18 months for what we still consider to be those trough leases and we're going to push rents really-really hard there and they will be in the, several of those would be in the 25%-30% range. But I think overall we reported 19% this quarter I think we were more or like 14-15 the previous quarter I still think you will see us in that mid to upper-teens on average for the next three to six months.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And
Mark Denien: Yes. And Ki Bin I would add to that. If you just if we all step back and we look at the macro numbers today most of the brokerage and research firms are attracting somewhere 165 million and may be 180 million square feet of supply, that's projected to come in-service over the course of the next year and we're on track to have another year of 240 million to 250 million plus square feet of absorption. So I think in the short-term if there is a higher probability that that overall vacancy goes down, before it goes up again, and I think if you see that macro trend you're going to see us continuing to have the leverage to continue to push rent.
Ki Bin Kim: And just tied to that, typically I think your expiration profile is about 10% per year. How much do you really pull forward -- so from a practical standpoint, even though you show 10%, is it really like 12%, 15%? Just curious how that looks like.
Jim Connor: Yes Ki Bin we don't like to get right up to the day the lease rolls. So, when that lease renews it's typically going to be two to six months before it comes up so you could be looking at pulling forward call it may be six months of the next year's leases so that takes you from 10% to closer to 15%.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And this is just a question based on your same-store revenue off those two things. But if you are rolling over, like, around 15%, and -- let's give it the benefit of the doubt that you can do 18% market rent growth, how do you get above 2.5%, 2.7% same-store revenue growth or 3% revenue growth on a go-forward basis, even though industrial fundamentals are really strong? What are we missing in that equation?
Jim Connor: Okay. I am not sure I followed that one Ki Bin. So, are you quoting a number that we reported, are you looking to
Ki Bin Kim: No, no. I'm just saying, in theory, if you are rolling over 15% of your portfolio and market rents are up, on a GAAP basis, 18%, how do we get above 3% same-store revenue growth?
Jim Connor: Same-store NOI growth?
Ki Bin Kim: Well assuming occupancies are flat, right?
Jim Connor: Well I don't think we're assuming occupancy to be flat, we're assuming we're still going to drive occupancy. Occupancy growth will slow but we're not assuming flat occupancy. So we believe that we will still grow occupancy in that pool for properties for the next six months. You couple that with the rent bumps, which we have about 2.25% rent bump. You then add the call it 15% that you talked about rolling, that we can push rents up close to 20% and then the final factor is burn off of free or reduced rent and all that together is what gets you up to that number.
Operator: Sumit Sharma. Please go ahead.
Sumit Sharma: Hi. A question on capitalized interest, so you've increased the guidance for development starts, and that should result in higher capitalized interest, at least maybe in the second half of the year. I'm just wondering what level of capitalized interest savings or what level of overall interest savings are you contemplating from this versus, say, 2015?
Jim Connor: Really about the same run rate that weve had the first half of the year, even though were quoting a start number, we capitalize our interest based on the actual spend, so a lot of the starts that were quoting, the development spend wont happen until late this year, or early next year. So were really looking at continuing at about the run rate that we have for the first half of the year. And then to couple that I would say also, with the fact that our overall average borrowing costs are going down, so that actually lowers the amount of interest we capitalize a little bit as well.
Operator: Eric Frankel. Please go ahead.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. Mark, can you help me out with -- do you have on hand the re-leasing starts for renewal leases if you factor in those new deals that were signed as soon as the spaces went vacant?
Jim Connor: Yes, I would tell you that Eric we have always -- are you just talking about the new second generation leases that backfilled, what that would have been?
Eric Frankel: Right, yes, yes, just because you threw in the renewal percentages [Multiple Speakers].
Jim Connor: If you just isolated those deals, it would have improved it quite a bit.
Eric Frankel: Okay.
Jim Connor: In total I would tell you that the total new second generation leasing this quarter, because it was easy, it was like an apples to apple comparison of the old tenants out with the new tenants, in the past we have never quoted that number because sometimes it all take the same space and all that. This quarter it happened to be pretty easy. I would tell you, if we would have quoted that number it would have actually been a little bit better than our renewal.
Eric Frankel: Okay.
Jim Connor: Not a lot but a little bit.
Eric Frankel: That's helpful to know. And just another question; I'll jump in the queue if there's other people, but I'm trying to understand the same-store NOI growth calculation and how development -- contributions from development influence that, just because, as you said, there's a lot of leases that are coming -- there's a lot of properties coming to the portfolio with leases that are just signed. And I'm trying to understand just how that's -- how it's influencing the same-store NOI growth statistic and whether NOI is actually understated this quarter as a result of all of that lease-up that occurred?
Jim Connor: Yes and I may have misled you there Eric, its not just development its leasing in general and an example of that will be those four big backfill deals, they are in our occupancy numbers as the leases are signed, but were not collecting rent yet but well start to collect rent on that in the third and fourth quarter, so its not just development that is causing that it is just, its all that we say we are doing not just development. But the way -- but there may be a specific answer to your development question, the way we do same-property is we put properties in our same-property pool, after they have been in-service for 24 full months. So as you sit here today the only development projects we have in our same-property pool, would have to have been in-service on March -- I am sorry on April 01, 2014, so that you had two-full years in there. But I dont know if that answers your question or not?
Eric Frankel: Okay. I just -- so you think that the timing issue related to some of the leases you sign during the second quarter -- that just hadn't quite flown through?
Jim Connor: I think that is right, it's more timing than anything and then as I tried to mention in my opening remarks, in the second quarter there were three or four individually small expense true up type items that hurt us this quarter. And actually if you went back to the previous years quarter, we had a couple of adjustments that were revenue related that helped that quarter so when you look at the 2 together it distorts this quarter's NOI growth a little bit. And FYI I think you've heard me say this a million times, I dont like to look too much at just the quarterly number, I like the 12 month number better because it doesnt take one little item and multiply it by four and skew your result.
Eric Frankel: Understood, okay, we'll do some work. We'll jump back in the queue. Thanks.
Operator: James Feldman. Please go ahead.
James Feldman: Thank you. With your large build-to-suit pipeline, can you talk about what's happening to the space those tenants are leaving behind? Are these new requirements and space reconfigurations, or are they already in the portfolio? It seems like everybody is looking for new buildings, but how do we think about the fallout from that?
Jim Connor: Well Jimmy, I think if you just look at our existing portfolio and the fact that we have been able to raise occupancy, net-net there is a great deal of net absorption out there. If you want us to talk specifically about those build-to-suits, some are absolutely new deals where the client has not given up any space, some of which are consolidations of multiple spaces where they are looking to gain some additional efficiencies, they are generally additional space in there because most of these clients are growing. But as we did this quarter, we have been able to backfill space at very good rental rates. So in that there is probably a little bit of both, but there is a lot of demand out there when you have got overall nationwide vacancy is 5.2% and you have got a lot of big users out there seeking new space. It's a good time for us in the industrial business.
James Feldman: Okay. And then in terms of the speculative starts in the quarter, it looks like Eastern Pennsylvania and Southern California. Are there other markets, do you think you'll spread to more markets with the speculative starts? I know it sounds like it will still be pretty measured. And then how would you say the count -- like, other developers in the market, are you seeing them start to get more comfortable with spec, also?
Jim Connor: Well, Ill take the last question first. Yes, there is no shortage of people doing spec development, I think what we are all very happy or pleased with is that demand continues to outpace supply by a find pretty healthy margin. To your first question when we have got I think 18 of our 21 markets above 90%, and 12 above 95% and a couple at 100%. We are in a position to start specing virtually all of our markets. We will probably be a little bit more measured than that. Particularly some of the markets like New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Southern California are the high barrier markets where it takes a little longer to entitle land and improve projects. You probably can't reload quite as fastest as you would like, and thats a burden we bear for being a little bit more cautious than perhaps some of the local developers. But its worked for us very well so far. So youll continue to see us take a measured approach do some speculative development in a number of these different markets we mix that in with our build-to-suit, and I think the pipeline will look very-very good in the second half of the year.
James Feldman: All right, great. Thank you.
Operator: Blaine Heck. Please go ahead.
Blaine Heck: Thanks. Just a quick clarification related to the vacant Indianapolis asset you guys have under contract. So was that move to held-for-sale during this quarter, and thus had a positive effect on occupancy during 2Q? Or is that going to be a positive for occupancy in the third quarter?
Jim Connor: No Blaine, it was moved in the second quarter. So its moved out of our population, if you will down in the held for sale, so that did help occupancy in the second quarter. And when we sell it in the third quarter it will have no impact on occupancy since it has already been taken out.
Blaine Heck: Got it, thanks.
Operator: Eric Frankel. Please go ahead.
Eric Frankel: One more question. How tough it is to buy land today?
Jim Connor: Eric, its not tough, its expensive. And most of our markets that were active in land prices have exceeded previous peaks of 2007-2008. I think thats another reason why our strategy to be very-very prudent on our land inventory is paying off for us. So I was asked so I think it was probably at NAREIT if given where we were, we were going to go out and bulk up on land and we have continually advised our business guys. Now is not the time to bulk up on that. We will buy what we need put it in-service as quickly and efficiently as possible and keep that land inventory at a very efficient level. And we will look to make some key buys somewhere down the road when land prices return to a somewhat more normalized level.
Eric Frankel: Okay. Actually, I misspoke. I have one more question. Can you just clarify the valuation of the JV breakup with Gramercy? I think on the back page of the supp, you value a building at $67 million. But I think you, in your opening commentary, made it sound like it was actually closer to -- $53 million was the portion of which that you paid. So I'm just trying to understand the valuation better.
Jim Connor: No there were two buildings Eric. We bought two buildings this quarter, I think we quoted 51 million for the value of the industrial building that we effectively bought I am air quotes here from Gramercy and then about $16 million for a medical office building that we had actually had under contract for well over a year. So there were 2 buildings in that 67 million in the supplementals.
Eric Frankel: And that $51 million -- for the 80% interest?
Jim Connor: Correct.
Eric Frankel: Okay. That's all I need to know. Okay, thank you.
Jim Connor: All right, thanks.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue. Please continue.
Jim Connor: Id like to thank everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to reconvening during our third quarter call that is the October 27th. Thanks again.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-19 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracy Ward - SVP, IR Hamid Moghadam - Chairman & CEO Tom Olinger - CFO Gary Anderson - CEO, Europe & Asia Mike Curless - Chief Investment Officer Gene Reilly - CEO, The Americas
Analysts: Steve Sakwa - Evercore Ross Nussbaum - UBS Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Blaine Heck - Wells Fargo Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan Manny Korchman - Citi Tom Lesnick - Capital One Securities Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Erin Aslakson - Stifel Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs Sumit Sharma - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Kim, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2016 Prologis' Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please limit yourself to one question. You may rejoin the queue for any follow-up questions. Thank you. Ms. Tracy Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Tracy Ward: Thanks, Kim, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2016 conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning, we'll hear from Hamid Moghadam, our Chairman and CEO, who will comment on the company's strategy and the market environment; and then from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results and guidance. Also joining us for today's call are Gary Anderson, Mike Curless, Ed Nekritz, Gene Reilly, and Diana Scott. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about the market and the industry, in which Prologis operates, as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice on our 10-K or SEC filings. Additionally, our first quarter press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and, in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. With that, we will get started and I'll turn the call over to Hamid.
Hamid Moghadam: Thanks, Tracy, and good morning everyone. 2016 is off to a great start. The momentum we had at the end of last year has continued into the New Year. We posted record first quarter numbers on rent change, which was stronger than expected at over 20%, and core FFO which grew 24% year-over-year. At this point in the cycle, we're pushing rent growth over occupancy. Nevertheless occupancy is still very high at over 96%. These and other metrics which Tom will discuss in a moment point to continued growth ahead for Prologis. I'd like to take a moment to elaborate on how and where we make our money. Many of you already know this but I believe it's worth repeating. We make over 90% of our core FFO by collecting rents. The rest is generated by fees and promotes from our strategic capital business. Together rents and fees represent a stable cash flow created from our operating portfolio. Separately, the value creation from our development business, including value added conversions, propels our future earnings growth. So our operating and development activities address how we make money. Now as to where we make our money when collecting rents 72% is in the U.S. and 28% comes from abroad, roughly 90% of our net equities in U.S. dollars. Many ask us why we're global. In short, we are global because our customers are global and so we've organized our business to capitalize on this unique aspect of our sector. About two-thirds of our development value creation fees and promotes are generated outside the U.S. As an aside these benefits actually cover more than a 100% of our global overhead. I view Prologis as an owner/operator in the U.S. and a fund manager and developer in Europe and Asia. We have minimal exposure to emerging economies. Market conditions remain favorable under world's most vibrant centers of commerce. In these strategic locations, demand was solid with supply still very disciplined. These business conditions have persisted for several years now. While we anticipate supply/demand reaching equilibrium this year, we see few obstacles on the road ahead that could disrupt that balance. In the U.S. quality properties remains scare which is leading to strong rent growth and high occupancies. We will continue to signal watch list markets. In this quarter we have no new markets to call out. In Europe and Asia, rents are up modestly from last quarter, balanced by slightly lower occupancies. In Mexico, rents were up slightly, and occupancies flat, while in Brazil rents are down modestly, but occupancy is at a 100%. The key drivers of our business consumption and e-commerce continue to grow faster than underlying economies. We have every reason to expect these trends to continue into the future. KCR is all paid off. Our funding activities, specifically the short-term loan associated with that deal concluded less than one year after it was announced and ahead of schedule. With the transaction paid in full, and the portfolio integrated, today's call is probably the last time you will hear us talk about KCR. We have capacity to fund more than five years of capital deployment. At our current run rate, our total annual funding requirement is $600 million. We expect to fund this through the rebalancing of our co-investment ventures, reducing our land bank, and selling our remaining non-strategic assets. These one-time sources total more than $3.5 billion and give us the ability to fund more than five years of net deployment activity. We will further simply our business overtime. Over the last several years we made great strides in optimizing our business to put us on a path for long-term sustained earnings growth. In addition look for us to continue to streamline our business through the ongoing realignment of our portfolio, further G&A efficiencies, land bank optimization, and reduced leverage. Now, let me turn it over to Tom, for further comments.
Tom Olinger: Thanks, Hamid. We began the year with terrific results. Core FFO was $0.61 per share for the quarter and increased to 24% year-over-year and driven by strong operating fundamentals and an increase in AUM. Starting with operations, occupancy in the U.S. was 96.6% at quarter end and 95.4% outside the U.S. Leasing volume for the quarter was a record at 46 million square feet. Just a quick reminder that my comments as I go through the rest of the operating and capital deployment activity will focus on our share. GAAP rent change on rollover was an all-time high of 20.1% led by the U.S. of 27.2% and 4% outside the U.S. GAAP same-store NOI increased 7.4% positive across all major geographies and driven by the U.S. at 9.6%. There are two items I want to highlight. First, as we previously discussed, the negative impact on GAAP NOI from the amortization of lease intangibles related to the merger burned off in the second quarter of 2015. As a result, this had a positive non-cash impact of about 170 basis points on GAAP same-store growth in the quarter. Second, expense timing drove an approximate 70 basis points positive impact. After adjusting for these two items, GAAP same-store growth was 5% which is attributable to the strong rental increases and year-over-year occupancy gains. Strategic capital fees were $50 million for the quarter, with the majority coming from our international ventures. Capital deployment activity is progressing as planned. There are two items I would like to highlight this quarter. First, that our stabilization had an estimated margin of 27%, and second, that build-to-suits comprised 42% of our development starts. Turning to capital markets, our leverage on a book basis was 38.1% at quarter-end and 33.9% based on market capitalization. Debt-to-EBITDA, including gains, improved to 5.6 times. As Hamid mentioned, we fully repaid the $400 million term loan associated with the KTR acquisition and liquidity remained strong. Last quarter, I'm sorry, this week we recast our global line of credit, lowering our spread by 10 basis points and increasing the capacity by 640 million. As a result, our total line capacity is now 3.4 billion further enhancing our current significant liquidity levels. We expect to see further improvement in our debt metrics throughout the remainder of the year, as our venture rebalancings were completed this month and the pace of dispositions accelerate. The continued strengthening of our balance sheet was acknowledged this quarter by both Moody's and Standard & Poor's upgraded our credit outlook to positive. We believe we are on the doorstep of an A rating. Before discussing guidance, I wanted to highlight enhancements to our earnings supplemental this quarter. The changes are based on the feedback we received from investors and analysts as well as to better align our disclosure with how we think about and how we run the company. As part of this, we revisited the classification of certain personnel cost in our income statement which had the effect of increasing expenses related to our strategic capital business by $17 million on an annual basis and reducing G&A by the same amount. There is no bottom-line impact on net income or core FFO. For context we completed a significant volume of co-investment activity over the past five years and almost doubled our third-party AUM. With this increase, we now have more full-time employees dedicated to our strategic capital business. Moving to 2016 guidance, we're maintaining guidance for most of our operating metrics, capital deployment, and strategic capital revenues, all of which you can see on Page 6 of our supplemental. On same-store NOI, we are increasing the bottom-end and narrowing the range to between 4% and 4.5% with the bias towards the upper half of this range. For net G&A, we are lowering the range to between $218 million and $228 million to reflect the reclassification I just mentioned. Related to FX, our 2016 earnings remain well insulated from foreign currency fluctuations, as over 95% are hedged. We continue to expect to generate $1 billion of total proceeds in excess of our capital needs in 2016. This consist $400 million in net deployment proceeds, $198 million of cash that we already received from the completion of the Facebook installment sale, and $400 million from the ownership rebalancing in our USLF and PTELF ventures which we will receive in a few weeks. Further we like what we are seeing in the disposition market and are likely to increase our volume. So while operating conditions are stronger than we expected, we are not increasing our core FFO given the potential dilution from increased dispositions. Therefore we are maintaining our 2016 core FFO guidance of between $2.50 and $2.60 per share. This includes $0.17 to $0.19 per share of promotes which were recognized in the second half of this year. If we assume normalized annual net promotes of $0.05 per share, our core FFO for 2016 would range between $2.38 to $2.46 per share. Core FFO will not be evenly distributed for the balance of the year given the timing of our asset sales and venture rebalancing. As a result, we expect core FFO to be $0.03 to $0.04 lower in the second quarter followed by an acceleration in the back half of the year from promote income. In closing, we are off to a really good start. Our focus for the rest of the 2016 is simply about capturing the significant spreads between inflates and market rents, generating profitable returns by putting our land bank to work, and continuing to strengthen our balance sheet. With that, I will turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Steve Sakwa from Evercore. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Hi good morning, Steve Sakwa here. Hamid, I guess I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the development business and what you're saying obviously the fundamentals continue to be stronger than may be you've expected. I know you didn't have a huge start figure in the first quarter but I'm just wondering if you sort of look out for the balance of the year was the rest of the starts numbers to the upside or to the downside? How do you sort of assess that at this point and what are your tenants sort of looking for today?
Hamid Moghadam: Steve, I think the risk is to the upside because pretty much everything that we're likely to do we know about. So by definition if some build-to-suit left in the door or something happens is going to be on the upside because pretty much everything is baked. The other thing I would comment on generally development start volume is that we're basically doing the same or a little bit more than last year except for Brazil. So obvious reasons, we're not developing a whole lot of new products in Brazil. So I think people have gotten too excited in terms of our guidance being a little bit down on development starts, I don't think you can read that much into that anyway.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Nussbaum from UBS. Your line is open.
Ross Nussbaum: Hey good morning out there. Hamid, as we think about demand for industrial space, we spend a lot of time thinking about inventory levels given the historical correlation between absorption in inventories. And then I look at what's been going on with inventory to sales ratios lately. And I say lately it's been ramping the last couple of years but over the last year or two it's been ramping quite significantly. How do you think inventory to sales ratios are going to play out here going forward? Do you think we're going to see a bit more I guess modest inventory growth given what's going on in the economy and how does that play out in terms of demand for your space?
Hamid Moghadam: Ross, that's a very good question and I think the answer is too soon to know for sure but it appears that that secular decline in inventory to sales ratio that all of you are used to seeing in our materials going back I don't know 15 years or something really has reversed in the last three years, and there are lots of explanations for it, but the most credible one I think is the one that as more sales shift to e-commerce, there are more skews, and there is the need to keep more inventory around and as a result there may be a secular shift. If that's the case, that's a unexpected windfall to demand for industrial space. We have not built our business with that expectation but that will be a nice surprise if it happens and if it has legs forever. So too soon to tell for sure but I think the early signs are really good.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. So going back to your opening comments Hamid, you talked about the $3.5 billion of one-time funding sources and how you're funding your, are you going to be self-funding for the next five years of activity and thats been a pretty consistent message coming from you guys lately. But I guess the equation to issue equity or not issue equity and how to fund that on activity is a different equation at $40 versus $45 stock price. Could you just talk about, how you think about that? Has your stock price has changed or is it still that $3.5 billion is that still your primary force, how you want to fund the business?
Hamid Moghadam: Look, I'm not going to sit here and say that we will never do equity if the stock price is about 60 bucks or 70 bucks, it's something like that. It would be foolish not to do that because that clearly would be higher than our NAV. But our view over NAV we've been pretty open about it, 46, 47 bucks a share that doesn't really include a value for development business and I guess there is a long debate as to whether that business is worth a one multiple or a 10 multiple. I can tell you it's not worth the 15 or 20 multiple that people were valuing it at 2007 that's for sure, but it's worth something, it's worth at least the homebuilder. I think its worth $3 to $5 a share pretty easily if you look at it as a homebuilder. So you add of all that stuff the number is around high 40s to low 50s kind of for the way I look at by at our NAV. So I don't even think about it. So I don't think the equation has changed between $40 and $45 because we're still way below where I think the value of the company is? But, you got to look at equity in the context of other investment opportunities. If some portfolio comes up on the market or I don't think this is going to happen, but if something happens where we have an advantage to buy $45 of NAV at $20, we may take advantage of that. But I dont think that's going to happen and we are not an issuer of equity and I think it is a complete waste of time for people to spend energy thinking about that issue at these kinds of numbers.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Blaine Heck: Good morning out there. You guys have talked about getting your land balance down to about $1 billion or under. Some of that obviously involves monetizing land through development but it also involves disposing of land so. My question is have you seen any movement in land values over the past six months or so, especially as you and some of your public peers have become a little bit more conservative with respect to the expected starts this year?
Hamid Moghadam: I think land values in terms of good developable land that's near-term developable has gone up, as rents have gone up. And it's very hard to find good land in the right markets, entitlement costs are going up, infrastructure costs are going up, communities are getting tougher on land, so general trend in land values has been up. I would say among our many, many parcels every quarter we value our land, using a land residual analysis and I would say by and large the trend has been up there are -- I would say three or four parcels add up a very large number may be down but the general trend is up, but it's not up as much as it would have been a year ago or two years ago, the pace of land value growth has, has moderated. The other thing I would point out is that, yes our land bank is about $1.5 billion book value, $1.4 billion book value, but the market value that in our view again based on pretty robust analysis is approaching to may be in the low $2 billion rank. So in terms of what we can work our land bank down is not $0.5 billion down to $1 billion it's like $1 billion down to $1 billion in terms of market value because the market value of land is what we -- we're targeting for. So we've got quite a bit of liquidity that could come out of the land bank to add to that $3.5 billion that we've talked about.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Juan Sanabria: Good morning. I was just hoping you could touch a little bit more deeply on the same-store NOI expense comment about some one-time items related to timing and how we should think about that kind of for the balance of the year and may be if you could touch on the differences by geography?
Tom Olinger: Juan, this is Tom, I will start. The decline -- the benefit we got from the lower occupancy expenses in Q1 this year was really a function of Q1 of '15 being higher than normal. So if you go back and look at the increase if Q1 of '15 I think it was around 7%. We had some one-time trueups going on in there some other non-recurring items and that's really what's driving the benefit, we saw this quarter or the decrease this quarter. Going forward, the remainder of year, I wouldn't expect really any meaningful change in operating expenses from this run rate, in any meaningful way.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel with Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. First just a couple of portfolio specific questions. Could you comment on the occupancy declines in Houston and Pennsylvania? And then secondly perhaps you can touch, perhaps providing e-commerce update and just, if you can relay your experiences with your customers in terms of how they accommodate e-commerce growth during the holiday season whether they see any changes in their supply chain as a result. Thank you.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, Eric, I will start with that. Well obviously Houston and Pennsylvania are two markets that we've called out as markets we're concerned about. Houston pretty obvious reasons why and Pennsylvania is sort of a combination of a spike in supply and demand tailing off. But I wouldnt draw any conclusions Eric about the specific adjustments in vacancy in those markets but I think that's going to continue for a long time. I think in both cases, were going to end up in the sort of mid-90s. But let me say a couple of other things about both of them. So Houston has been on our watch list, vacancy was up a little bit over the quarter and it has 8 million square feet on construction. We're defensive there and I think we've been saying that for a while. While the macro headwind obviously persist, we're almost 96% leased, the pipe is 50% pre-leased and there is still a 6% vacancy rate in Houston and Houston isn't creating a lot of jobs but it's net positive, not negative at this point in time. And then in terms of Pennsylvania, probably we're a little more cautious in terms of Pennsylvania at this point in time. To your point on e-commerce trends, Eric, we don't see any new trends coming out of this prior season. I think that that everybody participating in this space is still that's really trying to figure out the supply chain both the last mile which everybody is talking about these days, all the way to the origin of the product because different participants handle it differently. So, we don't really have anything new for you right now. I don't know Gary if you see anything different in your opinion.
Gary Anderson: And I just say that, there are two trends that have occurred over the last two years, two important customer segments one is automotive and the other is e-commerce. And the e-commerce side of the equation isn't a seasonal thing and you sort of pose your question in terms of seasonality, it's really a structural change I think in the way companies are doing business today. And if you look at our own portfolio as an example, two or three years ago it was about 5% of our total portfolio, today it's double that. So it's clearly an important driver and one that I wouldn't think about just in terms of a seasonal type trend.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Michael Mueller: I was wondering if you can comment on any trends you're seeing with respect to the time release respect developments, has it been static, has it been going up at all.
Hamid Moghadam: I would say the best way of answering that question is how we're doing compared to our underwriting and we are literally within a point or two and I think we are point or two ahead consistent with our underwriting. So no I wouldn't say our expectations have changed.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Manny Korchman with Citi. Your line is open.
Manny Korchman: Thank you. Hamid, if we can just turn to the comment you made in the press release and then repeated on the call about sort of trends exceeding underlying economies. Are the economies performing sort of at your expectations and trends are just that much better? Are you seeing a slowing in trends or really kind of what you'd expect with economies are not?
Hamid Moghadam: Manny, my pick on economies and now I'm really out of my depth of expertise here, but seems to me that the U.S. economy is sort of a mid-to-high 2% grower minus energy. So that means it's 1.5% to 2% grower, and so the trends that affect our business remember energy doesn't goes through pipeline, it doesn't go through warehouses. The energy pricing generally being lower has led to better consumption numbers and more of that consumption is shifting to the e-commerce channel which is more space intensive. So those two things have made demand for our product better than they would have been based on the overall economic numbers. On top of that, well this issue that I talked about earlier which is the inventory to sales ratio is trending up, which may be a third factor or you may look at it as part of the second factor which is e-commerce I don't know, what are those two? So there are either two or three factors that are making the -- our demand drivers for our business better than the underlying economy. That's my take of it, I don't know for sure but we will see but that's what I think is going on.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Tom Lesnick with Capital One Securities. Your line is open.
Tom Lesnick: Great, thanks for taking my questions. My question has to do with international markets obviously you guys have visibility into international markets more so than a lot of other industrial landlords out there. Just wondered if you can comment on the trends in fundamentals in both Europe and Asia and then if you're seeing any movement in cap rates as well?
Tom Olinger: Yes, let's start in Europe; cap rates are generally flat for the last couple of quarters. Our expectation there though is you could see another 15 to 30 basis points this year, trends are good. For the first time, we are viewing Europe as a potential tailwind. To the company, the outlook when you're looking at market vacancies as a whole is that vacancies not occupancies, is vacancies will drop 60 basis points. So we will be somewhere around market vacancies about 5.8% which is nearing sort of U.S. levels. So we expect Europe to perform well on a go-forward basis. And in Asia, the market there I think are performing well. Japan is sitting there at about 96.3% occupied and we're seeing good net absorption. So Japan is performing well. China is a business that I think some have concern of it, it's a small business for us but one that again is performing pretty well. We're about 92% occupied in our overall portfolio, but if you look at the supplemental, you will see that there is a leased to occupied about 200 basis points. So you should expect the occupancies in China to trend up. The other comment I make about China is that we've done about 2 million square feet of development leasing this quarter, which is about 30% of the total leasing for the quarter for the company. So it's performing pretty well. So net-net I would say that the international markets are performing to expectation and will become a tailwind.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Craig Mailman: Hey guys, may be just going back to Tom's comments about potentially ramping dispositions, what are you seeing in different markets that's given you kind of the confidence that may be you can do that? In which geographies are you seeing deeper disposition pool than others at this point?
Mike Curless: Hi, this is Mike Curless. Let me hit that. It's probably important to set the backdrop in terms of what we're selling. To put this in context 80% of what we're selling is in the U.S. and the majority of those buildings are older product in our global markets where the heavy buyer interest continues to be and with a few exceptions, the most were selling in the $25 million range. So if you think about it in addition to our usual buyers you can add in local or regional investors and even user buyers that really expands that buyer pool. Buyer pool gives us plenty of confidence to get this work done. So we feel very good about the execution in our way.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Erin Aslakson with Stifel. Your line is open.
Erin Aslakson: Hi good morning out there. Can you hear me?
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, good morning, Erin.
Erin Aslakson: Great, good morning. I think this question for Mike Curless but just in terms of the strong same-store NOI growth you guys put up for the quarter, if you had to break that out across U.S. in terms of which submarkets are contributing or contracting that number that would be helpful. And then also are you still seeing strong institutional demand in terms of asset acquisitions for these potential sales you're discussing?
Mike Curless: Do you mind if I pick the Executive from Indiana that will answer that question?
Erin Aslakson: Not at all.
Mike Curless: I'll do the backup.
Gary Anderson: We will let Tom do that, the same-store.
Tom Olinger: So on the same-store as far as where we're seeing strength and Gene should weigh in here, it's -- I think you would clearly look at the coastal markets is where youre going to see the significant amount of rent change that drove same-store growth and I think as we look to the balance of the year, our rent change on roll looks really, really good and may be Gene can comment on that aspect.
Gene Reilly: Yes, absolutely Tom is right. So if you look at the coastal markets, where we've been at very much full occupancy there for a couple of years actually in those cases. So its all about rent growth. And in places like LA, LA County is less than 2% vacant, actually it's in the low ones, Toronto for example is 1.8 vacant and at those types of occupancy levels lot and lot of pricing power. So it's definitely skewed to those types of markets.
Tom Olinger: And in terms of buyer interest, the institutional interest is definitely there particularly in light of where were selling and what were selling, so healthy activity in that segment.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brad Burke with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brad Burke: Thank you. Just a question on leverage levels and uses of cash. There is a modest sequential decline in net debt from the fourth quarter but it looks like you've already realized over half of that $1 billion regarding to -- for proceeds with full-year. So just want to know if there is something else beyond development that we should be thinking about as a substantially use of cash in the quarter and then also whether we should continue to expect net proceeds deployed to reduce net debt over the remainder of the year?
Tom Olinger: Hi, Brad, its Tom. So I'll take those questions. First on LTV youre right, LTV you would have appeared didn't decline enough based on our activity for the quarter and whats happening is it's really a function of the weakening of the dollar and the strengthening of the Yen and the Euro and there is a denominator effect that I'll explain. So, when you think about half of our debt in Yen and Euro but only about 25% of our assets are. So when the Yen and Euro increase against that liability, that debt that increase took our debt levels up in U.S. dollar terms by about $300 million. But we didn't have the same $300 million increase in our denominator because only 25% of our assets are in Euro and Yen. So there is a denominator effect and that impacted leverage by about 70 basis points this quarter. So you really economically, we had about 100 basis points decline this quarter little over actually but thats FX noise. On your point about deployment proceeds for the rest of the year and how were going to use that $1 billion of cash, were going to look at our debt stacks and were going to determine if there is debt where we can economically or frictionlessly pay that off. We do have a multi-currency term loan thats out there, that matures in a couple of years that would fit that bill. We always looked at bond maturities to see if there is economically it makes sense to do that or we'll sit on cash. But I would tell you when you look at our guidance, either the debt that we have to pay off is extremely low rate debt, so it doesnt have a significant impact on our results for the rest of the year.
Gene Reilly: And to also state the obvious, the corresponding asset value increase in the same currencies obviously doesn't factor into that leverage calculations. So you need to that into account as well. So it's not as if our debt went up and the asset didn't go up, both of those are in same currency.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Sumit Sharma with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Sumit Sharma: Hi question about the G&A. I understand the reclassification and what youve talked about. But you mentioned that there are further efficiencies in the G&A line. So wondering whether this -- whether youre seeing an sort of active decline in G&A as percent of NOI or is it just as more developments come online, the G&A load as a percentage of assets just sort of goes down naturally?
Tom Olinger: No, yes, actually it would be up because I think since the development volume is actually coming down a little bit, there will be less capitalized into development over time. The total level of G&A is flat and therefore G&A as a percentage of AUM is coming down. That reclassification doesn't have anything to do with that. Were looking at total G&A. And the capitalized portion is actually coming down too as the volumes come down.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel with Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. I wanted to circle back on the increased disposition guidance and make your comments on the selling older assets in global markets. I think we observed the last few years that cap rates spreads between A and B and C quality properties have widened pretty significantly over that time period and so I'm wondering if that spread has somehow decreased over the last year or so and that's why you are increasing disposition guidance.
Tom Olinger: Eric, first of all we havent increased our disposition guidance. But relative to the spreads we certainly havent seen an increase. And I think the pricing that were seeing in those markets relative to what were selling we're very comfortable with and optimistic of our ability to execute at those numbers.
Hamid Moghadam: Again maybe I can clarify on the issue here. We're not selling bad assets in bad markets or anything like that. We're just selling at this point; we're down to virtually all of our assets being in our targeted markets. We're just calling the older assets in those target markets. So we're not selling assets in tertiary markets or whatever, we really been onus in tertiary markets to start with. So the spread widening that you're talking about really doesn't sound effective Prologis portfolio and hasn't even in last couple of years.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Manny Korchman with Citi. Your line is open.
Manny Korchman: Hey thanks guys. Just thinking about the AFFO guidance percentage and the element of it that includes development gains, how do we think about that business or that part of AFFO going forward? Is that going to cause lumpiness in that FFO or is that sort of $150 million to $200 million a good annual run rate to think about?
Tom Olinger: I think the way to think, the way I think about it is that we think about the recurring AFFO as the driver of our dividends and we work really hard to manage the impact of the lumpy part of AFFO that comes from dispositions through a variety of mechanisms like 10/31s and all kinds of things. So but we never think about those things in terms of the dividend structure.
Hamid Moghadam: Manny, I would just point out one more, two things. One our payout ratio this year including all the gains will be about 70% payout ratio. If you want to back out all the gains which is not the right run rate but just to stress it that would be about 85% payout ratio.
Tom Olinger: Of AFFO.
Hamid Moghadam: Of AFFO.
Tom Olinger: Our problem is the opposite to be honest with you, how to keep our dividends from getting too high.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Craig Mailman: Hey guys, just a question on the kind of rent spreads here versus what you guys did on the leasing capital in the quarter obviously rent spreads you guys came in a little bit above your expectations. Is there anything that's skewed those numbers this quarter and can you kind of just juxtapose those with the 6.7% of lease value this quarter is that kind of sustainable at those levels or is it just the higher levels of renewals?
Tom Olinger: Yes, to the second part of the question, this is really related to the lease term because the 6.7% of the aggregate value of the lease which is obviously influenced by the term to give you some perspective on that. In the Americas, our average term has grown over the last five quarters from 42 months to just under 56. So, weve been really pushing term and I think weve talked about this on some prior calls as a company overall it's about 10 months. It is pretty dramatic increase, so that's what drives the number. But the same-store let me give you some color on what we see going through the year. So this is driven by the Americas in part because of the health of the market and in part because of the structure of our leases. But we're just under 24% during the quarter. We're not going to sustain that through the year. This is a volatile stat by quarter because its just the piece of the portfolio. But well be close to 20% for the year by judging this. So were going to be really, really strong on the stat, but there's a little bit of an outlier.
Hamid Moghadam: Great. Since that was the last question, let me thank all of you for your interest in the company and look forward to seeing you next quarter. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call and you may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-28 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ronald Hubbard - Vice President of Investor Relations Denny Oklak - Executive Chairman James Connor - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Mark Denien - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald Jeremy Metz - UBS Global Research  Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors David Rodgers - Robert W. Baird & Company John Guinee - Stifel Nicolaus Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Michael Bilerman - Citigroup
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My apologies here for any inconvenience. Once again, welcome to the Duke Realty Fourth Quarter Year End Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. And later there will be an opportunity for questions and answers with instructions given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, your conference call is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference call over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Ron Hubbard. Please go ahead.
Ronald Hubbard: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter and year end 2015 earnings call. Joining me today are Jim Connor, President and CEO and Mark Denien, Chief Financial Officer. Before we make our prepared remarks, let me remind you that statements we make today are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. For more information about those risk factors, we would refer you to our December 31, 2014, 10-K that we have on file with the SEC. Now for our prepared statement, Ill turn it over to Jim Connor.
James Connor: Thank you, Ron and good afternoon everybody. Let me start off by saying thats why we are not in the telecommunications business and we are in the real estate business. But now we will get started. Let me start off by saying that 2015 was another excellent year for Duke Realty. We exceeded all of our beginning of the year goal and capped the year off with an excellent fourth quarter. Let me recap our outstanding year. We signed nearly 22 million square foot of leases, which we believe is especially impressive given our all time high occupancy levels. We improved in-service occupancy to an all time record high of 96.1%, which is up from 95.4% at prior year end. And we grew same property NOI at 4.7% and grew rents on renewal leases by 12%. We commenced $684 million in new development starts and completed $1.8 billion in property dispositions, substantially reducing our office exposure to 8% of our NOI. We sold $132 million of non-strategic land and monetized another $93 million through our development activities. In total, we recycled the almost $1 billion of proceeds to fund our development needs for the year and payoff over $1 billion of debt to significantly delever the balance sheet. All are growing AFFO per share about 5.2%. Finally, we raised our regular quarterly common dividend by 5.9% in light of the stronger balance sheet and low payout ratio. We also paid a $0.20 per share special dividend in December. Ill now touch a bit on our leasing development activity from the fourth quarter. We had a very good quarter in leasing with over 6.7 million square feet executed and also commenced $238 million of new development starts. One of our notable leases includes the 783,000 square foot lease executed on our speculative development in the Inland Empire that is just completed in the fourth quarter. This leads with the new customer which happens to be one of the worlds largest online only home furnishings retailers. This is another example of our expertise and commitment to be in the nations leading e-commerce real estate solutions provider. I would like note that in year-end all but four of our 22 industrial markets were 95% lease or higher on an in-service basis, with an overall in-service occupancy level for our industrial portfolio of 96.5%. Our medical office portfolio continues to produce strong results ending the year with in-service occupancy at 95.5%, thats 120 basis point improvement over year-end 2014 and tenant retention rate for the full-year is 86%. As we stated before the low volatility and growing NOI nature of this portfolio should contribute to a better risk adjusted earning stream for the overall company. Turning to development for the fourth quarter, we started $238 million of development projects across seven deals. We signed three 100% pre-leased industrial developments, totaling 1.4 million square feet with the largest being a 1 million square foot facility for Amazon in Columbus, Ohio. The Amazon deals for term of 15 years and is a joint venture in our Rickenbacker Intermodal Park. We also begin two speculative industrial developments during the quarter, one for 403,000 square feet in Chicago and the other for 490,000 square feet in our Northern New Jersey. Both of these submarkets have vacancy rates in the 5% to 6% range with a strong demand outlook for the year and we already have the solid list of prospects. On the medical side, we started two on-campus facilities, totaling 158,000 square feet in aggregate which were combined to 75% pre-leased. Including the solid fourth quarter activity, our development pipeline at year-end is over $665 million with a weighted average stabilized initial cash yield of 6.9% and its expected to generate a GAAP yields of 7.5%. This will produce margins consistent with our historical 18% to 20% range. The aggregate pre-leasing level is 58% which is up a bit from previous quarters as expected. Ill now turn it over to Mark to discuss our financial results and our capital plans.
Mark Denien: Thanks, Jim. Good afternoon everyone. I am pleased to report the core FFO for the quarter was $0.29 per share compared to $0.30 per share in the fourth quarter of 2014. Core FFO for the quarter when compared to the fourth quarter of 2014 was impacted by 2015 disposition activity. Improved operational performance partially offset the impact of these dispositions. We reported core FFO of $1.17 per share for the full-year 2015, compared to $1.18 per share for 2014. Core FFO was impacted by lower income from service operations in 2015 as a result of a decrease focus on third-party construction projects and lower income from joint venture management. The lost FFO from 2015 dispositions was substantially offset by the impact of deleveraging, improved operational performance, and incremental NOI from new development project deliveries. I am very pleased to report AFFO of $1.01 per share for the full-year 2015 and $0.24 per share for the fourth quarter. 2015 AFFO represents a 5.2% growth rate over 2014, which is impressive given the level of dispositions and deleveraging for the year. AFFO for the full-year 2015 translates into a payout ratio of 68%. Looking forward we expect to be able to continue to grow AFFO per share and well evaluate our dividend to maintain a conservative AFFO payout ratio in the 65% to 75% range. I would like to take a moment to address a joint venture related land impairment charge that is not included in our core FFO. During the fourth quarter we made a decision that we would actively seek to exit our retail joint venture in Linden, New Jersey. We have previously bought 57 acres of industrial land from this joint venture on which we have developed over 1.1 million square feet of modern bulk industrial product. Retail development on remaining land in this joint venture has been held up for several years due to ongoing zoning and land used litigation. The decision to exit this joint venture triggered a $19.5 million impairment charge this is included in our GAAP losses from joint ventures and also in our core FFO adjustment of $35 million of land impairment charges recognized during the quarter. The remaining land impairment charges relate to some office parcels, both on balance sheet and in joint ventures that were either sold in the fourth quarter or expected to be sold in early 2016. Overall, we had another solid quarter from an operational standpoint and now I will quickly recap capital activities for the quarter. We utilize the disposition proceeds generated during 2015 to fund our development pipeline as well as to reduce leverage. As discussed last quarter we also used a portion of 2015 disposition proceeds to pay a special dividend of $0.20 per share in December. As previously announced in October we repaid a $150 million of 5.5% unsecured notes that had an original maturity date of March 2016. We believe that this transaction was an excellent use of available cash and help to further improve our key leverage metrics. For the full-year 2015 we repaid $831 million of unsecured notes and $231 million of secured debt. Our expectation is for another strong year of net dispositions in 2016. The proceeds of which will be used to fund our development pipeline and for 2016 debt maturities, which will help us to deleverage further. The level of plan dispositions in 2016 may result in another relatively minor special dividend for 2016. Combining the additional capital we anticipate generating in 2016 and with the significant improvements weve already made to the balance sheet in 2015. We are well-positioned to continue to improve our leverage metrics this year. I am very pleased to announce some very good external news regarding this balance sheet progress. Just last week both Moodys and Standard & Poor's raised our credit outlook to positive from stable and maintained our credit ratings at Baa2 and BBB respectively. We are optimistic that further improvement in operations and deleveraging will propel us to a high BBB credit rating in the not-too-distant future. Now I will turn the call back over to Jim.
James Connor: Thanks, Mark. Yesterday, we announced a range for 2016 core FFO per share of a $1.15 to $1.21 with a midpoint of a $1.18 and AFFO per share of $1.02 to $1.08 a share with a midpoint of $1.05. In addition we are also introducing a range for NAREIT-defined FFO per share of a $1.12 to $1.24 with a midpoint per share of a $1.18. First from a macro outlook perspective we expect the economic environment in 2016 to continue at about its current pace, yet with a bit more volatility and possibly some downside if the recent turmoil continues with uncertainty about China and the impact of oil prices. We are however a bit more optimistic on continued favorable industrial supply demand fundamentals that can support rent growth and new development starts. For 2015, U.S. industrial demand outpaced supply by over 90 million square feet. Nationwide availabilities continue to fall and are at all-time lows for the modern industrial era. Assuming the markets reached supply demand equilibrium in late 2016 or early 2017, we still see opportunity for rent growth, albeit at slower levels than the past few years. This is particularly evident given e-commerce tailwinds, a positive outlook on consumer spending and our strong track record of executing strategic development projects across our nationwide platform. As we anticipate having virtually exited the suburban office business by the end of 2016, we are providing our guidance on operational metrics such as occupancy and same-store property growth on industrial and medical office assets only. We believe this is the best way to think about and model the Company on a go forward basis. And this is how we plan to report actual results beginning in the first quarter. A few specifics on some of the anticipated key performance metrics outlined in the 2016 range of estimates page provided in the back of our supplemental package and on our website are as follows. Our average in-service occupancy range for the industrial and MOB on a combined basis for 2016 is expected to be 95.4% to 96.4%. I would point out that we do expect the in-service occupancy in the first quarter to drop from current levels, due mainly to spec development projects coming online along with the typical first quarter decline due to seasonal industrial expirations and contractions. Same-property NOI for industrial and MOB on a combined basis is projected to grow at a range of 2.75% to 4.25% which is based on steady occupancy and continued rental rate growth and embedded lease escalations. On the capital recycling front, we expect proceeds from building dispositions in the range of $600 million to $900 million and proceeds from land dispositions of another $20 million to $60 million. These dispositions include nearly all of our remaining office portfolio, consistent with an exhibit we published in our November 2015 investor presentation. The results should be that our office exposure will be in the very low single-digit percentage of our NOI by year end. I will also reiterate that while these dispositions will be diluted to FFO, we expect the capital recycling to generate positive AFFO growth. Acquisitions are projected in the range of zero to $50 million. We expect to continue to be very selective given todays pricing environment. Development starts are projected in the range of $400 million to $600 million and above 50% preleased. We expect to fund our development pipeline with proceeds from our building and land dispositions. Service operations should be in the range of $8 million to $12 million below our 2015 run rate as we continue to emphasize on balance sheet development over third-party work and a continued decline in fees from joint ventures as we continue to reduce our investment in these joint ventures. We would also like to introduce financial credit metric expectations for the first time, all measured on a year-end or fourth quarter run rate basis as follows. Effective leverage, measured on a book basis, is projected to continue to decrease and finish the year in a range of 38% to 42% highlighted by the expected repayment of roughly $330 million of secured debt in the May timeframe, sourced from disposition proceeds as noted above. Fixed charge coverage is projected to increase to 3.3 to 3.6 times on a fourth quarter 2016 run rate basis. And net debt-to-EBITDA is projected to range between 5.6 and 6 times on a fourth quarter 2016 run rate basis. Now, before we open up the line, I would like to acknowledge our entire Duke Realty team for their efforts producing another great year of execution on our real estate operations and capital recycling. Our collective actions are producing reliable steady cash flow growth for our shareholders. I would also like to give special thanks to our outgoing CEO and now Executive Chairman, Denny Oklak for his 29 years of service and 12 years of leadership as the CEO at Duke Realty. Denny has not only left an indelible mark on what is a leading first class corporate culture here, he mentored and personally touched many of us here at Duke Realty in ways that words cant describe. And what many of you listening in can appreciate, Denny also left his mark as one of the pioneers in industry group leaders since the dawn of the modern REIT industry from the mid-1990s. Going forward, all of us here at Duke Realty look forward to carrying on the culture and strategic direction that the leadership under Denny has practiced, a formula that we firmly believe will continue to drive shareholder outperformance. And now, we will open up the lines for some questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Juan Sanabria. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me have some time. For the dispositions, what are you guys thinking in terms of cap rates? If you could give us a little more color on what markets, in the office market in particular, you're looking to exit and any bias you're thinking about in terms of when the sales will actually be executed?
James Connor: Well, Juan let me start off and then Ill let Mark to add a little bit of color. I would tell you as weve looked in our projected budget in detail. I think youll see the cap rates average in the mid-5s. Those will range from low in the 5s. What I said?
Juan Sanabria: You said mid-5 that would be pretty good.
James Connor: That would be pretty good, mid-7s, at the low end - sorry about that. On the low end we will have asset, the number of our high-end assets that will be sold in the mid-to-low-5s and some of our lesser quality assets with cap rate as high as in 9% or perhaps 10%. So on average we are looking in the mid-7s.
Mark Denien: Yes, as far as timing Juan, I think you will see  weve already closed on some that kind of spilled over from 2015 and 2016, but on balance I think it will happen fairly evenly during the year. So that would suggest our $150 million to $200 million give or take for quarter on average.
Juan Sanabria: And just is your bias to be towards the high end of the disposition range? And what markets will be left in the office pool?
James Connor: Well, today as we detailed in most of our investor conferences in the fourth quarter, the largest single ownership is in Indianapolis. And we started disposing of Indianapolis office assets in the fourth quarter with a two-building package. And were in the process of looking at and evaluating how is the market, the balance of the portfolio throughout the year. So Indianapolis is the largest single concentration and then from there its really selling mostly one-off asset some of which are joint venture assets, some of which are wholly-owned that are around the country, some of which we have been working to stabilize, some of which weve been waiting for debt to expire. So its a combination of reasons, how they have ended up the bottom of list, thats kind of the overview.
Juan Sanabria: Okay, great. And then on the demand side for bulk, have you guys seen any softening across any of your key industries or tenants or geographies that is either on the developments or just regular course leasing that is an area of concern or something you are watching? Obviously, Mark is a bit skittish on whether we get a recession or not.
James Connor: Juan, I dont think any of our local operating teams have reported that or can point to any weakening sectors, most of our concern I would tell you is geographically based where we are following the supply and demand balance. Weve reported last quarter that and I think many of us share, a little bit concerned about Houston. We have less of that concern and probably our peers in the office and the apartment side, but yet we are watching that closely. And I think several of us have alluded to the supply side in Dallas. There is a lot of product on the market in Dallas. They had a phenomenal year in terms of absorption and all-time high, but there is a lot of product available down there. Beyond that we see the markets in great balance and really good demand from our customer base.
Juan Sanabria: Great and just one last quick one. Have you guys seen any impact to MOB cap rates in the transaction market just given the cost of capital issues with some of the healthcare-focused REITs?
James Connor: No, we have not been the sellers of MOB since 2013 and 2014 when we clean up the portfolio. We are still seeing very strong and growing demand by the hospitals and healthcare systems and weve seen no impact on yields and projected cap rates from any of the interest effect.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks guys.
Operator: And we will next go to the line of David Toti. Your line is open.
David Toti: Hey good afternoon, guys. Just quickly, a couple of high-level questions. First, with regard to some of the conversations you have had with your MOB tenants, is there any hesitation in front of the election, any expectation for structural change in healthcare that could impact the MOB development, the structural development as we've seen it the last couple of years? Anything from the conversations of note that might be shifting?
James Connor: No, David, I would tell you, in fact, its exactly the opposite. Most of the major hospitals and healthcare systems particularly those that we do business with who are financially very strong, are continuing their very strong capital investment programs across the system. So our pipeline for MOB has probably never been healthier in terms of projects and opportunities with not only our existing client base, but new client base, and that is affording us opportunities for some geographic expansion, which has always been a goal of ours in the MOB portfolio.
David Toti: Okay, that's helpful. Then just one other question. One of your peers mentioned on the call earlier this week that they expected to see some value deterioration in industrial assets, potentially in secondary and tertiary markets, so where the fundamentals weren't as strong as the landscape or as fundamentals in the industrial space plateaued. Do you have the same expectation going into 2016, 2017? It sounds like from your opening remarks that you expect sort of a plateau as well. Would you also expect value shifts in a similar fashion?
James Connor: While I anticipate more of a plateau, I dont anticipate any yield or margin erosion in 2016. I think the earliest that we would be concerned about that might be 2017 when some of the supply and demand side markets reach equilibrium. We are not anticipating cap rates to move north dramatically. The amount of capital that out there, the introduction to foreign capital and sovereign wealth funds making big acquisitions in the industrial side. We think its going to continue to keep cap rate pressure down where it is. So I would tell you, no I dont see erosion. I think they will stay flat for the year, we will see how 2017 shapes up.
Operator: We will next go to the line of Jeremy Metz. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Hi, I was just wondering; in terms of the same-store guidance of 2.75% to 4.25%, can you just break that down for us? How it looks between the industrial and then for the MOBs and maybe what's baked into guidance for rent spreads in 2016?
Mark Denien: Yes, Jeremy its Mark. I think industrial MOB will be probably pretty close together so I would think each of them will be at the midpoint in close to the mid-3s. As far as rental rate guidance, we are still projecting double-digit rental growth on all of our industrial deals that were doing; were about 14% in the fourth quarter. Weve mentioned this before, we track all leases that we have coming at us for the next 12 to 18 months and out of all those leases looking out over those next 18 months about a third of them were still - are still left that were signed in that 2009 to 2011 time period. So we really want to try to puts rents really hard on those up into the maybe the high-teens and then the other on balance, will get us down in the  still we think the low double digit for rent growth on industrial.
Jeremy Metz: Okay, appreciate that. Then a quick one on G&A. You're obviously calling for it to be relatively flat here, so just wondering later in the year, as you finish cycling out of the rest of the suburban office sales, is this something we should see trend lower from here and into 2017?
Mark Denien: No, I think you will see our G&A load still fairly flat I mean I think we done a good job of reducing expenses over the years as we moved out of that product type. But I am not sure that we can get anymore efficient than we already are. Obviously there will be overhead changes whether it be additions or deductions, but I think that will be driven all the way down to the property level. So those costs arent really residing in G&A anyway.
Operator: And well move to the line of Ki Bin Kim. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Could you comment on potential buyer mindsets on expectations for industrial real estate? Have they changed at all?
James Connor: Ki Bin, I think it depends on the buyer profile and whether we are selling Class A long-term well leased industrial buildings or some of our high quality office versus some of our probably lesser quality or one-off assets, I think the range is clearly across the board, but I dont think were expecting any significant changes in buyers underwriting expectations since the things that weve since in the latter half of 2015.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And to follow-up on the previous question on G&A, I mean I am a little bit surprised that your G&A is kind of flat year-on-year after you've sold probably close to $2 billion this year and last year of assets. But I guess my question is, if you also include the service income or net service income, that's expected to come down a little bit. I know in the past you said that's in a way your buffer that you can use that personnel to do more development or less. But given that your start guidance has come down a little bit, maybe you could comment on the longer-term trajectory of that part of the business, service income and people?
Mark Denien: Well, I think that will ebb and flow over time Ki Bin, but our start guidance is down, but Id tell you that our volume of actual work that we are going to be performing will be even or up in 2016 over 2015. You got to keep in mind we had $238 million of the starts here right at the end of the fourth quarter, so all the work will be done on those starts during 2016. So thats part of why our starts number is down in 2016 over 2015. So if you think about overhead absorption, its more related to the volume of work being done, not the amount of projects that were started. So because of that I think it will ebb and flow, but well still have service operating income come down because of all that volume that we are doing in 2016 for our own account rather than for third parties.
James Connor: Well, I think the other thing Ki Bin, I would add on just the G&A, particularly as it relates to your comment about the office sales. We have always tried to be out in front of that and not left to be holding the bag on overhead once the portfolio of sales have been completed. So weve typically been out in front of that with either outsourcing projects or rightsizing the staff and the teams as those projects have been market. So were carrying excess overhead for a period of time after the portfolios revolved.
Operator: And we will move on to the line of Eric Frankel. Please go ahead.
Eric Frankel: Thank you very much, a few questions. I can always jump back in the queue, but first, Mark, thanks for providing the leverage target for year end. Would there be any reason that would change over the year? And then maybe into next year depending on your cost of capital and how the public markets are shaping up?
Mark Denien: No, I dont  I mean no reason they would change based on change in strategy or anything like that, if thats what you mean, Eric. I mean obviously, they are going to be highly dependent on the timing and level of dispositions and things like that. So we try to provide a range and I think you could expect us to be at the more pessimistic into the range, dispositions coming at the pessimistic level. And the leverage levels will be at the more optimistic level if dispositions are closer to the high level. So thats really the only thing that I could see changing, but were very comfortable to ranges we put out there.
Eric Frankel: Would you be comfortable with exceeding your disposition target if you thought asset prices were being priced accordingly?
Mark Denien: Well, I dont know thats necessarily related to leverage, but I think that we would be very comfortable selling all the remaining office we have and then I think you will still see us take advantage like we did in the third and fourth quarter of 2015 buildings like the Amazon building in Delaware that we sold. I think we are going to sell some industrial in that number. So thats how you get to the top end of that range is with a little bit more industrial sales.
James Connor: Yes, I think if you just do the math, the bottom end of the range is about equal to us exiting the office business. So if there was some move in cap rates, we would be at the lower end of that range as we held on to protect some of those industrial assets. But we are focused on selling those office assets.
Eric Frankel: Very helpful. Just moving to supply, I know you mentioned Dallas as being of some concern with overwhelming demand kind of placating that issue always this year. Can you talk about Eastern Pennsylvania and the prospects for your development there and developments going forward?
James Connor: Yes. You are talking about our 1.1 million square foot spec building. We have a great deal of activity. That building is just coming in service here in the first quarter. And Im not worried all about that project. I think its a great project. As you can imagine, it's garnered a great deal of interest from a lot of e-commerce clients just given the nature of the development and the features that we put in there. So that one doesn't concern me at all.
Eric Frankel: Terrific. I will just jump back in the queue and let others comment. Thank you.
James Connor: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: We have a question in the queue from the line Dave Rodgers. Your line is open.
David Rodgers: Yes, good afternoon, guys. I wanted to ask maybe just about are you seeing any issues at all with tenant credit out there, or any additional look for sublease space out in the industrial market at all, I guess as you see some cracks in energy and other places? Anything to start worrying about on those fronts?
Mark Denien: No. Not really Dave, not at all. Obviously, our ears perk up when some of the data you've been reading lately come across the wire, but we had record-low basically non-existent defaults or credit issues in 2015 and we are constantly in touch with the folks in the field and we read the same as you do, but as of now we are not worried of any issues.
James Connor: No, if you go down to Texas, our oil exposure is so absolutely minimal. I think if you look at our portfolio Dallas and Houston combined is less than 3%. Well, you have 3% outside of the Dallas and Houston portfolios, only 3% of their attendance renewal and gas industry. So its incredibly small.
Mark Denien: Yes, so we dont have a lot of concerns there Dave.
David Rodgers: Okay, great. Your 2016 development starts  I didn't hear if you said this earlier because I got on late today, but how does that breakout between MOB, industrial, and anything else you might be doing? And kind of where the yields on each of the categories that you might be starting?
Mark Denien: I think youll see the yields consistent with what we generated in 2015, the breakdown for us is typically somewhere between two-thirds and three-quarters industrial and quarter and a third on the MOB side. The advantage we have is again most of the MOB projects really look and function like build-to-suit are very substantially pre-leased like the two that we signed in the fourth quarter. We still got a lot of good build-to-suit activity, so we evaluate spec as we bring projects and service and they get leased up. So that kind of the uncertain portion of the equation is how much spec we're going to take out, but we are still very active of the MOB in the build-to-suit side of the equation.
David Rodgers: And I guess just following up on the disposition questions, you had mentioned in your comments I think at some point, Jim, that you expected more volatility. So kind of same backdrop, but with more volatility. In everything that you are reading, does that make you want to hit that $900 million disposition target or what are the odds that you could push past that? And how are you feeling about that sitting here today?
James Connor: Well, I think I cant address that, my first priority operationally is to exit the office business. So that what we are most focused on right now. Some of those projects are already actively being marketed as Mark said. Weve actually already closed two early in the first quarter then we can start at last year. I think if these continue as we anticipate I think as we told all you guys we will be at the high end of that range. If the market to change and there is an unexpected softening. I think youll see us continue to be very focused on the office and working diligently to get those projects sold and we will take the wait and see attitude on some of the other high value industrial once. Just like the Amazon building we sold, if we didnt get our pricing and very consent to keep that building, its a great building.
David Rodgers: And I guess last question, Mark, in terms of the additional proceeds that you get from the asset sales, I heard your comment about potential smaller special dividend. But any other options that you could put that money into or are you happy sitting on it where it is?
Mark Denien: No, I think well just payoff debt with that Dave, weve got $350 million of debt coming due and I think that all these - what I call excess disposition proceeds will go to pay that down. If we could do some 1031s that would be great, but we are not going to over pay for property just to do 1031. So that means there is a small special dividend so be it.
David Rodgers: Great, thanks.
Operator: We will next go to the line of John Guinee. Please go ahead.
John Guinee: Great, thank you. Jim, this is music to my ears and you know why. Looks like your land has gone down from $500 million a year ago to $382 million today. You're down to 4% of total enterprise value. What's the range that your Board expects you to be in when you look at undeveloped  when you look at both strategic and non-strategic land?
James Connor: Well, thanks John. Were particularly proud of what our guys did last year and clearly, that helped the capital recycling. As we sit here today, all-in, if you count wholly-owned for development and everything else we are just over $400 million. We still have some non-strategic office land for sale that were going to try and move out. We do need to replenish some land in some of our markets where weve got good development activity. Our goal is to get down is to get below $400 million. We would love to stay consistently in that $350 million range and we think as long as we could keep developing and monetizing land that way. We are buying it in much smaller pieces going forward, so we think weve made great strides and most of you can remember back at the start of the last recession when we had literally $970 million or $980 million of land. So weve worked diligently to change the company culture here and a run rate of $350 million to $400 million, it is a very comfortable run rate for us going forward.
John Guinee: Great. And then Mark, just to clarify a little bit, you had basically said you wanted your dividend to be 60% to 75% of AFFO. I think it was AFFO, so correct me if I got that wrong. But essentially at $1.05 midpoint for AFFO and a 65% to 75% ratio, that would imply $0.68 to $0.78 and your current dividend is $0.72. So it would imply that you are not expecting to raise your dividend in December of this year like you did last year. Is that accurate?
Mark Denien: Well, I guess John it is AFFO and I said - what I said is 65% to 75% of AFFO. So obviously we are not going to do anything with our dividend we just raised in the fourth quarter 2015 thats at a level we want to run out right now. I am just doing the math because Im not as quick at the numbers as you are, but at the $1.05 midpoint thats $0.74, which is a little bit higher than we are running at now. If we hit those numbers and maybe even do a little bit better that would imply you could see a dividend increase later in this year, but we need a little bit more time under our belt to see what happens.
John Guinee: Okay. Does small special dividend or year-end 2016 imply along the same lines as 2015 or materially different?
Mark Denien: No, not materially different, John. In 2015 we paid out $0.20, which was essentially $70 million I think it could be anywhere from zero to around that number.
John Guinee: Great. All right, keep up the good work.
Mark Denien: Thanks.
James Connor: Thanks John.
Operator: We will go now to the line of Brendan Maiorana. Go ahead.
Brendan Maiorana: Thanks. Good afternoon. So, Jim, on the office side, you guys really did a great job monetizing your office over the past couple of years. But for the remainder that you have, are you seeing a price impact from what has happened in the financing markets and it's probably buyers' expectation that the macroeconomic conditions are a little less certain now than they were maybe, say, a year ago?
James Connor: I would tell you we are not. And you got to remember most of the buyers that we are dealing with are not doing kind of the traditional bank financing. We have seen a lot of private equity come into the office portfolio acquisition a la Starwood and Blackstone, even some of the smaller deals that weve done. So they are much less susceptible to interest fluctuations. Most of them are looking to put capital to work. The office fundamentals have been good and improving in the last few years. So guys that want to invest in office, weve had good buyer pools for all of our products even some of the Class B stuff that weve sold in one-off smaller transactions. So I anticipate at least for the first half of the year being comparable to where we were in late 2015 in terms of our pricing expectations.
Brendan Maiorana: Okay, great. And then just last one for Mark. You guys have done again this year really nice job getting that spread between FFO and AFFO narrowed again. But you've got a pretty new portfolio; there's been a lot of development deliveries over the past several years so those assets don't require a lot of ongoing leasing. Is it  do you feel like the spread is sort of abnormally low now, abnormally narrow, and maybe it's going to widen out as we get a little bit more lease turnover in a few years time? Or do you think that kind of where you are you can sustain that level over the longer term?
Mark Denien: You know, Brendan, we really think we can sustain it. We think its I wouldnt say abnormally low, but I think you got to keep in mind as long as we can do a good job of always pruning the bottom whatever, x percent of the portfolio out and keeping the youngest portfolio in the industry, that we think we can keep our CapEx down to a lower run rate than the next guy. So were really committed to having these bigger, nicer, newer boxes and that just translates into a lot less CapEx on a per square foot and per investor dollar basis. So were pretty confident, we can keep this pace going.
Brendan Maiorana: Okay, great. Glad to see it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And we will now go to the line of Michael Carroll. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, this is actually George on for Mike. You mentioned the lease you signed with the large e-commerce company. Are there any markets in particular that will benefit from a pickup and leasing from e-commerce firms?
Mark Denien: George, that's an interesting question. And I think in general weve seen e-commerce touch virtually all of our markets and one of the phenomenon weve started to see in late 2014 and 2015 is while weve consistently seen these lets call it 500 to a 1 million square foot. We are now starting to see in secondary and tertiary and infill markets some of the smaller e-commerce lease is for just in time delivery. So Id tell you we are seeing e-commerce all over the place. I think youll continue to see them grow in the major tier-1 markets, because e-commerce is  the delivery expectations are not going to get any slower and its about putting product in consumers hands as quickly as possible and thats your tier-1 industrial markets and your major population centers.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. And then are there any other opportunities to prepaid debt in 2016 outside of the $250 million coming due?
Mark Denien: The only thing George would be the 2017 unsecured maturities we have are coming at us early in 2017. So there maybe a chance to take that out a little bit early, but other than that there's really not.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thanks guys.
Operator: We will go now to the line of Manny Korchman. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, it's Michael Bilerman. Jim, two questions. First just on supply. You talked about in your opening comments all, but four of your 22 industrial markets are north of 95% occupied. And I'm just kind of curious as you continue to develop  granted half of that is preleased. What are you seeing from a supply perspective given these record sort of occupancy levels and whether you see some of your peers or even a return of other merchant developers come into the marketplace, adding to supply?
James Connor: Well, I think our peers are just like us. I think they have been selectively developing spec, I think youve seen the merchant builders be fairly active across all of the markets. As we mentioned Dallas in particular has a very strong and deep profile of developers down there. I think the expectation is you will continue to see active development all through the year, most of the sources that we use, the brokerage or the consulting companies or the research companies, are expecting that well hit some sort of the equilibrium late this year or early next year. So that would anticipate we will have probably a couple 100 million square feet of absorption and approaching that in the supply side. I think well be all right for this year, I think the question is as we finish this year and we start to go into next year. What do those numbers really look like? And will people have the self-control to pullback a little bit at the end of this year and next year when we get to that equilibrium.
Michael Bilerman: Do you have a sense at all, in terms of your preleased projects, how much of that is growth square footage for the tenant versus just musical chairs?
James Connor: Well, for us we would net that out, if we were taking somebody out of an existing lease and putting them in a new building. So for us its very little. I cant speak to the overall, the effect of the overall input, but I think net-net when you look at 91 million square feet of net absorption across the country the net debt is very, very positive.
Michael Bilerman: Right. And then, secondarily, you talked about your first priority being to exit office I guess from a strategic standpoint of just fully cleansing yourself of that product, which has been going on for a number of years and you've executed extraordinarily well. Post doing that the MOB portfolio will be about just over 20% of the Company and it's been a great source for you from a reinvestment of all the sales proceeds into developing new MOBs. I guess now once you reach the end of this year and sort of use it as I guess house to invest some of that excess capital in addition to deleveraging, does medical office become a strategic pivot point for you in terms of what to do with that portfolio? Or does it - or do you start thinking about that earlier as you think about how the medical office building, healthcare companies have traded, which has been extraordinarily well, being able to monetize that for shareholders?
James Connor: Well Mike, I cant help but think about it everyday because I get asked about it everyday, so Ill tell you there is always been a lot of interest in our medical portfolio, we believe the highest quality portfolio across the board, weve got a great team, even through the succession when Jim Bremner retired and our new team that is running the business, were creating a lot of value. So we evaluate that strategically and as Ive said before right now our focus is to exit the office building and we will always be thinking 12 to 18 months about the direction of the company and what we are going to do with all of our product both industrial and medical and all of the markets that we operate in. So today its full speed a head, we are cleaning up the office portfolio, simplifying the business and well see what opportunities are created in the future.
Michael Bilerman: If you have a thought, do you think a spin-off of a $2 billion medical office company versus a sale of that portfolio, would you lean one way or the other?
James Connor: Well, at this point I wouldnt lean one way or the other because Im not really seriously looking at it. I think when we get to that point we will do what any prudent management team will and explore all of our options and what will create the greatest value for our shareholders.
Michael Bilerman: Great, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well go now to line of Eric Frankel. Go ahead please.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. I will try to make them two good ones. First, with your Chamber Street joint venture; obviously Chamber Street merged with Gramercy Property Trust and so they seem to be undergoing a new strategy. So I was wondering if there's any finality to that joint venture in the near future.
James Connor: Eric, that's a good question. We have been winding down that joint venture, and a lot of the activity in the Chamber Street joint venture was slowed by their acquisition by Gramercy. In terms of the overall number of assets I think we are down to under 10. I think probably eight if I am counting correctly. And I dont think any of those for us are long term holds. So I think I thought has been to let our friends at Gramercy get their arms around the Chamber Street and then we will continue to look to exit most of those assets.
Eric Frankel: Okay, thank you. The final question, I found your phrase for how you think about the e-commerce business as an e-commerce real estate solution provider. Without giving away any trade secrets, I was hoping you could expand on that concept a little bit further and how you'd like to grow that segment of your development business.
Mark Denien: Well, I think, Eric, like any level of expertise in this industry or anything else, it's really based on people and for us its construction and development people who have a great deal of experience dealing with all of the e-commerce providers whether its the Amazons of the world or the Walmart.coms, all the way down to the third-party logistics providers who have been a growing source of e-commerce solutions. Looking at and dealing with omnichannel distribution, weve just done a great deal of it across the country. Weve built a lot of it. We understand what our e-commerce providers needs and where those differ from traditional industrial buildings and we are very comfortable with the direction and markets going and making investments in that product and thats quite candidly what our clients want to hear. 40-foot buildings and heavy parking and losses truck parking. Those are the kind of assets that appeal to our e-commerce clients and we are very comfortable making those investment. So thats we will continue to do.
Eric Frankel: Thats it for me. Thank you. End of Q&A
James Connor: I would like to thank you everyone for joining the call today. And we look forward to seeing many of you during the year at industry conference as well as getting you out to see our regional markets. Thanks again.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay beginning today January 28 at 5:30 PM Eastern Standard Time until February 11, 2016 at 11:59 PM. You access the AT&T executive playback service during that time by dialing area code 320-365-3844 and entering the access code of 383157. Those numbers again are 320-365-3844 with the access code 383157. And that will conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&Ts executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-31 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ron Hubbard - Vice President, Investor Relations Denny Oklak - Chairman and CEO Jim Connor - Chief Operating Officer Mark Denien - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Manny Korchman - Citigroup Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley Dave Rodgers - Robert W. Baird John Guinee - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Duke Realty Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a quarter-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Ron Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please, go ahead, sir.
Ron Hubbard: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Denny Oklak, Chairman and CEO; Jim Connor, Chief Operating Officer; and Mark Denien, Chief Financial Officer. Before we make our prepared remarks, let me remind you that statements we make today are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. For more information about those risk factors, we would refer you to our December 31, 2014, 10-K that we have on file with the SEC. Now for our prepared statement, Ill turn it over to Denny Oklak.
Denny Oklak: Thank you, Ron. Good afternoon, everyone. Today, I will highlight some of our key accomplishments for the quarter and then Jim Connor will give you an update on our leasing activity and development pipeline, and then Mark, will address our third quarter financial performance. We closed $250 million of property dispositions during the quarter at an overall average in place cap rate of 7.1%. These proceeds were primarily the result of two major transactions. In a continuation of our strategy to reduce our remaining suburban office investment, we sold a six building portfolio comprising 1 million square feet in Cincinnati. We were very pleased with the execution on this transaction, given the propertys age, occupancy and rollover schedule. At quarter end, this leaves about 900,000 square feet of suburban office properties in Cincinnati that are all being marketed now and much of which is expected to close around year end. We believe we timed the investment sales market well on the divestiture from this market. After this sale, substantially all of our remaining wholly owned suburban office product will be located in Indianapolis, our home town. The second large disposition was a 1 million square feet modern vault ecommerce industrial facility located in Delaware that we developed as a built to suit a few years ago. While the facility fits our portfolio quality profile, the location is a bit tertiary and we believe its prudent to take advantage of the exceptionally strong market for modern class A industrial product and strategically harvest some value for our shareholders. Were also pleased with the execution on this opportunistic sale at a nice margin on a recently completed development. We also closed on the sale of a couple smaller projects during the quarter and looking into the fourth quarter, we believe well be near the high end of 2015 guidance on dispositions. Weve also mentioned on the last few calls our expectations to continue to sell our remaining suburban office assets as a continuation of our strategy to focus on industrial investment in top tier markets in select medical office developments. In addition, weve also been consistent, communicated our intentions to self-fund our development pipeline, with dispositions of suburban office properties, as well as select industrial asset sales much like we executed in the third quarter. We believe our ability to execute this strategy to self-fund development during times like now when theres a bit of capital market volatility and a public to private equity discount is a great advantage for us. In fact we believe as the current market conditions process from a robust private market investment sales standpoint, we should be able to dispose of another $500 million to $800 million of assets next year in 2016. Let me state that this is not our official 2016 guidance that we will deliver to you in late January, yet this range is in our very early thoughts for next year. I would point out that dispositions at this level would not only likely kind of our development pipeline for 2016, but would also cover most if not all of the $368 million of debt that we had maturing next year. This would greatly reduce if not entirely eliminate any capital needs in 2016, further improve our already strong leverage profile and continue to raise the overall quality of our operating portfolio. Even with these dispositions, we are confident in our ability to grow our AFFO per share in 2016. In light of that, as noted in yesterdays press release, we are pleased to announce a 5.9% increase to our regular quarterly dividend. This increase is driven by our repositioned portfolio, which we believe will perform extremely well in good times and bad. Also with respect to dividends we announced yesterday, a special dividend in the amount of $0.20 per share or about $69 million. This dividend is driven by taxable gains on $1.7 million of dispositions year-to-date, along with additional dispositions we expect to close by year end. As we mentioned from the time we announced other Starwood sale, we wouldnt know how much if any special dividend would be necessary until later in the year. We implemented various tax paying strategies such as seller financing to reduce the special dividends to a relatively small amount. Nonetheless were happy to provide this return to our shareholders. Later, in the call Mark will discuss our near-term capital plan outlook, which takes into account these distribution changes. Now Ill turn it over to Jim Connor to give a little more color on our leasing activity and development pipeline.
Jim Connor: Thanks, Denny. From an operational standpoint we had another solid quarter of leasing totaling nearly 4.5 million square feet. While this is down from our historic levels, its a reflection of our continued record high occupancies in the portfolio with little space left to lease. Rent growth on renewal leases was strong at 13%, representing continued landlord pricing power. Total in-service occupancy ended at 95.8%, flat compared to the previous quarter as lease expirations were essentially offset by solid leasing. Now let me summarize a few key market fundamentals and then Ill close with our development activities. Nationally, the industrial market momentum continues to be very strong. Demand outpaced supply for the 22nd straight quarter.  In the third quarter, the U.S. industrial market has 58 million square feet of positive net absorption, bringing year-to-date totals to 175 million square feet. Supply remained in check at 38 million square feet delivered during the quarter, consequently vacancy rates fell by 20 basis points to 9.6% overall. Most of our markets are having record years including the Inland Empire, which had 6.2 million square feet of leasing in the third quarter, bringing their year-to-date total to almost 35 million square feet or 4.5 million square feet more than all of 2014. Turning to development, we generated $110 million of starts during the quarter across five industrial projects and one medical office project. These new developments span markets such as South Florida, Baltimore, Pennsylvania and Minneapolis, and were 60% preleased in the aggregate. Our overall development pipeline at the quarter end has 31 projects under construction, totally 7.2 million square feet and a projected $639 million in stabilized costs at our share, theyre 47% preleased in the aggregate. The activity on the vacant portion of this pipeline is very strong across the system as our pipeline for build to suit prospects that should improve the occupancy in our development pipeline in future quarters. We also continue to make significant process -- progress in selling non-strategic land during the quarter. Weve sold another $23 million, bringing total land sales year-to-date to $94 million, prompting the increase to our land sales guidance for the year. And now let me turn it over to Mark to discuss our financial results and the capital plan.
Mark Denien: Thanks, Jim. Core FFO was $0.29 per share for the third quarter 2015, compared to $0.28 per share for the second quarter. The increase in core FFO was primarily due to continued improvement in operating results and the impact of developments being placed in-service, which were partially offset by the dilution from continued dispositions. We generated $0.23 per share in AFFO for the third quarter, compared to $0.25 per share in the second quarter, which is in line with our annual AFFO per share expectations. The decrease in AFFO per share from the second quarter was due to increased capital expenditures during the quarter as a result of the timing of lease commencements. Looking out to the fourth quarter, we expect our CapEx to be lower than it was in the third quarter. Same-property NOI growth for the 12 and three months ended September 30, 2015, was 5.4% and 3.0%, respectively. These same-property results were driven by the increased commencement occupancy and growth in rental rates. Current quarter NOI growth was negatively impacted by about 40 basis points due to some bad debt recoveries in the 2014 period. As noted on the prior call, occupancy growth has slowed a bit in the latter half of the year. We still expect strong rent growth and were still comfortable to meet our full year expectations. I will point out that today our non-same property NOI represents roughly 18% of our total NOI and we have significant NOI upside from occupancy growth in those properties. So theres solid overall NOI upside as we look forward. We ended the third quarter with over $217 million in cash, because of this cash position and expected fourth quarter disposition proceeds, we gave notice of our intent to payoff the $150 million, 5.5% unsecured notes that were due March 1, 2016. This redemption is expected to settle tomorrow. We will also use a portion of this cash to fund the repayment, in order to fund the payment of the special dividend that Denny mentioned. Our credit profile at the end of the third quarter continued to improve as well, using the proceeds from disposition activity to reduce leverage along with improved rental income from operations resulted in fixed charge coverage for the third quarter, improving to 3.0 times and net debt-to-EBITDA from the three months ended September 30th improved to 5.9 times. We expect to see further improvement in these metrics during the fourth quarter with the bond payoff and as new developments are placed in-service and speculative developments are leased up. I would like to take just a moment to address our loan related issue in one of our unconsolidated joint ventures that owns a portfolio of office properties in the Washington DC area where we are the 30% minority partner. This joint venture has a $203 million interest-only non-recourse CMBS loan of which our share is approximately $60 million. Due to recent lease expiration in one of the properties secured by this loan, the joint venture did not make a scheduled principle payment during the quarter and the loan was placed in default, because the value of the properties is below the outstanding loan amount, the joint venture elected not to continue to fund that service. The joint venture and the lender have been working together to effectuate a smooth transfer of ownership of the underlying properties to the loan servicer. This transaction has little to no impact to operating results and will actually improve our leverage ratios due to the high loan to value nature of these properties, also there is no impact to any of our other debt facilities due to the non-recourse nature of this joint venture loan. Now Ill turn the call back over to Denny.
Denny Oklak: Thanks, Mark. In review of the year-to-date results and outlook for the remainder of the year, yesterday we raised the low end of guidance for FFO per share by $0.02 per share, narrowing the 2015 range to a $1.15 to a $1.19 per share, effectively raising the midpoint by $0.01. We also narrowed the AFFO per share to a range of a $1.00 to a $1.02 per share. In addition earnings -- into the earnings guidance changes, we raised the narrow land sales guidance from a range of $80 million to $120 million to a range of $100 million to $130 million, up $15 million from the previous midpoint. Also as a result of the highly competitive acquisition market, we reduced our acquisition guidance to $25 million to $50 million, a $75 million reduction again at the midpoint. As noted in yesterdays earnings release, additional detail on revisions to certain guidance factors can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, including the back page of our quarterly supplemental package, which is a new disclosure this quarter. Let me reemphasize, we once again are proud to have a company with a rock solid balance sheet and a low AFFO pay out ratio position to support raising the regular quarterly common dividend 5.9%. Looking forward, were optimistic that the entire Duke Realty team and investment in best-in-class assets can generate steady AFFO growth per share through the economic cycles. Well now open the lines up to the audience and we ask participants to keep the dialogue to one question or perhaps two very short questions and you are, of course, welcome to get back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And first we will go to the line of Manny Korchman.
Manny Korchman: Hi. Just think about MLBs for a second, given all the changes sort of in the healthcare landscape and whats been happening with hospitals, just wondering if you see any changes on the MLB side of the business?
Jim Connor: Hi, Manny. Its Jim Connor. Ill take that. I would tell you that the outlook for the entire healthcare industry from our perspective is very, very positive and healthcare systems and hospitals continue to make capital investments. MLBs and ambulatory care facilities lead most investment categories for hospital systems around the country. So I would tell you it has a very bright outlook and we think were very well-positioned to continue to grow that portfolio.
Manny Korchman: And my other question is on, you mentioned the dispositions for next year, you also mentioned its not guidance? But what would be the composition of that, if you could give us sort of first glance?
Jim Connor: Well, I think, you can assume that a significant portion that will be some of the remaining office assets there. Again, I think, opportunistically selling some industrial assets or cleaning up a little bit of the industrial portfolio will be a relatively minor piece of that, but there could be some, so mostly office.
Manny Korchman: Thats it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Next we will go to the line of Brendan Maiorana.
Brendan Maiorana: Thanks. Good afternoon. So, Jim or Denny, $550 million to $700 million of development starts this year. It sounds like you guys feel pretty good about the demand outlook that exists out there in your portfolio? As youre thinking about the next year or so, is that a pretty good annual run rate or do you think you sort of step off the gas a little bit and if you think things are a little bit riskier out there?
Jim Connor: Hi, Brendan. This is Jim again. I would tell you late in the year looking out into next year were reasonably optimistic that the landscape is going to stay the same. I would tell you that if we take our foot off the gas it will be on the speculative side. As I referenced earlier in my comments, we have a very strong built to suit pipeline and thats both in the industry and the medical business, because as you all know the medical business really looks and acts pretty much like build to suits. So, if we see a slowing or we get concerned about our in-service occupancies, well let up on the spec development, that will be first and foremost.
Manny Korchman: Okay. So and then just related to that for, Mark, so it sounds like you guys expect to be towards the high end of the disposition guidance for this year, so maybe thats another $250 million of proceeds on dispositions this year? And then if I just take sort of the midpoint of that $500 to $800 of possibility for next year, thats about $900 million by the end of next year, so thats probably a little more than your spend on the development pipeline? Is it -- is that a fair way to characterize it and do you think as we sit here a year from now or the end of next year, your leverage is going to be lower than where it is today?
Mark Denien: I think thats a very fair way to look at it, Brendan. After we called the March 16 notes that well payoff tomorrow and were using cash already have on hand for that, were left with about $360 million of debt next year. So you take $360 million of debt and the midpoint of that kind of development of $500 million, $700 million, something like that, that gets closer to the $900 million you just talked about. So we really believe that through the disposition process we can fund the development and maybe not all, but most if not all of the debt thats coming through next year, which would then leave us with a better balance sheet than we have today even.
Manny Korchman: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Well go to the line of Juan Sanabria.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Good afternoon. I was just hoping you could speak to maybe the occupancy expectations as we end the year and if thats the biggest variable in your same-store NOI range for the balance of this year given what youve achieved year-to-date?
Denny Oklak: Ill start with it, Juan and then Jim, can chime in. But we do have quite a bit of new development coming online in the fourth quarter. So I am not really talking about same-property occupancy, I am talking about overall in-service occupancy, if you look at the page in our supplemental that list when our developments are coming in line. In the fourth quarter we have about 1.7 million square feet coming online, its only 16% occupied. So that pipeline right there is whats going to drive our occupancy most likely down a little bit at year end from where we stand today and that will drive our average occupancy for the year down just a little bit, but you know were still very comfortable, probably midpoint to upper half of our occupancy range for the year. And then from a same-property perspective, that population just talked about, obviously, wont impact same-property, because its new property. I think you could see the occupancy in the same-property to be relatively flat from where we are right now. So we continue to measure ourselves against the higher base from the previous year because of all the occupancy lease up that weve done. So thats what putting a little bit of pressure on that same-property NOI growth and maybe, Jim, can speak more generally on overall leasing prospects?
Jim Connor: Yeah. I would -- only other comment that I would make is, we have just a couple of leases rolling at the end of the year that we know were not going to renew. So really we control our own destiny in terms of, as Mark said, leasing up the develop thats coming in service and we have a lot of activity and as I alluded to earlier, a lot of strong demand in the marketplace. So, I think, were confident that we are continue to lease that spec space up thats coming in service and continue to hold those high occupancies that youre seeing.
Juan Sanabria: Great. And just a quick follow up, with regards to the expirees next year, how do you see those placed relative to market as we think maybe about same-store NOI growth and then sort of flat occupancy type world?
Denny Oklak: Well, as we talked at NAREIT and many of the other conferences, we kind of break all the lease roll-up into three different tranches. Looking out the next 18 months and thats a time period that weve referenced a number of times before in different conversations, 25% of the leases that are rolling in the next 18 months were leases that were signed in the trough period.
Mark Denien: 35%.
Denny Oklak: 35%.
Mark Denien: 35%.
Denny Oklak: Mark just corrected me, 35%. So there we think we have significant upside and as weve discussed before 20%, 25% is not uncommon for those trough leases. And then about the third of the leases, we have moderate upside. We typically look to 5% to 10% there. And then the rest third we think theyre flat, there might even be some that that effectively have to get rolled down, because they were made at the peak in 2007 or maybe 2008. But, overall, we still think -- weve still got some runway in the existing portfolio with the leases that are coming due.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Operator: Next we will go to the line of Ki Bin Kim.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you and good afternoon. Could you comment about the changing strategies from ecommerce companies like Amazon, I think a few years ago it was to be in more of the non-intercity MSAs where they had some favorable tax treatment and things like that? And maybe now with their desire to be more same day delivery, are you seeing any kind of incremental shift from ecommerce-based companies that are moving away from like Arizona and more into population centers at all?
Denny Oklak: Sure. Ki Bin, I can give you a little bit of color there. I would say, first and foremost, we are not seeing any slowdown by any of our major ecommerce clients in the large fulfillment centers. Those are still the backbone of their logistics and supply chain models. What you are seeing and the trend has really picked up some momentum this year is the smaller infill facilities. These are typically 50,000 to 75,000 feet and much closer into the major population areas. And this is really what everybody in the industry is referring to the last mile. So you can all remember in the not too distant past when the buzz word was two-day delivery and two day went to next day and next day went to same day and now a number of the ecommerce leaders are going to delivery models where for a small premium they can get you your box inside of two hours. And thats really what this last mile was all about. Its having limited inventory of high volume products close in to major metropolitan areas where they can affect delivery inside of a 90 to 120 minute window.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And could you comment on the type of buyers that are out there for your suburban office sales that youve had in the past couple of quarters and maybe a similar question for, I mean, the higher quality industrial?
Denny Oklak: Well, I think even the big -- the obviously the big transaction we did this year was with Starwood so far, so a private equity-type buyer. I think a lot of the transactions weve done are with those same type of buyers in the suburban office. So generally speaking, a little more leveraged kind of buyers again taking advantage of todays low interest rates makes the risk of owning suburban office a little bit elastic, low interest rates. And some of them are national. I would say national buyers. Some of them are smaller private buyers. That more depends on the size of the transaction, so thats typical on the suburban office. On the warehouse product that we sold this year including the one larger project we saw in the third quarter, I would say a little bit more institutional type buyers. Some private equity folks in there too for smaller product but more institutional.
Ki Bin Kim: Are there any other big portfolios out there that are being marketed for sale?
Denny Oklak: For us, you mean?
Ki Bin Kim: Yeah.
Denny Oklak: No. As weve said, I think weve still got some suburban office assets mainly in Cincinnati where our wholly-owned stuff is now and just a couple here in Indianapolis right now that are all on the market. But theres nothing I guess that I would say is big and so in the remaining guidance we have for dispositions anyway.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next well go the line of Eric Frankel.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. I guess my questions are more related to land. So one could you describe some of the land transactions youve completed this quarter and you expect to next quarter? And second perhaps you can touch upon future development starts? How much of its going to consist of land monetization? How much of its probably going to consist of new land purchases and either new markets or just new locations? Thank you.
Jim Connor: Sure, Eric. Its Jim and Ill address that. From a land perspective, most of the land buyers we have today are combination of either generally private parties that are in the office business, private developers are buying the office land. We have converted a fair bit of our office land to alternative uses primarily apartment and multi-family. So they should be the kind of the two biggest buyer groups. And as we know the strength of the retail market and the multi-family market, were getting very good pricing on those dispositions, specifically down in Florida where we sold some of the suburban office land. So from the buyer perspective thats what were seeing. In terms of our development, we have a goal of continuing to monetize all that non-strategic land that weve identified. So we think we can prune another probably upwards of $100 million of non-strategic land. And thats comprised of some of the residual office land that we have in some of our portfolios and some industrial land where we think we may have too much and be over invested in certain submarkets. But most of the land that well monetize will come from development as we put buildings into production on the existing land base. So overall its a combination of the two. But I would say the majority of its going to come from development and then some from additional land sales.
Eric Frankel: Okay. I guess, I can just go back into the queue but just a housekeeping question. Mark, on the conveyance of the properties in suburban DC, is that going to marked as a disposition or no?
Mark Denien: I am not sure to be honest with you, Eric. Well obviously make sure the disclosure is very clear. We did in the supplemental right now. Weve taken all the properties, all the operations and all the debt off the books just like it was any other property we wouldve sold. I can tell you its really not part of our disposition guidance if thats what youre getting at. And I would just remind you that our share of the debt is $60 million. So the way we look at it, were taking $60 million worth of properties off, $60 million of debt off and they kind of wash out. But when they are actually finally turned over to the lender, well make sure the disclosure is very clear on that.
Eric Frankel: Yes. Okay. Thank you. Ill jump back in the queue.
Operator: Next well go to the line of Michael Carroll.
Michael Carroll: Thanks. Given the strong capital position that you guys have, is the company interested in completing any acquisitions and if not, whats holding you back? Is pricing just too frothy right now?
Denny Oklak: Yeah. I guess. Mike, I would say we would be interested in doing some acquisitions but really just what you said. I mean, generally speaking the pricing is holding us back. Its still pretty expensive out there. And thats why we continue to really focus on the disposition side right now. And were again as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, were very pleased with pricing were getting.
Mark Denien: And I guess the only -- I am sorry -- Mark, the only thing I would add to that is weve got a very strong development pipeline. Were really able to use the proceeds and the balance sheet that we have today to take advantage of those development opportunities.
Michael Carroll: Thank you.
Operator: Next well go the line of Vance Edelson.
Vance Edelson: Great. Thanks. So given the strengths and demand, could you differentiate between class A, B, and C industrial space from what youre seeing? Are all the asset classes performing well now because occupancy is high and theres no place to really go for the tenants or are there still some important differences in performance and the ability to raise rents at this stage in the cycle?
Denny Oklak: Vance, I would tell you and as I touched on with the macro numbers, its pretty good across all markets and submarkets. I can speak to A and B. Clearly A and thats what all the new product thats being developed. Were at the absolute top of the price point with those products. I think for the class B and we do still own a little bit of class B in some of the smaller assets. As weve seen, for instance, the housing industry continue to come back probably not as strong as it did in the last cycle but theyve made comebacks. That small to mid-sized space is continuing to lease. So were starting to see some good rent growth opportunities there. And I happy to say I dont think we own any class C properties. Youll have to ask one of my peers.
Vance Edelson: Yeah. I was asking more about market wide because if the class C is filled up and thats doing well then tenants cant trade down. And theyre really forced to go to class A or class B which actually increases demand for you somewhat market wide?
Denny Oklak: I think thats reasonable conclusion. I think its pretty much hitting on all cylinders out there. And thats a very favorable environment for us and thats why were continuing to be out there pushing rents.
Vance Edelson: Okay. And then just a quick follow up on what you said about land. As you keep an eye out for parcels to acquire, are the higher and better uses such as multi-family or even data centers presenting competition so to speak. And is that perhaps a factor thats helping keep industrial supply off the market?
Denny Oklak: Well we dont -- when were buying land for industrial -- and our company has really changed its culture in terms of how we buy land for our industrial portfolio. But were not competing for residential use as much as we were probably in the last cycle. So were not seeing that much competition. Thankfully were not really in the office development business anymore and were not out buying land. Thats where I think youre seeing more of the competition would be the multi-family guys competing for suburban office land and bidding the price up. So its not much of an impact for us. The greater challenge for us is really more on the entitlement process for industrial. Its not competing with residential or multi-family development.
Vance Edelson: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: And next well go to the line of Dave Rodgers.
Dave Rodgers: Good afternoon, guys. Jim, a question for you I guess on industrial. You talked about a pretty good build-to-suit pipeline, sounds like maybe spec comes down as a percentage of the total. But I guess I just wanted to push a little bit on that in terms of are you seeing anything and kind of the lease-up assets that youre working with that give you pause, doing more spec development on the industrial side? And I guess the flip side of that is do you have enough demand for build-to-suits that the pipeline can get meaningfully larger in terms of what youre building as you move into 2016?
Jim Connor: Let me take those in kind of reverse order. Yes on the build-to-suits. The development pipeline is still very strong on the build-to-suit side both again industrial and in healthcare. So as we begin to formulate our thoughts about guidance for next year which of course were not giving yet, we look at how we think the build-to-suit pipeline is going to hold up for next year. And then we look at how the leasing progress is going on our spec development thats already underway and how much spec risk we think we can take on and still maintain the performance of the portfolio. If you look at where we are year-to-date and where we would expect to finish the year, spec is only about 35% of our total portfolio which is significantly less than most of our peers. And as weve said, with a strong build-to-suit pipeline and we can all remember not too long ago what the effect of all that spec space was when the market starts to turn. Weve taken a little bit more conservative approach and were still comfortable with that.
Dave Rodgers: Okay. And maybe just one follow-up on the office side. I dont know if this is Mark or Jim, but as you look at your occupancy in suburban office, I think its about 89%. Do you feel comfortable transacting at that level or will you drive occupancy higher before any sales? And I guess the bigger question there is should we expect any impact on AFFO next year in terms of what you would guide to as you come out later or early next year in terms of what AFFO could look like if youre really leasing up office aggressively to sell it?
Mark Denien: Dave, Ill take that one. I would say the occupancy at 89% is really not having any effect in our dispositions. Were selling actively out of that pipeline. I dont think youll see a lot of movement in that occupancy. Again it just depends on the mix of dispositions. Same thing I would say the occupancy probably would start picking up a little bit based on what weve got in the pipeline to sell now. You know, as we keep saying the sale of those suburban office assets really is just accretive to our AFFO going forward and we anticipate that same thing to occur on the office dispositions that will happen in 2016 also.
Jim Connor: Dave, I would just add from an AFFO perspective. Looking at what we already have on the market right now, youd just continue to see the capital expenditures related to office go down as we continue to sell it. So there may be some incremental leasing done but on a net-net basis that will continue to head south.
Dave Rodgers: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Next well go to the line of John Guinee.
John Guinee: Great. Thank you. A couple quick ones. I guess, Jim, all of your vacancy is really and your big vacancy is in Perris Logistics Center in Southern California, something in Pennsylvania and Camp Creek in Atlanta. I know where Camp Creek is in Atlanta. But I have no idea where the other two assets are. Where is Perris Logistics Center and where is 33 Logistics Park?
Mark Denien: John, youve got to get out more.
John Guinee: I know, I know.
Denny Oklak: You didnt know we were international, John?
John Guinee: No.
Denny Oklak: The Perris Logistics Center is in the Inland Empire East, John. We bought a site there last year and immediately put about half of it into production with the 780,000 foot building that we have and that will be completed and come into service later this quarter. And then the Pennsylvania building you were talking about is at the Eastern end of the Lehigh Valley.
John Guinee: Got you. Okay. And then Mark, I guess, the self-funding concept is a wonderful, wonderful concept music to my ears. But its a lot easier said than done to sell stabilized assets and 1031 exchange them into development sites. Have you guys figured out a way to do that or do you have enough room in your taxable income to cover any gains out of the asset sales within the current dividend structure?
Mark Denien: Well, as we werent able to give, John, guidance earlier this year on what our special dividend would be for this year, its really difficult to give it for next year at this point in time. But for some perspective, even if you just say were at the top end of that number Denny threw out of $800 million of dispositions next year. If you compare that to the $2 billion we did this year and were only paying a $0.20 special dividend this year. I think that would give you some indication that we do have some maneuvering and some room that we should be able to work through that with what I would call a fairly immaterial issue to deal with.
John Guinee: Got you guys. Okay. Thanks a lot. Have a good Halloween.
Operator: And we do have a couple in queue with follow-ups. Well go to the line of Brendan Maiorana.
Brendan Maiorana: Thanks. So you guys sold the Delaware Amazon building. Theyre still your second biggest tenant. Do you foresee additional sales of the Amazon facilities throughout the remainder of the country or was it just you didnt like the Delaware location as much as the others and thats why you decided to market it?
Denny Oklak: Well, I guess what Id say, Brendan -- Amazon is our largest tenant or our second largest now I think after the sale but -- and weve done a lot of development for them. But weve been pretty particular about where we develop. Theyve done a lot of projects in Id call sort of second, third tier distribution markets, great for them but not so great for us. So weve pretty much shied away from those markets and the Amazon development that we have done weve been -- we like it because we know that even if at some point in time they leave, those assets are in a great distribution markets and we can release those. So the Delaware site with Amazon was also a very -- we got very comfortable with that site but again with exposure to Amazon as well as a little bit out of the way location compared to any other Amazon building that we own, we thought wed take advantage of the market.
Brendan Maiorana: Okay. All right. So, it sounds like a little more one-off there. And then just last one I had, more of a housekeeping question for Mark, the $368 million of mortgages, looks like a pretty high interest rate on those. Timing of when those mature during 16? Is that more early part of the year, middle?
Mark Denien: Yeah. Brendan, theres probably eight or nine different loans there but the biggest is about 300 -- close to a $350 million CMBS loan that we have. It actually matures in December but its prepayable with no penalty in May. So I think its pretty safe to assume that May would be a good take out date.
Brendan Maiorana: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: And next well go to the line of Eric Frankel.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. Just a couple quick follow-up questions. One, could you touch on the MD office market a little bit? It looks like occupancy has picked up there pretty meaningfully?
Jim Connor: Sure, Eric. I mean, our Indianapolis office portfolio has always performed pretty well and even during the height of the recession, the Indianapolis office, our Indianapolis office portfolio never dipped below 90%. So its been a strong performer for us. And as Denny alluded to earlier with us about finished in Cincinnati, youll start to see us selectively prune the Indianapolis office portfolio.
Eric Frankel: Okay.
Denny Oklak: I think one other thing there, Eric.
Eric Frankel: Sure.
Denny Oklak: We put -- built 100% lease built-to-suit I think in the third quarter. So I think that ticked up the occupancy a little bit.
Eric Frankel: Right. Understood. Okay. Actually I have two more questions. Second question is related to the Panama Canal. That is now expected to open next year? Just want to get your thoughts on potential changes in trade flow, East Coast ports? Can they actually accommodate these ships in your view? Is it going to affect demands in any way? Any color would be appreciated? Obviously your Savannah market seems to be holding up much better.
Denny Oklak: Sure Eric. I can give you a couple of the general comments. Clearly we think its going to beneficial for the Eastern Seaboard markets. And I would also include the Gulf markets like Houston. But we think the impact is going to be very slow to take place. I dont think youll see really meaningful movement across the Eastern Seaboard for potentially upwards of 10 years. And while that sounds surprising, if you just think about the whole logistic supply chain network, companies do not make changes in that overnight. And youre talking about changes in rail lines, trains and changing in trucking and distribution, new facilities being built. So I think youll continue to see it evolve over the next 10 years but its going to be a very positive thing for the Gulf and East Coast markets.
Eric Frankel: Great. Okay. Thank you. The final question is related to the dispositions you didnt necessarily highlight, maybe some additional color on that would be great.
Denny Oklak: I am not sure what color are you looking for there?
Eric Frankel: Just pricing, how much you actually sold and where the assets are just that type of detail.
Denny Oklak: For the third quarter?
Eric Frankel: Yes. For the third quarter. Theres a Cincinnati office portfolio, the Amazon building in Delaware and then theres a remainder which we dont really know where it is.
Denny Oklak: I am sorry. I didnt understand the question. Yeah its just miscellaneous things. There was another office asset in Cincinnati that was outside that portfolio. There was a small. It was basically an industrial asset down in South Florida that was originally part of that Premier acquisition we did but wasnt exactly an industrial asset and we sold it. It was more of a flex retail kind of product. We sold a couple things here at south here in Indianapolis. Some miscellaneous small industrial, single story office kind of products. So it was just a bunch of different little things that we keep cleaning up the portfolio.
Eric Frankel: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And no one else is in queue with a question.
Denny Oklak: Id like to thank everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to reconvening here in our fourth quarter call, tentatively scheduled for January 28, 2016 and hope to see many of you at the Fall NAREIT Conference in about two and a half weeks as well. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracy A. Ward - SVP-Investor Relations & Corporate Communications Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer Michael S. Curless - Chief Investment Officer Eugene F. Reilly - Chief Executive Officer-Americas Region Timothy D. Arndt - Senior Vice President, Strategic Planning and Analysis, Prologis, Inc.
Analysts: Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI George Auerbach - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Eric J. Frankel - Green Street Advisors, Inc. John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Brad K. Burke - Goldman Sachs & Co. Dave B. Rodgers - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Emmanuel Korchman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Securities LLC Jamie C. Feldman - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Sumit Sharma - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning, my name is Kyle and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Prologis Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to Ms. Tracy Ward, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin your conference.
Tracy A. Ward - SVP-Investor Relations & Corporate Communications: Thanks, Kyle and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2015 conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning, we'll hear from Hamid Moghadam, our Chairman and CEO, who will comment on our company's strategy and the market environment; and then from Tom Olinger, our CFO who'll cover results and guidance. Also joining us for today's call are Gary Anderson, Mike Curless, Ed Nekritz, Gene Reilly and Diana Scott. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I'd like to state this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filings. Additionally, our second quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures, such as FFO, EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. With that, I'll turn the call over to Hamid, and we'll get started. Hamid?
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tracy, and good morning, everyone. We just finished the great quarter and our financial results reflect very favorable market conditions and solid execution by the Prologis team. In fact, this year is shaping up to be one of the strongest in my 35 years in the business. We're halfway through the three-year plan we outlined for you at our Analyst Day in September of 2013. Let me take a few moments to highlight our key accomplishments since that date. Capitalizing on the imminent rental recovery was the most important objective among our three key priorities as outlined in the plan. Our market rent growth forecast of 20% to 25% between 2013 and 2017 was viewed as quite bold at that time. Yet with the Americas and Asia slightly ahead of forecast and Europe slightly behind, the rent recovery cycle is unfolding pretty much as we expected leading to substantial growth in our earnings. The strong rental recovery has been particularly pronounced in the U.S. where the increases are becoming evident in our rent growth and financial results. Our investment strategy with this focus on global market has enabled us to achieve rent increases of 22% with our share of same-store NOI exceeding 7% in the second quarter. New supply in the U.S. continues to be absorbed at a rapid pace, driving vacancy down to 15-year lows. Our forecast calls for declining vacancy rates in the U.S. through the end of 2016 with supply and demand reaching equilibrium in 2017. As the largest owner in the sector, we're constantly on the lookout for signs of overbuilding, as we have a vested interest in preventing oversupply in our markets. We'll not be shy about sounding the alarm bell at the first sign of undisciplined development. Don't be surprised if our future spec starts remain flat or even moderate compared to starts this year. In Europe, improved customer sentiment is leading to growth in occupancies and rents, especially in the UK and Northern Europe. Markets in Central and Eastern Europe are also on demand, albeit at a slower rate. Even Southern Europe, which has lagged the other regions, is showing modest improvement. The big story in Europe, however, is continued cap rate compression, which began about two years ago. The rates on the continent have tightened by about 150 basis points since 2013 and we expect them to drop another 50 basis points to 75 basis points over the next 12 months. In addition, appraisals in Europe continue to lag real-time transactions by about 50 basis points. Turning to Asia, rents in Japan are growing at a healthy pace and vacancies are low. Competition, however, is seeding up, putting pressure on land prices and development margins. In China, procuring land in the top-tier markets remains a challenge, but high-quality product continues to lease in line with pro forma. Our second key priority was to put our land bank to work to realize its embedded value, while meeting the needs of our customers. Midway through our three-year plan, we've generated $540 million in value creation or about a $1 per share in NAV on $1.9 billion of stabilizations. At full build out, our land bank can support more than $10 billion of additional development or about four years of activity at our current pace. Our development margins will remain elevated and our closure rate on built-to-suit is running very high. We'll remain disciplined with our development starts and expect to create about $400 million or $0.75 a share of incremental NAV annually through our development activity. Our third priority was to use our scale to grow earnings with minimal incremental overhead. At this point in the cycle, asset growth is likely to come through development and less from pure acquisitions, unless of course we're able to capitalize on a competitive advantage in a given situation; for example, through the use of appropriately priced OP units. The KTR transaction is an excellent example of these principles and action. It's rare to have the opportunity to deliver significant immediate accretion to shareholders by finding a portfolio of such quality, which is so consistent with our own. The KTR transaction reduced our G&A to AUM ratio by more than 15% to 54 basis points. The continued build-out of our land banks will make us even more efficient as we scale our portfolio organically. Turning to capital flows, globally we see considerable investor demand for high-quality industrial real estate. In the U.S., we announced these stabilized cap rates in the mid-to-high 4% range in our best global market. And as I've mentioned before, in Europe cap rates continue to fall as demonstrated by our fund valuations, where cap rates compressed by another 30 basis points in the quarter. Before handling the call over to Tom I'd like to leave you with a couple of thoughts. The benefits of scale are clear and manifest themselves in important ways such as lower G&A costs, lower financing rates, and wider array of financing options and a higher share of wallet from key customers. However, size alone does not make us better. We are better only when we deliver profitably on our objectives. Over the past several years, we've taken great care to position our portfolio to where it is today and we're confident that our efforts will pay off in terms of superior same store NOI growth in the coming years. Factoring in core FFO growth in 2014 and the midpoint of our 2015 guidance, we'll have averaged 15.5% annual FFO growth over this two-year period. AFFO is growing even at faster rate, requiring us to increase our dividends three times over the past 18 months for a cumulative increase of 43%. With two years of results in, we've already surpassed what was considered to be an ambitious three-year plan as presented on that Analyst Day. With that, I'll turn it over to Tom, who'll take you through the numbers and guidance.
Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Hamid. We had an outstanding second quarter and strong first half of 2015. Before I begin with our results, I want to remind you that we completed the acquisition of KTR on May 29. The properties were acquired by USLV, our joint venture with Norges. You'll see the impact run throughout our financial statements since we consolidate this venture. The portfolio is fully integrated. The assets have been successfully on-boarded in the day-to-day management of the properties has been transitioned to our regional teams, a terrific example of our ability to scale efficiently. Now let's start with results for the quarter. Core FFO was $0.52 a share, up 8% over Q2 of 2014. For the first half of the year, core FFO was $1.01 per share, up 11% over the first half of last year. Based on feedback we've received from investors and analysts as well as that our share of operations and deployment drives our earnings, this will be the focus of our disclosures going forward. We will, however, continue to provide owned and managed information in our quarterly supplemental. Quarter-end occupancy excluding the KTR assets was 95.6%, up 100% basis points over the second quarter last year. The KTR portfolio was 89% occupied at the time we announced the acquisition. The operations team is making great progress placing this portfolio, which was 92% leased at the end of the quarter. GAAP rent change on rollover was 16.6% and the highest quarterly level we recorded to-date. Rent change was positive across all regions and led by the U.S. at 22.2%. GAAP same-store NOI increased 5.9% in the quarter and was led by the U.S. at 7.1%. Now moving to capital deployment for the quarter, which again is on an our share basis. We continue to deliver very profitable developments. Development stabilizations were $578 million, with an estimated margin of over 31% and value creation of $179 million or $0.34 a share. Development starts totaled $799 million with an estimated margin of 19.6%. Acquisitions were driven by KTR in total $3.2 billion at a stabilized cap rate of 5.5%. And contributions and building dispositions totaled $415 million with a stabilized cap rate of 5.9%. Turning to capital markets, we continue to tap the foreign debt markets at very attractive terms. We completed $3.1 billion of financing activity in the quarter at a weighted average interest rate of 1.6% and term of almost five years. This included $1.6 billion, which was denominated in euro and yen. Leverage at quarter end was 40.2% on a gross book value basis and $39.2% on total market capitalization basis, which is how most REIT's disclose leverage. Debt-to-adjusted EBITDA and fixed charge coverage excluding realized gains was 7.6 times and 3.7 times for the quarter respectively. We have approximately $1.3 billion of short-term financing related to KTR, consisting of the $1 billion term loans due in 2017 and the remainder on our line. Our plan is to repay this balance through asset sales, and I'll get into the specifics of that in a moment. We continue to maintain significant liquidity subsequent to the closing of the KTR acquisition, with over $2.4 billion at quarter end, plus we have no unsecured debt maturities until 2017. Now let's turn to our outlook and guidance for the year. For operations, we're maintaining our year-end occupancy range of between 95.5% and 96.5%, and continue to expect development stabilizations for 2015 of $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion. We're establishing guidance for our share of GAAP same-store NOI to range between 5% and 5.5%. Looking forward, the majority of our same-store NOI growth will be driven by capturing the current spread between in place and market rents as leases roll. To put this into perspective, even with no further market rent growth, our share of same-store NOI in 2016 should grow at about 4% from just capturing today's rent spread. Our assumption, however, is that market rents will continue to grow. We continue to expect net G&A for 2015 to range between $235 million and $245 million. On the strategic capital front, we've increased our expected revenue range to between $200 million and $210 million. Also included in our guidance is an expected net promote from our PELP venture in the fourth quarter of 2015 of about $0.04. In terms of capital deployment, I'll refer you to our supplemental, page eight, for detail on our updated guidance ranges and our share of each activity. You'll note the most significant change is the increase in disposition guidance, as well as we believe this is a great time to sell non-strategic assets that we have value maximized. At the midpoint, our share of the expected net deployment for the second half of 2015 is about $350 million proceeds. But I need to point out that the Morris industrial transaction is included in our acquisition guidance, which we will fund with approximately $400 million OP units. Therefore, the total cash net deployment proceeds for the second half will be approximately $750 million. Now let me spend a minute discussing the plan to permanently capitalize KTR and focus on three aspects. First, we will retire the short-term KTR borrowings of $1.3 billion through a combination of dispositions and contributions, primarily in the U.S. and Europe. With the proceeds generated in the back half of this year, we will repay approximately 60% of this balance and take our leverage to roughly 37%. We'll complete the remainder of the plan in the first half of next year to fully retire the KTR borrowings and fund our development needs. At that point, our leverage would be in the mid 30%s, in line with our target credit metrics and on a path to an A rating. Second, this plan does not assume any sell down of our fund interest. The reason we've prioritized dispositions in this plan is because we expect substantial increases in European valuations over the next year. Since the downturn, we have opportunistically acquired additional interest in many of our ventures, particularly in Europe. As a result, we are well above our long-term ownership target of 20%, and giving us significant financial capacity. For example, reducing our interest to this level in our ventures would generate upwards of $3 billion of capital at today's values, providing substantial embedded liquidity, optionality, and capacity to fund our capital needs beyond the conclusion of this plan. Third, given our confidence in this plan and the embedded capacity within these ventures, we have no need to issue equity, as it'd generate excess liquidity based on our current deployment outlook, and is also consistent with our view of attaining an A rating. Putting our guidance all together, we're increasing the midpoint of our 2015 core FFO, which we now expect to range between $2.18 and $2.22 per share. This represents 17% year-over-year growth, or an increase of $0.32 at the midpoint of our guidance, which follows 14% growth last year. As Hamid mentioned, our AFFO is growing faster than our core FFO in 2015, and as a result, we announced an increase in our third quarter dividend to $0.40 a share. In closing, we had a great quarter and our outlook for our business is equally as strong. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: Thanks, good morning. Tom, I was just wondering if you could provide a little more clarity on I guess the cap rates that you might expect, a range of cap rates from the asset sales to fund the KTR deal? I'm just trying to think about maybe what the negative arbitrage would be between what you bought KTR for and the cap rates on dispositions?
Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer: The cap rates are going to be on average; again, you need to think about this as just being not only dispositions but contributions. I think overall, you're going to see those be in the mid-to-high  the low 5%s on contributions, all the way up to the  maybe the mid-to-high 6% on some dispositions. When you blend that all together, one thing you need to take into consideration, though, is, when we contribute assets for funds, we also get incremental fees, which certainly offsets the dilution.
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The other thing is, Steve, there's some land sales as well in that, and of course, the cap rate on land sales is zero. So, I think it will end up being in the mid-to-high 5%s, when you blend it all together.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Auerbach from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
George Auerbach - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks, good morning. Tom, with KTR closed, can you now talk more specifically about which portfolios, or the overall size of the assets that you have in the market for sale in the U.S. and Europe to fund KTR? And in addition, can you just clarify your comment on PELP, the sell-down? It sounded to me like, from your comments, that we should no longer expect a sell-down of PELP this year.
Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer: That's correct. So, to be clear, our plans is not  our plan to permanently finance the KTR outstanding balance of $1.3 billion assumes no sell-down in our European ventures. And again, as I mentioned, the reason we're focusing on dispositions and contributions for this plan is because we expect substantial cap rate compression in Europe over the next year, and as we look at how we're value maximizing assets on sale, we're prioritizing dispositions and contributions.
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The other thing I would add to that is actually selling in our funds would be the easiest execution that we have out there, because really all we got to do is look at the NAV at the end of the quarter based on appraisals and make a phone call to actually to get that done. So, there is very little execution risk on that. It's just that as I mentioned to you, there is a lag in cap rates from reality. There's about 50 basis points of lag between appraised cap rates and reality in the marketplace, and we think the reality of the marketplace is poised for further compression. So, yes, we could go do the easy thing and put this thing to bed tomorrow, but we'd be leaving about 100 basis points of value on the table and we have lots of other ways of getting to the same place. But we have this as a plan B with $3 billion of cushion. So, we're not losing a lot of sleep over this.
Michael S. Curless - Chief Investment Officer: This is Mike. In terms of the geographic distribution of the portfolios that we currently have in the marketplace or will have very shortly out there, it's a good spread of about a dozen markets, some global markets as well as some regional markets. I think it's a good mix of product that'd be attractive to what we're seeing as a very large buyer pool out there. And in terms of pricing, we have high expectations given the outstanding cap rates we're seeing now in the U.S. It's a really good time to put incremental portfolios out in the market and we're bullish on our ability to get that done by year end.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman from KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just want to follow-up on the disposition theme here. Looking at where you guys are trading relative to private market cap rates, just thoughts on ramping the disposition program even further to potentially buy back stock.
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, one thing at a time. I mean, first, our dispositions I want to emphasize the plan  the disposition plan actually has nothing to do with KTR. We would have sold these very same properties as the final step in the clean-up of our portfolio to align it with our strategy, just like the properties we sold in 2011, 2012, and 2013 and 2014. So, it's just basically the last phase of that. So, KTR, other than a few properties out of KTR itself, does not really impact our disposition plan. It's business as usual. It happens to coincide with paying off the financing that we took on in connection with KTR. But that's just coincidental. So, that's the way we're looking at financing our business and any of you guys have anything else to add to that?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vance Edelson from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. You mentioned that the development margin should remain elevated. Could you comment on development yields by market first across the U.S.? We've heard there are some cities where it could be as low as 4%, others more like 6% or higher. And then if you could also provide the international color on the build yields as well. Thanks.
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Gene, will address that question. I did not address one part of Craig's question, which is on stock buyback. Look, we're going to continue to execute on our disposition plan and also the fund sell-down to align with what our long-term ownership plans are in those funds. Obviously, we'll be in a substantially liquid position. We'll be a lot more liquid than what we need to achieve our A rating. And that capital is available for all kinds of purposes, including potentially stock buyback, but we are nine months to a year away from that because that would be the last thing we would execute on. So, depends on where the stock sits at that point in time, and right now we think our priority should be selling our non-strategic assets and paying off the financing associated with KTR and the stock buybacks are something that will come later, and we'll have the capacity to do a lot of that obviously. So this whole issue of equity issuance, which is  everybody keeps worrying and talking about, honestly we don't get it, because the problem we're trying to solve is excess liquidity not a lack of liquidity. Gene, you want to start?
Eugene F. Reilly - Chief Executive Officer-Americas Region: Yeah, yeah with respect to the development margin, so the U.S. will be sort of high teens and as we've said that we're going to remain elevated in margins, I would say at least over the next 12 months, that I could see. In terms of where that actual returns on cost are, I mean it really range from the mid to high 5%s, in LA for example, if you were to do a build to suit in a 4.5% cap rate environment, it could be that low and they range into the mid 7% depending on U.S. market. So if you look at Mexico, you're going to be in low to mid 8%s, and then of course in Brazil you're going to be in the 10% to 13% in terms of return on cost.
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Our development yields in Europe, Continental Europe I'd say 7%, 7.5% something like that, in the UK probably in the 5% to 6% range depending on the market. Obviously, if you're in the London market, it's going to be lower than if you're up in the Midlands. In China, I'd say they're close to the same as Continental Europe probably in that 7%, 7.5% range and then Japan, obviously lower than that 5.5% to 6%. But again, we expect yields to be pretty healthy for the foreseeable future, cap rates are compressing in Europe and values are strong in Asia.
Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer: And our land bank is still  books substantially less than fair value.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Maiorana from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, good morning. I wanted to ask about the dividend raise. Your AFFO, Hamid, I think you mentioned has grown pretty nicely, grown faster than FFO and probably somewhere around $1.80 or $1.85 share annually. So you've got nice coverage relative to the dividend but you guys do capitalize G&A into development, so that doesn't hit the P&L and then you capitalize some interest expense as well. And we're at a good point in the business cycle. But if development slows down and you start to expense some of those costs that are capitalized, do you still feel like you'd have solid coverage of the dividend at $1.60 relative to an AFFO number if you had to expense a few more of those items?
Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Hey, Brendan. Brendan, this is Tom. So, absolutely we have very strong coverage when you look at where our payout ratios are, we look at this with realized gains because that's TI and that's got to go out the door or a proportion of it does. So we're in a low 60% payout ratio. If you want to exclude realized gains, which we don't look at, but we would be in the mid to high 80%s exactly where we've been long-term after this divined raise. So we feel good about our coverage. We actually need to raise our dividend, not only  we're not trying to just meet our payout ratios or our target, we're really trying to make sure we're paying out the statutory minimum. So we've got TI pressure that we need to increase  continue to increase the dividend to make sure we're getting the right amount of TI dividends out the door. Now on your question about capitalized cost, to put in perspective, we'll capitalize about $70 million of development overhead this year and maybe $65 million of capped interest. So when you look at that $70 million against midpoint of starts for $2.6 billion, that's about 2.6% or 2.7%. So it's a fairly conservative cap  fairly conservative capitalization ratio when you think about what is actually out in the marketplace. So, even if you would cut those capitalized costs by $10 million or $20 million, which is I think would be a pretty substantial cut that would have a very minimal impact on our AFFO given the nominal amount of AFFO that we have out there. So bottom-line, we feel really good about our coverage and in that scenario, I don't think it would materially cover  materially impact our dividend payout ratio, particularly as we look at our growth prospects going forward from rents rolling to market.
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Brendan, can I give you one little other piece of color. I mean, we've got a big advantage in that we're a global developer, and we've talked about this in the past. Look at the spread of our development activity, it is very broad and there's one building per market, we've got  we're building in each one of the geographies, $2.5 billion of development spend is not a big deal for us, we can certainly do more, but we have the advantage of literally picking the markets that we want to develop in. So I think $2.5 billion run rate is a pretty safe rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel from Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Eric J. Frankel - Green Street Advisors, Inc.: Thank you. I wanted to touch upon the operating portfolio a little bit. First, I'm not sure, do you ever mention what your cash releasing spreads were by market? And second, regarding releasing spreads, which markets benefited the most? Were there global markets, were there more of the regional markets or just like to get a little bit of more color on that. Thank you.
Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer: Eric, I'll take the cash rent change on rollover question. So, I did not mention it, but the cash rent change on rollover was about 4.5% for the quarter as compared to the GAAP rent change. Now that's spread a little wider than what we've had in the past, but what's happening is given the significant spread between market and rolling rents, our customers are asking for help to mitigate really the sticker shock that's happening with the significant rise in market rates, just look at this quarter alone. In the U.S., we saw 23% increase in spot rates to rolling rates and as a result, we're trying to help customers ease into these higher rents with escalations, and really just in the initial part of the lease. So that's why it's really important to look at the net effect of rents calculation, because that captures the economics of the overall lease. Looking at the cash rent change, you pick up just that spot change from the last lease to the initial lease, which clearly doesn't represent the economics of what you're signing up for. So we focus on the GAAP net effective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Guinee from Stifel. Your line is open.
John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great, thank you. Here's my question, I'm trying to get to the bottom of it, is you've got great same-store NOI growth. You've got excellent mark-to-market. You have a good value creation and development pipeline. But if I look at PLD at a 5% fixed cap rate, your per share in 2013 was $46.80 and your per share (31:07) for 2015 is $47.70, which is less than a dollar of value creation from 2013 to 2015. So I can't quite see where the leakage is and do you guys have any explanation for that?
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm not sure how that math works, John. I mean the NOI number is growing. If you're taking the same cap rate and applying it, actually interest rates are increasing, so the mark-to-market on the debt should be getting smaller and we're creating $400 million of NAV though the development process every year. So I got to look at the detailed math of what you're talking about, but I'm not sure I totally understand it. There is some degree of FX factored into that, but again, most of that is mitigated because of the fact that we have matched liabilities with our assets overseas. So, I mean I can't do that math for you right now but would be happy to take you through that analysis. By our estimation, our NAV should grow by about a $1 a share, a little less than a $1 a share though the development activity and in the foreseeable future, we see earnings growth in the low-double digit range and probably even 10% just to pick an easy number. So that'd be $3 to $4 of NAV growth. So I don't know what you're doing with your math, but happy to take a look at it.
John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Am I still on the line?
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You are.
John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Oh, this math just comes from page 34 to 36 from your NAV. This is not anything I'm doing creatively or uniquely. I'm just tracking your NAV as presented in your supplemental every quarter for the last three or four years.
Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer: Well, the other piece of it, John, would be the cap rate that you're assuming as well, on that NOI.
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: There's definitely been cap rate compression over the last 12 months, for sure. And I don't know if you're using a constant cap rate or what you're doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brad Burke from Goldman Sachs.
Brad K. Burke - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning guys. I wanted to ask about your leverage mix. Obviously, you're able to issue a lot of debt this quarter at a very low rate. Just want to get an update on how you're thinking about the mix of floating rate in non-U.S. dollar denominated debt versus where you're at today?
Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer: Brad, this is Tom. So, today, we're at about  in the high teens on variable rate debt. Prior to the KTR funding, we were in the high-single digits. We're going to get back to that high-single digit range once we complete the permanent funding plan, and with selling dispositions and contributions that will fund this. So we'll get back down to that range. Our bias is to go long and to fix as much interest as we can at this point, just given where rates are. Regarding the mix of foreign currency debt versus U.S. dollar debt, based on where our U.S. dollar net equity is, we're at about at 90.6% at the end of this quarter, once we complete the KTR plan, we're going to be pushing more of the middle, middle 90%s, of U.S. dollar net equity. So, we don't have really any room today to move up our proportionate of foreign dollar debt. Going forward, we will do our best to match fund our foreign-denominated asset growth with foreign-denominated debt.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Dave Rodgers from Baird. Your line is open.
Dave B. Rodgers - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yes, good morning, guys. Maybe for Mike, a question on construction cost. Can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of the construction cost components increasing? And maybe a second part to that is, how do you see construction cost keeping pace with rent growth here, particularly in the U.S., in the near-term?
Michael S. Curless - Chief Investment Officer: Dave, in terms of construction costs, we're seeing there has been increases in the U.S. over the last couple of years, in the 3% to 4% range, perhaps as high as 5% in select markets where competition is more intense. For the most part in the global markets, we're seeing rents outpace that, that's why you're seeing some construction, that you are from a supply standpoint. Going forward, we anticipate that moderating a bit, maybe into the 2% or 3% range, but I think there is still some pretty significant competition for construction services, given the heavy load of development activity that's out there.
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And in Europe, I'd just say, we haven't really seen significant construction cost increases, because there isn't a lot of development going on today, maybe just a bit. China, we're seeing some small increases as supply continues to move forward, and Japan is the interesting one. Japan, we had a spike right when the 2020 Olympics were announced, and then it peaked and it basically stopped. And we think that, as you get closer to the 2020 Olympics, you're going to see construction cost increases in Japan. At the same time today, we're seeing land increases, very significant land increases, in Japan. So, I think that underpins a pretty healthy story for rent growth in Japan over the next several years.
Michael S. Curless - Chief Investment Officer: And land is increasing pretty much across the board in the U.S., along with entitlement cost. So, while construction increases have been moderate, we think they're going to outpace inflation. Overall replacement costs are going up pretty rapidly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vin Chao from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, good morning, everyone. I just want to go back to the rent spreads here, which were quite strong in the quarter, accelerated from the first quarter. But I think, when they were talked about originally, there was some negative mix in the first half, more European leasing than in the second half. Just curious if that maybe didn't play out the way you thought, and that was part of the reason why we saw such strength in the first half spreads, or if that's still going to be a positive tailwind to you in the back half, and if you could maybe quantify that, how that mix is changing?
Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer: Vince, this is Tom. We've really normalized the mix, starting in Q2. Q1, we were  and part of last year, as you point out, we were more heavily weighted towards Europe, and particularly Southern Europe and Central and Eastern Europe, so it's moderated. So that would be one thing. And then second would just be the strength of the U.S. markets and the proportion of leasing with the U.S. markets driving these returns. So going forward, I think we'll expect  I don't foresee any real mix issues like we had in the past with Europe, with U.S. being disproportionally different.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manny Korchman from Citi. Your line is open.
Emmanuel Korchman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey guys, good morning. If we could just go back to your earlier comment on cap rates compressing in Europe and your hesitation to sell there at the moment, can you balance that against, A, your acquisition plans for the rest of the year, maybe into next year, and how much of that will be in Europe? And B, how you get comfort (38:47) buying in the U.S. and selling in the U.S. at the same time?
Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer: Well, from a mix standpoint, if you look at our acquisitions this year, it's very much  you really need to look at the remainder of the year. It is weighted towards the U.S. and the Morris industrial transaction, which we agreed upon pricing there probably six to nine months ago. So, from that standpoint, we are focusing on  that's a big driver of the U.S., as well as, we do have some U.S. 1031 activity going forward. When it looks about balancing, buying in the U.S. versus Europe, we're always looking at the relative returns, and the overall growth profile of what we're buying and what we're selling. And as  looking at the KTR portfolio, in particular, very high quality portfolio that we expect to perform right in line with the rest of our U.S. portfolio. Look at how our U.S. portfolio is performing right now. We expect the KTR portfolio, similar quality, to perform equally as well. I think that is a big testament to why we wanted to buy that portfolio.
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The only comment I'd make with respect to Europe is as Tom said in his prepared remarks, we've obviously increased our ownership position in our funds, that's the best acquisition that can make. Over the last several years, we've been buying portfolios and as we've told you there, well, we'd like to buy more in Europe, there aren't a lot of portfolios to buy, so we're focusing our time on those one-off acquisitions, and those value-add deals, and you can see it coming through in our numbers. We did two building acquisitions, one in Prague and one in Netherlands in the second quarter, and a total of $144 million year-to-date. If we could get more in Europe and it was good quality stuff, we would do that. At the same time, we will be selling non-strategic assets in Europe, when we feel like they're value maximized. So we are going to be both buyer and seller in a market like this.
Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer: And rounding out the activity in the U.S. the majority of it outside of the large portfolios of Morris and KTR are the value-add acquisitions in U.S. as well, where our local teams identify those, those aren't subject to the same pricing pressures in general that we see on the larger portfolios and it's a way we keep our acquisition activity strong in U.S. more on a case-by-case, project-by-project basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust Robinson. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. So Hamid, maybe we can go back to the earlier conversation regarding capital deployment and KTR. And I think I heard you correctly when you said that you didn't fully understand the market's reaction to equity overhang risk, some of the things that you've heard from the buy side. If you could reflect on just what has happened in the past four months or so with the KTR deal, what are some of the things that you possibly learned or maybe you could have done differently maybe a forward equity issuance or maybe just a whole host of things that you could have done differently or not. I was just curious what your reflections are regarding that and how your stock price reacted post the deal and what feedback you received from investors?
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. That's a really good question. The thing that I learned is that you can be totally honest with people in the way you present something. And in the interest of being super honest and straightforward with people, you could convey an impression that could be really inaccurate. So let me elaborate. Every M&A deal that a company does, they talk about its accretion using the capital structure that will be deployed immediately to fund that acquisition, which in our case is 1.5% debt. And we should have come out maybe and said this deal is not only NAV neutral because we're buying in the (42:51) market, but it is accretive to the tune of 15% or some crazy number like that because we're financing it on the margin with 1.5% debt. And that would have been the least if you will honest thing  honest way we could have portrayed it. So we elected not to do that. We used the word, this is how accretive it is on a leverage neutral basis. And I think the market read that as, we are immediately going to finance this on a leverage neutral basis, and I think it created an overhang. I mean, remember, we own a lot of the stock. We're not selling our stock at a 10% discount or now 20% discount to real estate value just to buy fully-priced real estate. We get that math. I mean come on guys, we've been doing this for a while, okay. So, clearly, that is not what we intended to do. We know all the sources that we have. We know how much non-strategic assets we have that we're going to have to sell, anyway whether we do KTR or not. Sure we have to sell a few more with KTR because as we've mentioned to you, about 5% of KTR is long-term non-strategic. So, yeah, we're going to sell our non-strategic assets and that happens to fully fund this transaction over a 12-month period, and to us that's very comfortable. We are committed to our single A rating, but that doesn't mean we need to achieve it tomorrow. We're heading in that direction. We are not telling you different story to the rating agencies that we're telling to the equity holders, all of what we've told you has been consistent and in my belief presented in the most responsible way possible. But I think the issue about the leverage neutral language and the talking about the timing that was assumed that we're going to get this in balance right this second half after it closes. I think we're actually misinterpreted by the market and we'll take the responsibility for that miscommunication. But the reality is, we'll clearly fund this transaction within a year. Our leverage ratios will be back in line consistent with that single A rating and above and beyond this, we've got about $3 billion in effect equity firepower sitting in our funds that once those funds and ventures are valued properly, particularly in Europe because of continued cap rate compression and closure of that appraisal lag. We'll take advantage of those in a way that it matches with our needs  with our capital needs. So we don't have a big capital drag on our income statement. I hope that clarifies.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum from UBS. Your line is up.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, thanks. Hamid, you had commented that we shouldn't be surprised if the development pipeline stabilizes or goes down as we look out over the next few years. I'm going to assume that we should also expect the same from the land bank but perhaps you could comment a little more, is there any expectation the market should have that the land bank could really move down beyond what happens to the development pipeline just so that you get more of these non-income producing assets off your book so that your earnings multiple isn't negatively impacted by that?
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, that's a really good question. To be perfectly candid with you, not all of our land is strategic. In fact, we've quantified, classified about $400 million of our land as non-strategic, meaning that we don't intend to develop it, either somebody else is going to develop it or we'll sell it to user or something like that. So of our book value of land bank that you see today, $400 million of it should not be there, and we're going to sell that no matter what and not replace it with anything else. So the land bank for sure would come down. Then in a normal market, we will be acquiring land at the same rate as we'll be putting land into production. We'll reach some level of equilibrium at some point. Our best guess is that in that situation, we would have a $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion of land, which is about two years of development at the run rate of $2.5 billion and the math on that is pretty simple. Two years of $2.5 billion development is $5 billion and land is about 25% of the total. So that gets you to about $1.250 billion of land that we need to carry around here. And so if you want to be in the development business and generate whatever we generated, I think it was 17 unleveraged by IRRs over a period of 15 years, you've got to have land. The unfortunate thing as you all know in our business, we don't get to cap that as earnings, and that's fine, because I think when industry counted that as earnings bad things happened. So we're good, but it's real money. It's real cash that comes in the bank in the company and it's real NAV that's created and we can patient to realize that value. So the bottom line is, we like the development business. You have to have some land to account for it to be able to play in that business. It's the highest rate of return business we have, but we have too much land in relation to our development volume going forward. As to my comment that we're going to moderate it is that look four years ago, five years ago, before there was a development business in the depth of the crisis, we told all of you that our annual development volume is going to normalize from $2 billion to $3 billion a year globally and in some markets and in sometimes, it's going to get closer to $3 billion and in sometimes, it's going to get closer to $2 billion. And I guess what I'm saying is that it's been going steadily up in the last three or four years and now it's about $2.6 billion, $2.7 billion. Don't be surprised if that comes down to $2.4 billion, $2.5 billion or something like. I mean that's very normal, and we're going to bounce around numbers like that going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jamie C. Feldman - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you. I'm here with Jeff Spector as well. Can you just talk a little bit about the KTR yields and how they came in or how they are coming in versus your original expectations? I think on the first quarter call you guys had said the in place was a 5.2% cash, this stabilized was a 5.5% and if you backed out the CIP in land it's a 4.85%. And along the same lines if you look at there was an occupancy dip across the portfolio in the second quarter, can you talk about how much of that was KTR versus the rest of your portfolio and what gives you comfort on getting to the guidance you've laid out which is at least a 10 basis point growth if not more?
Eugene F. Reilly - Chief Executive Officer-Americas Region: Yeah. So, Jamie. It's Gene. I think KTR had a 20 basis point effect globally. But let me get to your yield. So things are playing out as expected, if anything the rents we're getting on new leases. And by the way we've signed about 40 leases since we've announced this transaction about 2.5 million square feet in that portfolio, but we're right out of 5.5% yield on a stabilized basis. So this is the same way we describe any acquisition. So that's 95% occupancy. At 89%, you're correct, it was around a 5.2%, but we're already at 92% leased in this portfolio. And our plan is to be just under 95% by the end of the year. So we're a little ahead of schedule relative to the 12-months timeframe that we outlined to get KTR in line with the rest of the U.S. portfolio, or said another way, around 96%. So, hopefully that clears up the yield. I mean I see upsides in the yields because the rents coming in a little better than we expected.
Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer: Jamie, on your point about the 4.9% cap rate. I think you meant to say that if you include the land in the CIP, in addition to the operating assets, the yield would be 4.9%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman from KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hello. Can you hear me?
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Go ahead, Craig.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, it's Jordan Sadler here with Craig. Just a clarification. Can you  are you saying that and I think I understand the sentiment, but there's no equity in the plan any longer. I think last call and where some of the confusion came in was, Tom, you gave the example on a leverage neutral basis talking about the issuance of potentially $1.5 billion of equity. So obviously there's some communication about that ultimate financing, which I know I now understand was not imminent necessarily in terms of how you were trying to communicate it. But now you're saying the plan just does not assume equity, this is going to be done through asset sales.
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: If I may take that question because it's my bad more than company's or Tom. I think we laid out alternative financing plans for you. I think we laid out three financing plans and one of them included equity, and two of them did not include equity. And we wanted to be  we wanted to give you the bookends of what could happen in terms of financing this deal. Our current plan and the one that we're executing right now assumes no equity, the only equity that exists is in effect the OP units that are part of the Morris transaction that go with the Morris acquisition. I mean if you want to really define equity in a broad way and just by way of reminder the valuation of that equity is fixed at where our NAV was on whatever we negotiated that deal about a year ago. It's $43.11, which by the way after discount, issuance discounts and all that is equivalent of $45 a share. So that's the only equity that's ever been in the plan before or after KTR and there is none contemplated in the current plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Guinee from Stifel. You line is open.
John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes, on a lighter note, going back to Europe, I've been watching the Tour de France almost every night, and I have yet to see a PLD roof or a PLD sponsor on any of the teams. Are you guys doing that this year over there?
Unknown Speaker: (54:25)
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's too expensive, John. It's too expensive to get your name on that  on those jerseys, as you know, so we're going to keep our money for dividend growth, but...
Timothy D. Arndt - Senior Vice President, Strategic Planning and Analysis, Prologis, Inc.: You may see something on the roofs, though.
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, so John, you asked a good question, and Tim Arndt, our Treasurer, has been actually trying to reconcile the numbers for you, so instead of waiting, I think he is prepared to talk about it right now. So let's answer your last question now.
Timothy D. Arndt - Senior Vice President, Strategic Planning and Analysis, Prologis, Inc.: Yeah. Hey, John. I'm guessing, I think, between the two periods you described, you're seeing, if we look at, (55:02) I believe you're holding cap rates constant, understand that; the NOI growth is flowing through; you're probably seeing an addition of something like $3 to $4 a share on that basis, and I'm guessing you're also seeing something on the order of $1.50 a share in terms of development value creation added over that period. I think the components you're missing are, we had about a $1 come through, the way we present our NAV in the supplemental, what would appear to be loss from debt extinguishment, which is a temporary phenomena, we bear those debt premiums initially and we earn them back in a period of about two to three years through lower interest expense subsequently. So that'll be coming back through the NAV statements through about 2018, 2019. The other component that would deserve acknowledgment is, it's really 2013 when we got ahead of all of our hedging and debt placements, and until that got up and running, it's a fact that we probably saw about $1 to $1.50 of NAV loss before that program got completed. If you looked at what we did in terms of bond financing in the euro market, as that market opened up, that principally got done in 2014. So, you know we're fully hedged now, we won't see any further loss from FX in NAV today, and we'll earn the debt extinguishment back in about two to three years.
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And John, so that you understand the strategy behind the timing of that euro match funding. The time we did the merger, 40% of Prologis' equity was in foreign currencies  I mean, I'm sorry, in U.S. dollar. 60% of Prologis' equity was in foreign dollars and to that date we had  certainly I had not ever heard a single call about currency exposure in this company. One of our first objectives, the day the transaction closed, that we said we're going to neutralize and insulate this company against currency movement. But we couldn't do it immediately because remember, the PEPR was a big component. We had to bring PEPR in and then recapitalize it with PELP, all that stuff, until we could get all the puppies in the right pond, we couldn't really refinance the transaction. So, as soon as we got these pieces in the right buckets, we basically executed on our immunization strategy on FX, which is  it's really like debt extinguishment. Basically, you had an FX hit upfront, and you're going to earn it back over time in terms of earnings and matching on the debt side. So, if we hadn't done that, at that time, the launch that Tim just qualified for you for $1.50 would have been in excess of $5 a share.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel from Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Eric J. Frankel - Green Street Advisors, Inc.: Thanks for all the questions. Tom, not to beat a dead horse, but regarding the releasing spreads, could you clarify what the average rent bumps you're getting on new leases? Second, regarding disposition plans, how many market exits do you guys plan over the next year or so? And then third, related to the KTR deal, it looks like New Jersey had the biggest dip in occupancy, so just want to understand if there's any particular buildings that need to get leased up? Thank you.
Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer: Eric, I'll take the first part of that. So our bumps over the life of the lease really aren't changing on a long-term basis. What's really happening is, the initial rent in this, call it the first maybe six months of leases that are getting stepped up. So instead of walking somebody to market day one, the sticker shock that is happening, tenants would like to walk into that say, over three months or six months. So that initial rent, you're not seeing the full mark-to-market day one, but you are going to see it over the next quarter or two.
Eugene F. Reilly - Chief Executive Officer-Americas Region: Eric, let me give you an example. And this is real life and, during this past quarter, we had like a dozen examples like this. So put yourself in a tenant's position, you're paying $3 a foot in rent and the market rent today is $5. That exists all over the United States, okay? That's real sticker shock, and we may cut a deal at $5 flat, okay, in which case you'd have a 66% cash rent change, or you may say, all right, we're going to give you $3 for the first year, then it's $5, then it's $6.25 for the next two years. That's a 0% cash rent change. And that second deal has a higher net present value to us. So, it's  the problem with this statistic is that, in volatile periods on the upward cycle and the downward cycle, it doesn't really tell the whole story.
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, with all due respect, and we should stick to real estate, which is our business, and leave analytics to you guys. But in any asset class where the duration of the leases is longer than one year, the concept of cash to cash comparison becomes a little problematic. In apartments and hotels that  or whatever  that concept works just fine, because there is no profile through the term of the lease. But the minute you get into four or five year leases, you can do all kinds of shapes of leasing with different present value implications that will affect that number, but really doesn't affect the effective rent. But we'll continue to report it and I'm sure you'll continue to look at it, but honestly in the way we run our business, we're not that focused on that number.
Eugene F. Reilly - Chief Executive Officer-Americas Region: Yes, we could also make our teams confirmed to a policy that would make us look better, but I want to do that. I want these guys to do smart deals based on what the market gives them. So your other question was on New Jersey. So we have 750,000 square foot development go into the operating pool this quarter and that really is the driver of the occupancy. With respect to that building, we've good activity one it. We're not really worried about it and New Jersey overall has frankly had quite a bit of construction over the last year, but that's very much moderated, not much in the pipeline. So, we feel good about that market long-term, but it's that development that was pulled into the pool that caused that.
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And it was a Prologis development, not a KTR development.
Eugene F. Reilly - Chief Executive Officer-Americas Region: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Maiorana from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. A follow-up for Tom. So the property operating margin in the quarter was pretty high. It was close to 73%, which I think is one of the highest that you guys have had in Q2 for the past several years and was up sequentially from Q1 pretty materially even though occupancy levels were down. Just wondering if there was anything unusual that hit this quarter such that the operating margin might be impacted from the run rate  from the Q2 level for the back half of the year or as we think about it for 2016?
Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer: Nothing unusual that would move that materially. We're  just given where occupancies are trending, right, very high and where we're seeing  revenues are certainly growing a heck of a lot faster than expenses and occupancy is going up, so our operating leverage is increasing meaningfully and that is what's going to drive that margin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sumit Sharma from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Sumit Sharma - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Sorry, no questions. They've all been asked. Thanks
Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Great. I think that was the last question. Again, I want to thank you for participating. We're really feeling good about our business and we are not taking our eye off the risks that are entailed in our business. So  and rest assured we are vigilant but excited about finally having our day in the sun. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-21 17:45:00) =====
Executives: Tracy Ward - SVP, Investor Relations Tom Olinger - Chief Financial Officer Hamid Moghadam - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gene Reilly - Chief Executive Officer, The Americas
Analysts: George Auerbach - Credit Suisse Manny Korchman - Citigroup Jamie Feldman - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Gabriel Hilmoe - Evercore Ross Nussbaum - UBS Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Blaine Heck - Wells Fargo Securities Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank John Guinee - Stifel Sumit Sharma - Morgan Stanley Neil Malkin - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kim and Ill be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Prologis First Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Tracy Ward, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Tracy Ward: Thank you, Kim. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Prologis conference call. If you have not yet downloaded the press releases or acquisition presentation related to this call, they are available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning, you will hear from Hamid Moghadam, our Chairman and CEO; Gene Reilly, our CEO of the Americas; Tom Olinger, our CFO; and also joining us for the call today are Gary Anderson, Mike Curless, Ed Nekritz, and Diana Scott. After our prepared remarks, well host a question-and-answer session. Before we begin our prepared remarks, Id like to state that this call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projection about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as managements beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filings. Additionally, our first quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures, such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. As is our custom, after our prepared remarks, we will please ask you to limit your question to one. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom, who will begin with the highlights from our earnings from the first quarter.
Tom Olinger: Thanks, Tracy. Good morning. As youve seen from our earnings press release, we had a very strong start to the year. Core FFO was $0.49 per share, an increase of 14% over the same period last year. Occupancy at quarter end was 95.9%. Leasing volume was very good, and as a result, we saw a lower than normal seasonal dip in first quarter occupancy. GAAP rent change on rollover was 9.7%, positive across all regions, and led by the U.S. at 15.1%. Cash rent change on rollover for the quarter was 3.3%. GAAP same store NOI increased 3.5% on an owned-and-managed basis, and 3.7% on an our-share basis. CAM true-ups negatively impacted same store NOI by about 50 basis points in the quarter; however, this is isolated to Q1 and will not impact our same store NOI run rate for the remainder of the year. Given the momentum and occupancy in rent change, we feel confident about same store NOI and are increasing the midpoint and narrowing the range on a GAAP owned-and-managed basis to 3.75% to 4.5%, with our share expected to be 50 basis points to 100 basis points higher. On the capital deployment front, starts and acquisitions totaled $421 million, while dispositions and contributions were $494 million. The weighted average stabilized cap rate on dispositions and contributions was 3.6%, which includes the previously announced value-added conversion sale on a 56-acre industrial park to Facebook. Turning to capital markets, we converted $460 million of convertible debt to equity during the quarter, helping drive down leverage, which was 34.4% at quarter end. Debt to adjusted EBITDA, including realized gains, improved to 5.8 times and to 6.4 times without gains. We also continue to have significant liquidity with $2.8 billion at quarter end. Our USD net equity increased to 91% from 89% last quarter. Looking further at foreign currency, we continued our efforts to mitigate the impact on both NAV and earnings. Notably, weve now fully hedged our estimated sterling, euro, and yen earnings for both 2015 and 2016. As a result, movements in these currencies will have no impact on our estimated Core FFO throughout next year. Lets turn to 2015 guidance, which does not reflect any impact of the KTR transaction, as well discuss this separately in a moment. We have included guidance in our press release and supplemental, so Ill focus only on significant changes from last quarter. Starting with deployment, were increasing our disposition range to between $2.1 billion and $2.5 billion with activity coming from non-strategic asset sales in Europe and the U.S., and were increasing our share of contributions to co-investment ventures to 65%. As a result, we now expect to fully fund our 2015 deployment activity through capital recycling. In addition, were increasing the range of realized development gains to between $250 million and $300 million for the year. Putting this all together, we are increasing the midpoint and narrowing our 2015 core FFO to a range between $2.07 and $2.13 per share. This represents year-over-year growth to 12% or an increase of $0.22 at the midpoint. This is on top of the 14% growth we had in 2014. Again, our 2015 guidance here does not reflect any impact from the KTR transaction. Our existing portfolio continues to benefit from strong operating fundamentals and were well positioned to deploy capital at favorable returns. With that, Ill turn the call over to Hamid to discuss the KTR transaction.
Hamid Moghadam: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your joining us today to discuss this exciting transaction. Yesterday, we announced the signing of definitive agreements to acquire KTRs $5.9 billion business at a stabilized cap rate of 5.5% and in line with replacement costs. The transaction is summarized on page three of the presentation. The portfolio comprises of all of KTRs funds and will be acquired by our consolidated joint venture with Norges Bank. As weve discussed on previous occasions, were interested in acquiring stabilized assets in the U.S. only when we see a strong alignment in quality and location with our own holdings and when we bring significant competitive advantage to the table. This transaction is an excellent example of these principles in action. First, its rare to find a portfolio that aligns so perfectly in terms of asset quality, customer profile, and market composition with our own. We believe this synergy enables us to add immediate value through leasing and portfolio operations. Second, we worked hard to position our balance sheet and our institutional capital relationships to pursue significant investment opportunities such as this as they arise. And third, our OP unit structure, the attractiveness of our currency, and our ability to execute reliably and expeditiously give us an important edge on large, complex portfolios, as evidenced in both the KTR and Morris transactions. Let me add that Ive known the KTR leadership team for 15 years and have always considered them to be knowledgeable investors and among the most astute competitors in the U.S. industrial market. I would now like to walk you through the strategic rationale for the transaction, which is summarized on page four of the presentation. First, the portfolio strengthens our U.S. presence with highly complementary assets, representing a 95% overlap with our existing U.S. operating portfolio. Second, the acquisition presents a rare opportunity to deliver immediate accretion to our shareholders as we build an even stronger platform for sustainable growth. Third, this transaction advances our important partnership with Norges. Specifically, it will expand the assets under management of the USLV venture by 6x to $7 billion and grows our partnership with this leading investor to more than $11 billion of assets on two continents. And fourth, this acquisition expands relationships with our current customers and establishes some important new ones. It also adds to our development pipeline, driving incremental NOI growth as we lease up these properties. With that, let me turn it over to Gene to walk you through the details of the portfolio.
Gene Reilly: Thanks, Hamid. Please turn to page five of the presentation deck and Ill start with some background on KTR for those of you who are not as familiar with them. KTR Capital Partners is an investment development and operating company focused exclusively on U.S. industrial real estate since its founding in 2004. The company is a significant player in the sector and would actually rank second among public companies here excluding Prologis. KTRs investment strategy has been very similar to ours throughout its history. They've been our toughest U.S. competitor over the years and have consequently constructed a portfolio that is an extremely good fit for Prologis. The real estate assets include three categories. First, a 60-million square foot operating portfolio of very high quality assets located throughout the U.S., with over 70% focused in LA, New Jersey, Chicago, South Florida, Seattle, and Dallas. 87% of the assets are located in global markets, and as Hamid noted 95% are located where we currently operate real estate leading to the terrific operating synergies well have here going forward. Second, there are eight well conceived development projects totaling 3.6 million square feet, two-thirds of which are located in California. 50% of the development will be delivered at or near shale completion at closing and the remainder will be shale complete before year-end. And finally 438 acres of land capable of supporting 6.8 million square feet in nine markets, all of which appeal the targets and places in which our land bank needs to be restocked. While the development portfolio and land complement our strategy and meet current needs combine they represent less than 6% of the transaction and our percentage of non-income producing assets actually declined post closing. Turning to page 6, this really speaks for itself in terms of depicting the common market selection preferences between the two firms and the clear operating synergies of this combined portfolio. Turning to page 7 and 8, we described the effect of the acquisition on the Prologis U.S. and global portfolio metrics. Key takeaways here are as follows, obviously a very well aligned portfolio, as compared to ours. The KTR portfolio is slightly younger with a longer remaining lease terms. The portfolio is also under leased at 89% occupancy currently. We are highly confident in our ability to bring this occupancy in-line with the rest of our U.S. portfolio within 12 months. We are active in these markets, know all of these assets and actually look forward to taking this on in the current operating environment. This gap by the way represents about two or three weeks of normal leasing volume for us in the U.S. Finally, U.S. equity is up significantly on top of a nice quarterly improvement in the metric pre-acquisition and finally turning to page 9 from the customer perspective the addition of this portfolio will expand relationships with over 150 multi-market customers that today lease space from both firms. Like Prologis KTS a sophisticated customer outreach strives to develop strategic, not purely transactional relationships with the customers and their roaster. And with that I am going to turn it over to Tom to discuss capitalizing and transaction.
Tom Olinger: Thanks Gene. I will continue on page 10 of the presentation. While this transaction provides immediate accretion to core FFO and to cash flow it also has other significant financial benefits. First the acquisition will increase our share of U.S. dollar investments. Our U.S. dollar net equity post the KTR transaction will increase to 93%. As Dean mentioned, we can efficiently integrate these assets and as a result we expect to lower G&A as a percentage of AUM by about 12%. Lets move to slide 11 to discuss how we plan to finance the transaction. We are committed to maintaining a very strong balance sheet with significant liquidity. This transaction has proof of why a strong balance sheet and ample liquidity is a strategic advantage. Longer term we will finance the transaction at line with our capital strategy, which includes both debt and equity on a leverage neutral basis. In the interim we have many different options to fund the transaction and its important to remember weve already financed 45% of the deal through USLV. Lets look at the book ends of our options. On the asset side, this includes incremental dispositions of non-strategic assets and fund contributions in addition to the potential sell down of our interest in PELP, our European venture with Norges. If we assume funding the transaction using a mix of accelerated dispositions of non-strategic assets contributions and sell down of fund interest, the annual stabilized core FFO accretion would be about 5% or $0.11 per share with year-end leverage of about 35%. On the debt side, we have significant availability on our line and capacity for more unsecured and secured debt. We have also obtained a commitment for a bridge loan from Morgan Stanley for up to $1 billion to ensure we continue maintaining significant liquidity regardless of how we elect to fund this over the near term. If we assume we fund the entire transaction with long term debt, the annual stabilized core FFO accretion would be about 9% or $0.18 a share with year-end leverage of about 38%. We also have a 750 million ATM program in place. Regardless of the various combination of capital in the interim over the long term, we will fund this on a leverage neutral basis. We will provide more information on financing plans at the appropriate time.  Turning to accretion on slide 12, on a leverage neutral basis we expect the transaction to deliver accretion of $0.14 on an annual stabilized basis. We expect to hit this annual stabilized run rate in mid-2016. This represents about 7% growth over the mid-point of a revised 2015 guidance. When you consider our net deployment for the rest of the year, including funding this transaction on a leverage neutral basis, our leverage at year-end would decline to approximately 33%. From a cash flow or AFFO perspective we expect growth in-line with core FFO. The impact of this transaction on 2015 core FFO will vary based on the closing date of the deal and how we finance this in the short term. However, assuming we close in June and fund initially on our leverage neutral basis 2015 core FFO accretion would be approximately $0.05 a share. To wrap-up on page 13, we are very excited about this transaction as it meets all of our strategic objectives. It is very high quality and consistent with our long-term investment strategy, provides significant accretion to core FFO and cash flows on a leverage neutral basis, increases our U.S. dollar net equity, lowers G&A as a percentage of AUM, and expands our relationship with Norges Bank. With that I will turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] And your first question comes from the line of George Auerbach from Credit Suisse, your line is open.
George Auerbach : Thanks. Good morning. Tom, just a few questions to help us in the street models. First, the deck noted it's a 5.5% stabilized cap rate. Can you comment on the cash yield today? Second, maybe for Gene, the 89% occupancy, where is the vacancy in the portfolio, just to help us think through just how fast youll lease that up? And three, Tom, the $0.14 of accretion to core FFO, is that a GAAP number or a cash number? 
Gene Reilly: Ill start  go ahead.
Tom Olinger: Gene will start and I will answer the last question.
Gene Reilly: Yes, George Im going to start with the leasing. So, one of the things, first of all the vacancy is actually distributed pretty much throughout the portfolio, so we dont have pockets of vacancy. We have a couple of large buildings but nothing worth pointing out. One thing I didnt mention in the prepared remarks, we have leases signed that havent yet commenced or leases out for about 240 basis points of occupancy right now. So, we hit - the timing just happens that its 89%, but actually we are going to start quite a bit higher than that and as I said we are not concerned about getting this amount. So, your first question was related to cash yields and I dont know Tom you probably want to talk that one.
Tom Olinger: Well George Ill answer your question on $0.14 a share that is a GAAP measure and that includes about $0.02 to $0.03 of non-cash items, which would include any impact on resetting straight line rent, any impact on resetting lease mark-to-market, as well as debt mark-to-market. So, again the $0.14 is on a GAAP basis includes $0.02 to $0.03 of non-cash items and when you think about what the impact on AFFO is, we think the AFFO growth from this transaction will be right in line with our core FFO growth. So, any of the scenarios I talked about you should consider AFFO growing in line with that  those growth rates. 
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, let me answer Georges first question. George, if you stabilize the portfolio to 95%, which is in line, actually a little bit lower than our existing portfolio thats when you get to your 5.5%, at the current 89%, you are at 5.2%. So, I think thats the number you were looking for.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman from Citigroup, your line is open.
Manny Korchman: Hey, guys. Manny Korchman here with Michael. If we just think about the value that you ascribe to the operating platform and Jeff and his Team, is there a non-compete there? Can you help us think about those two topics when you approach this transaction? 
Hamid Moghadam: Sure, I mean the operating platform, you can approach its value from two places. One is, how would the market value this and there are fair number of comps for investment management organizations. Their EBITDA round numbers was in the mid-to-high $20 million range and at 2.30 that works out to a little under a nine multiple on EBITDA. On our side, from our point of view, given the synergies that we have on the overhead side and the arrangements we have on the investment management side, our EBITDA is actually  going to be a little bit higher than that in terms of synergies. So the multiple to us would be a little bit lower than it would be to the upside market. So, depending on which of those two measures you want to look at, somewhere between a seven and a nine multiple on EBITDA.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Specter from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: Good morning. This is Jamie Feldman here with Jeff. If I could just ask a follow-up to the prior question and then I'll ask my question. The follow-up being, what are the synergies? And do you expect to maintain a lot of the KTR staff and platform? And then my actual question is just following up with Tom on slide 11, can you talk us through the magnitude of some of these financing options? Getting a lot of questions about how much equity you'd actually need. And then also thinking about maybe the PELP ownership or some of the other things you could have prefunded, what was the thought on not having all the financing in place at this point? 
Gene Reilly: So Jamie, its Gene. I will answer your first question. So, we have the opportunity to recruit talent from this team and we certainly hope to hire a number of people. We are taking on 60 million square feet here. As you know, we manage our real estate in-house with an in-house property management team. KTR, also ran their business in an integrated model.  And you know, frankly, besides sharing an investment strategy that was pretty much in common with Prologis, their approach of running the business was also very similar. I think they have some of the best people in the business. And they work within a platform that treats customers the same way and approaches the brokerage community and the broader real estate community in the same way. So that is very attractive for us. So we certainly will be taking on a number of their people, primarily in property management roles in terms of numbers, but also some of their investment folks as well.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. Just to be clear, I think in the past you have heard us say that we can take between $10 billion to $20 billion of incremental assets in our markets without any increase in G&A. This transaction is totally consistent with that, notwithstanding what Gene said, which are those additions are on the property management leasing side which are attributable at the property level and are already factored into the cap rate and all the things we just talked about. In terms of the bottom line G&A of the company, we anticipate no change. And in fact, having gone through this exercise now, we are even more convinced that we can take on maybe $10 billion or $15 billion more of assets, again without a commensurate or without any increase in the below the line G&A.
Tom Olinger: And Jamie, this is Tom. I'll answer your question. First on being prepared, we have been getting prepared for a transaction like this for the last four years and getting our balance sheet to where it is with high liquidity, low leverage, strong cash flows. I'll walk you through some of the assumptions on the different scenarios.  So first on the leverage neutral scenario, where earnings were $0.14 on a leverage neutral basis, so what we are assuming there is equity of approximately $1.7 billion, so that would include the units of $230 million and the balance of common equity. So call it $1.5 billion. About $1 billion dollars of debt. About $400 million which is assumed, so incremental new debt of about $600 million. And then we've got a combination of other assets, which is cash, and some other liquid assets plus some additional asset sales of about $500 million. So those are the three components that get you to our share of the funding of $3.2 billion.  Again 1.7 of equity, $1.5 billion which is common, a $1 billion of debt and about $500 million of other assets. That takes our leverage in combination with our deployment guidance for the full year, without KTR, all of that in combination gets us to LTV of about 33% at year end.  The asset sales scenario we talked about simply replaces that $1.5 billion of common equity, with a combination of asset sales and fund contributions and sell downs of interests. So the debt component's exactly the same. That results in earnings accretion of about $0.11 a share and we end up with leverage at the end of the year of about 35%. The last scenario is if we fund this transaction all with debt and that scenario is $0.18 of accretion, and we would end up the year at leverage around 38%. So we feel really good about our ability to fund this in a variety of different ways. And our leverage in all of these scenarios continues to be very good even in the fully debt scenario. So we feel good about where our balance sheet is, we feel really good about our liquidity through any of these various iterations, and we feel good about our rating as a very solid BBB+ BAA1 company.
Hamid Moghadam: I would like to add one more thing. A couple of years ago, we did our first joint venture with Norges in Europe, basically recapitalizing pepper and some other assets in Europe. And at that time, you may recall that we did it on a break-even cost basis about an 8 cap. And the reason we retained a 50% interest is that we were confident that there would be some value appreciation in that portfolio and we negotiated the right to sell up to 30% of that venture down to 20%. Well in the interim two years, cap rates have in that portfolio, compressed from 8 to about 6.4 as of the end of the year. We believe that those cap rates will continue to compress just based on real-time transactions in Europe to probably 6 or a little bit under. And that is a negotiated right that at any time we can basically pull that lever, and generate a $1.1 billion of capital to fund this or any other activities we might have. So to think of it as a built-in equity issuance out there that we can always use, we have great optionality there to fund our business.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gabriel Hilmoe from Evercore. Your line is open.
Gabriel Hilmoe: On the 5.5 stabilized cap rate, does that include all the current developments in process as well as the land being built out? If not where does the yield move to assuming those are built out and stabilize? And then just one for Gene, as far as market rents, where is the KTR portfolio relative to market today?
Gene Reilly: So let me take your last one first. We think that their portfolio is under rented pretty much in the same neighborhood as our U.S., so call it 10% under rented. Relative to the yields, the numbers we gave you were for the operating portfolio. If you add the development portfolio, those yields go up a little bit, as you can imagine, because we have a margin in there. But it is such a small component, you are talking about basis points. And the land is priced as we would buy land okay? So when that is put into production, again that is going to push the yield. But it is $90 million of land and that, again, is basis points.
Tom Olinger: Yeah, the projected value add on the development portfolio is about 7%. Now, remember the development portfolio is almost all under construction and in various stages of being completed, so a lot of the risk has been taken out of it. And but there is still a pretty good spread of 7%, between it and its retail value.
Operator: And your next question comes from Ross Nussbaum from UBS. Your line is open.
Ross Nussbaum: Hey guys, a couple of part question on the fee side. Tom, first, of the $0.35 to $0.37 of accretion that that you talked about that was NOI plus fees, how much of that was fee income? And then the second question I have was, you are buying I guess the KTR platform here. What's just simply buying the assets and not paying the $230 million for the platform just simply not an option in this deal structure?
Tom Olinger: Ill take the first question. On the incremental fees, its about - its between $0.02 and $0.03 is the incremental fees in that caption on page 12.
Gene Reilly: And its Gene, Ill take the second one. First of all, no, that was not an option. And second of all, we wanted it. We are getting benefits out of this weve already described and there is a lot of intangible benefits as well that come along with this, mostly in their people, reputation, brand in the industry. As we said, this is a tough competitor who we think is really, really good.
Operator: And your next question comes from Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Just a couple of quick questions. I'm not sure if I missed it, but what is the total value of the plus CIp? And second question going to the equity portion for funding for this deal, I mean, about a $1 billion to do right? Your stock, I have a trading around 10% discount to NAV. Just curious to know what is your thinking process in terms of timing? Like you know, is it within a couple of years? Maybe slightly I don't want to say agnostic to the pricing but is $42, $43 a share is that in the range where you would commit to that equity neutral statement? Or is it longer term where you want your stock price to be closer to NAV before you actually pursue a equity or leverage neutral transaction like this? And maybe tied to that you know I thought the whole point of having a low levered balance sheet was not to maintain that low leverage but was actually to use it and maybe take leverage up for a deal like this. So curious why you even have to keep it leverage neutral. Thanks.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay, those are all good questions. So let me take them one at a time. The land bank is $90 million of the total deal and the construction in progress is $260 million of the whole deal. Secondly, in terms of how we think about equity, first of all, it would be really unfair and, and misleading if we reported the accretion of this deal on a levered up to 38% basis using debt which is something we can do, but some of that benefit $0.04 of that benefit would come from levering up and we can lever up anything and generate that. So really we chose to describe the transaction on a leverage neutral basis and that leverage neutral level is pretty consistent with our goals, because remember this company is still driving towards a single A rating and we are committed to that. In terms of the level of equity that we need to generate, actually to do it perfectly on a leverage neutral basis if we were doing nothing else the number is about $1.5 billion and we are issuing about a little over $200 million of OP units to the seller. So the number is $1.5 billion. When we would do that totally depends. We are going to be opportunistic. We know what the value of our properties are and we are in no rush. As you heard from Tom, we have multiple ways and multiple levers to pull in terms of financing this transaction. And hopefully we'll be thoughtful about when we take advantage of the equity markets. But we don't need to do it today, tomorrow or even six months from now. We have plenty of runway to do that but we will equitize this transaction.
Operator: Your next question comes from Blaine Heck from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Blaine Heck: Follow up on that last one. Can you tell us where the $44.91 share price for the OP units issued to KTR came from? And then maybe can you comment on the timing of the deal at this point in the cycle versus maybe investing more in Europe where you guys have said that value seemed to be accelerating a little bit more?
Hamid Moghadam: So in terms of $44.81, our deal was the stock price for the 20 trailing days of trading with a floor of consensus NAV which on the day that we shook hands was $44.81. So thats where that came from. So actually consensus NAV is higher than that now, but it happened to be that on that date. In terms of, what was the other question?
Blaine Heck: Timing of the deal, why this is opposed to Europe?
Hamid Moghadam: Well, we are doing both. I mean this is, we can't exactly time strategic transactions like this and we can't plan for them. So, and as you know, we are not in the business of buying a lot of companies. Because frankly, every time we look at a portfolio, we realize that there is no fit between it and our business. And if we want to buy something we usually have to go through I don't know selling half of it, so it is pretty complicated. This is the one portfolio that has almost a perfect match with our own holdings, so we have been very excited about it because of these synergies.  And that doesn't mean that we are not active in Europe, we continue to be pretty active in Europe and we have a good capital recycling model with our funds that adequately capitalizes our development business in Europe. And we did a lot of acquisitions in Europe in the last 24 months before the pricing really started tightening up. Pricing is tightening up. We think there is more room on the cap rates, but there has been 100 basis points to 150 basis points of cap rate compression in Europe since we started investing there in this cycle. There is probably another 50 basis points to 75 basis points left and we'll be opportunistic to take advantage of those deals as well. So it is not an either or. We just can't plan on transactions like this.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Mailman from KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Jordan Sadler: Good morning. Its Jordan Sadler with Craig. My question is something a follow-up on that last question. I guess based on the commentary we've heard from you most recently, I think we would have felt that you have thought that the U.S. was longer in the tooth as it relates to the stage of the rental rate growth cycle, and as it relates to where cap rates are, evaluations are, whereas there seem to be more room or upside in Europe. And so I guess this transaction comes as a little bit of a surprise in that you seem to be buying the U.S. here. So is there anything that's changed relative to maybe the comments in February and March?
Hamid Moghadam: So I think at one of the conferences, somebody asked me where we are in the cycle of what inning we are in. And I think specifically about the U.S., I answered the question that we are in the eighth or ninth inning on the cap rates. And by the way, I have been wrong about that for the last two to three years. Cap rates have continued to compress. But we think cap rates are pretty much there. We said that we are in about the fifth or sixth inning of market rents recovering. And as you know, for the last three years, we have been talking about the market rent recovery and actually had some pretty specific projections that we shared with you which, to be honest with you, were controversial at the time but turned out to be really correct and in fact, a little understating the rental recovery.  And most importantly, in terms of rents in the portfolio, we are in the second maybe third inning. Because these market rents have only started escalating in the last two to three years and it takes awhile before all these things are all through the portfolio. So really, the attractiveness of this portfolio, in addition to its fit, is the opportunity to capture some of those rents as we work our way through the portfolio. Europe, just to be clear, has had cap rate compression, significant cap rate compression, very consistent with the way we call it. The rental upside in Europe will be less, because the rental declines in Europe were less during the downturn, so we think we are in the early stages of rental recovery in Europe, probably in the first or second inning of the rental recovery, other than the UK. The UK is very use-like. But most of Europe is in the early stages of rental recovery and the real story in the short term in Europe is cap rate compression. So they are flipped, Europe is cap rate compression, modest rent recovery. U.S. probably not a lot more cap rate compression but pretty robust rental growth. There is also one other thing I would like to say, because it's really important. We all sit around and throw around cap rates, because they are just really easy things for people to discuss. But there is an underlying quality and the ability of the portfolio to generate same store growth over time. You are seeing that in the Prologis portfolio today. We have worked hard to prune our portfolio down to the key global market and you are seeing that our U.S. rent change this quarter was 15%, up with that up against anybody elses numbers, and the KTR strategy is very consistent with the Prologis strategy. So, we think these high quality portfolios will outperform in terms of same store NOI growth over time and frankly to buy another portfolio and there have been portfolios for sale for another 40 basis points on the cap rate and giving up just upside we dont think its too wise even though it sounds like a better cap rate. Thats how we think about it. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel from Green Street Advisors. Your line is open. 
Eric Frankel: I was hoping you'd comment on these types of deals and how you view your development platform franchise? I see, you guys, you talked about in the past, you guys have ascribe a lot of value to it, so I just wonder, if you think about dilution, when you think about these larger types of deals, especially relative to your cost of capital now, which we will argue is not particularly strong. Thank you. 
Tom Olinger: Well its all a big circle isnt it. I mean, yeah we do think our development business has value. We have done everything we can, you know last two to three years to show its ability to generate profits and that continues and weve talked about maybe getting your 5% or 6% multiple, 5 times or 6 times multiple on those sustainable development gains, but we are not getting it and all the NAVs that people throw around are exclusive of that development platform. Some people are beginning to give us a little bit of credit for that, maybe on the order of $0.50 or $1 a share, but certainly not on the order of $3 to $4 a share, which has six multiple on those earnings would imply. So, and the reason our cost to capital is in your view not very attractive is because we are not getting full credit for that development business. Now with this transaction, we really are reducing the percentage of the company always that has non-income producing asset because this is a large portfolio operating asset and actually the other thing we are doing is actually cranking up their percentage of assets in the U.S. and those two things over time should make this debate about the development, the value of the development business less important as the value of the operating  as the size of the operating portfolio gets bigger and bigger because our development business is not going to get proportionally bigger, but the underlying operating portfolio will continue to grow.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Vincent Chao: Hi, everyone. Just wanted to see if we could get some more color on just the background of this deal, obviously, you've been working with these guys, or aware of them, dealing with them for a long time. But just curious about the timing, and maybe coincides with the cycle question, but why now? And maybe the decision to bring Norges in, were they the driver behind this? Or did you consider this for the wholly-owned portfolio at all? 
Tom Olinger: Yes, Gene.
Gene Reilly: Yes, I think - first of all Norges wasnt the driver of this. I think it was pretty well known that KTR was exploring opportunities for its first two funds kind of throughout last year and we are aware that engage in dialogue and took into a bit of different direction, but as you said weve known these guys for a long time, and weve competed against this business for a long time. We always have respected how they do things, and we like to real estate. So this naturally went in the direction of basically buying the entire business. Once that was solidified, then Norges came into the transaction, but they didn't drive the deal. 
Tom Olinger: Yes, our understanding was that the alternatives they were looking at and you would have to ask them about it, but primarily was focused on recapping the first two funds and continuing the investment of fund three, as we understand it. Also, the other alternatives probably did not include attractive currency like we have, that would be desirable to certain of the investors. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John Guinee from Stifel. Your line is open.
John Guinee: Hi Tom, and I guess your team there, Im sure you have done a lot of forward NAV numbers and if you hold your cap rates fixed is this going to end up being a value creative or value destructive two or three years down the road.
Tom Olinger: This deal as Hamid talked about will be value creative for sure. When you look at the growth potential of this portfolio, and its fit, the efficiencies in which we can integrate this portfolio, I think those two things alone will create a lot of value over the next several years. And notwithstanding the immediate accretion of this deal, most importantly on a cash flow basis. We talked about the $0.14 of earnings and there is about $0.02 to $0.3 estimate in there of noncash items, but our AFFO should grow toe-to-toe with core FFO. So, I think there is value creation all around this thing whether you want to take an earnings cut, or a quality slice, a growth cut, we are very excited about the upside here.
Gene Reilly: John, let me give you a couple of numbers so you get a sense for this. This portfolio, once you look at the operating assets, is about $92.50 a foot. And if you look at the U.S. portfolio that Prologis has, it's a little over $82 a square foot. So there is about a 12% difference in terms of price per foot between these two portfolios. But there is a 15% rent difference between the portfolios. In other words, this transaction, average rent market rent is $547 and the Prologis portfolio prior to this deal is $4.73. So 12% more price per foot, 15% more in rent. So, in terms of metrics, it's very comparable and actually attractive, compared to our portfolio. Now, why is it a little more expensive and higher rent? Well, because it has, the Prologis portfolio is about 50% focused on the top five markets, and this portfolio is about 56% focused in those markets. So slightly higher concentration in the bigger markets, and longer average lease terms. The average lease term in this portfolio is about six and change, and our portfolio, before this deal is about four. And finally, in terms of age, the Prologis portfolio is about 20 years, 21 years, this is about 17 years. So on a couple of parameters, mix of market, age, and duration of leases, if you adjust for it, you can very quickly get to the same evaluation and the rents lineup exactly with that. Now, why did I take you through all this? Because we are a big believer on rental growth in the Prologis portfolio absent this. Remember, last year we grew our earnings and the leverage by 14%, our FFO per share. This year at the mid-point we are growing our earnings even before this deal at 12% per share, again with neutral or slightly declining leverage. And this transaction adds another 7% on top of that, when fully equitized. So obviously those are pretty good numbers. And to have more of the kind of the real estate aligned with ours that can produce those kinds of growth numbers we think is a pretty attractive proposition.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Vance Edelson from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Sumit Sharma : Sumit Sharma for Vance Edelson. Most of our questions have been asked. But I guess what I'm wondering is, is there any part of the portfolio that you would consider noncore or something that you would sell immediately? And also, going back to your question on pricing, I guess this particular deal changes the competitive landscape of  at least from an e-commerce fulfillment category because I see that one of the most telling charts is slide 9, which has Amazon shooting up like crazy. The question really is, having picked up one of the top three e-commerce fulfillment center developers, are you seeing higher pricing power as part of the revenue synergy eventually? Or if not, what else is there driving up the revenues? 
Tom Olinger: Yes, let me just address the question about Amazon, and Gene can talk about the other part of your question. I wouldn't exactly use the words shooting up. Amazon when it is fully shot up is 2.4% of our global rent roll. So its an important customer, but our rent rolls are very, very diversified across different players. Gene, do you want --?
Gene Reilly: Yes, so your last question, which is a good one is did we factor in any sort of competitive advantage in pricing power with Amazon or other ecommerce? No, we did not do that. Having said that, thats kind of part of the platform. KTR has probably the best relationship with that particular company on the build-to-suit than anybody and weve done a lot of business with Amazon ourselves, by the way. So, what was the first question? Yes, sales, sales. So there is a, an immediate sale portfolio and immediate probably means the next couple of years, 4% to 5%. It is small, and basically, its kind of flex the assets in south Florida, some in California. But its very, very, very small.
Operator: And you next question comes from the line of Mike Salinsky from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Neil Malkin: Hi, this is Neil Malkin, Im with Mike. A couple of questions. On the KTR, portfolio you guys cited a good amount of vacancy that you can lease up. Just wondering how you factored in the fact that you can get to 600 basis points, 700 basis points of occupancy increase within a year, KTR was an astute operator? And then also are the prop 13 resets and the occupancy growth, are all those things factored into that 5-5 stabilized yield?
Gene Reilly: Yes. Let me take the first one. So KTR is a very astute operator. But they are also a private equity investor with finite live funds and I can tell you they dont manage the occupancy, they manage the value. And you should call them up and ask them, what they focus on. Our approach is more balanced. But frankly, to move this, we have 250 basis points pretty much in the bank. This is like a couple of weeks of leasing. Im really not that concerned with it. So we can maybe go into that in more detail. But our teams are the best leasing teams in the country, and I think that our stats speak for themselves. As to your other question, do we have everything baked into the stabilized returns? Yes.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Yes, I just had two questions. One was, Tom, I think you mentioned $1.7 billion of equity and Im just curious, if you think about 85% leverage, call it, 6.5 times debt to EBITDA that is an equity commitment closer to $2 billion to $2.1 billion, so I wasnt sure if I heard the $1.7 billion wrong. And the second question was just related to earnings. You took up your current 2015 guidance $0.2 at the midpoint, and I was wondering if you can walk through the drivers of that increase, because anything you start thinking about the changes it would seem more that its tilted down because you are selling a lot more assets, contributing more, you have lower strategic capital revenue, you have slightly higher acquisitions and slightly higher same store, but I would argue the dispositions and the lower strategic capital revenue would have offset both of those.
Tom Olinger: Okay, Michael, Ill take both of those. On your first question the stock, when we talk about the $0.14 of earnings and leverage neutral, that assumes 1.5 billion of common stock and 230 million of units, so $1.7 billion in total. And that relationship, when you also consider the debt we are issuing and the $500 million of other assets, so there is cash in that number of other assets. There are some other assets that we are utilizing. So that is a perfect 65%-35% equity debt split, which is debt in line with where our leverage was at the end of the quarter. We ended leverage at the end of the quarter at 34.4%. So that is the equity number that is needed $1.7 billion all in with the units that keep us in our quarter relationship. Your other question about Q1 earnings, and thank you for asking a question about Q1 earnings. We got them out early. Yes, we are up $0.2 at the midpoint and that is really driven by operations. Yes, we did have some deployment move around, we increased our dispositions, but that was a fairly wide range that we gave you initially and we tightened that up. But when you look at the year the increase, the midpoint of $0.2, its really operations driven and its the fundamentals that you hear us talking about that we have confidence in and we are seeing come through our numbers.
Hamid Moghadam: Hey, Michael, there is one other really important transaction too that helps with this equity math that you were trying to do. Remember, we sold something that was in our NAV probably for low $100 million range for about $400 million and that was the Facebook campus. So that obviously generates a lot of capital.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel from Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. Just speaking of earnings, Tom, can you go through the expense true up process and just talk about how expenses can ramp up like that? And second, just in terms of dispositions now a factor for the year is this at all related to the KTR deal? And third, it looks like Amazons roughly 10% of the KTR, portfolio. You know from what I understand there is a lot of highly amortized improvements that go into those developments; I know KTR has done a lot of that. Can you talk about the economics of those deals and what do you think the long-term rent for those facilities matches up to typical brand new generic asset? Thank you.
Gene Reilly: Questionnaire Eric, its Gene. I'll take the last question first, relative to Amazon. So, you are correct. I mean what really drives the longer lease terms in this portfolio would, the Amazon leases represent a lot of that and that  those will have slower growth over time. And if you look at this portfolio, probably the trade-off is longer lease terms, slightly slower growth because you are not capturing what we believe market rent growth to be. But in terms of above standard tenant improvements, I mean we strip those out in terms of how we analyze any acquisition, including this one.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah, those are not in the numbers that are reflected in the cap rate analysis.
Tom Olinger: Eric, Ill take your other two questions. First in the CAM true up, we go through CAM analysis every quarter. And we do a true up to billings for the prior year in every Q1. When you look specifically at Q1, what happened this time, its not a relatively large, big expense number. It is about $3 million. But what you have is, we had a slight positive true up in the Q1 of 2014, a slight negative true up in 2015, and the delta between those two was about $3 million. But thats far less than 1% of total operating real estate costs for the whole year, which is really what this is driving to. So it has a really surprisingly disproportionate move in your same store. Your second question about deployment changes, the deployment changes that we made absent KTR were made independent of the transaction. Weve talked about accelerating sales of non-strategic assets, particularly in the U.S. We are also looking at the sale of non-strategic assets now in Europe. And we just tightened up the range, and tightened up our approach with that to sell into this market right now.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John Guinee from Stifel. Your line is open.
John Guinee: First, Hamid, great insight and value add on the per pound and rents versus the two portfolios. Second, you may have said this and I just didnt catch it, but is Norges also buying a 45% interest in the platform, the land and the underdevelopment? Or are they only a 45% interest in the 60 million square feet?
Hamid Moghadam: We are 45-55 across the board.
John Guinee: Okay, everything?
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah.
John Guinee: Got you. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brad Burke from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Hamid Moghadam: Lets move on.
Brad Burke: Sorry about that guys. Good morning. I had you on mute. Just a quick one from me. Can you comment on the $5.9 billion paid? How that will compare potentially to the estimates that you have for total replacement costs for the entire portfolio?
Gene Reilly: Yeah, sure. Brad, its Gene. We think we are buying this right at replacement costs. And by the way, in terms of kind of timing and the cycle and so forth, remember we think replacement costs are going to move up pretty dramatically. They certainly have in the last year or two and we think that's going to continue. So we like this entry point. But it's right at it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Yes, one last one. Yes. One last one. Just in terms of that 5.5% yield I think you talked about being stabilized with the increase in occupancy by next summer. And I think Tom, you said there is $0.02 to $0.03 of non-cash. I don't know how much of that is actually in the 5.5% quoted yield, it is all in about 40 basis points. So maybe you can just help us. What is the going in current cash yield, day one, at 89% occupancy with the current rents? And then what is that next summer what are you assuming that occupancy goes to? I assume it's 95% if you are taking it to stabilize, how much market rent growth are you assuming? And what is your, I think the  you said the rents were similar below market to your, so I assume seems there is some pickup also from whatever their role is next year. Maybe just help us current to next summer.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay. All the numbers that I'm going to mention to you are this instant's numbers. No rental growth projection from this point forward okay? At 89% occupancy, which is what the portfolio is, by the way, for another nanosecond, because we think there is another 2.5% of leasing coming through immediately. But at 89%, if you took a picture of that, it's 5.2% yield, if you lease it at today's rent, no inflation in rent. At today's rents, up to 95% leasing, that number goes up to 5.5% yield. And that, neither one of those two numbers includes land and CIP, which are currently non-income producing. If you throw those in the denominator and say we are not getting any return for $260 million of CIP, and $90 million of land the yield goes down to 4.85% yield, but that would be kind of a misleading number. If you then say what happens when you lease up the development that is underway, that 5.5% goes up to like a 5.6%, because those developments are coming in at a slightly higher yield. And none of this assumes any rental growth because it is a cap rate. It is a static measure. For the more dynamic things we look at IRRs and things like that.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman from KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Craig Mailman: Just two follow-ups here. Tom, I was hoping maybe you could give us the number on a cash basis for the U.S. that kind of equates to the 15.1%. Then just secondly, as we look out maybe five years, just curious to the earlier question you guys had talked about the amazon leases. But just curious if you were to compare PLDs legacy, same store NOI outlook that you guys kind of talk about versus what the KTV would be, are the same store kind of outlook similar? Or is this one slightly below where the legacy portfolio would be?
Hamid Moghadam: I would say this one is slightly above where the legacy portfolio would be because the concentrations of this as I mentioned is about 5 points more in the what we consider the very best markets, good demand and supply constraints. As to when youre going to get to those rental changes, it would be slightly delayed in this portfolio because the weighted average lease term is longer. So the potential is more here. You are just going to get to it a little bit later. But if you took a seven year view, it would be higher.
Tom Olinger: On your second question, I dont have that exact number in front of me, but I think its going to be something in the 6% to 7% range. Because weve always talked about our GAAP rent spreads in the U.S. were about 15.1%. We would see the spread between GAAP and cash at any one point in time average between 600 basis points and 800 basis points. So I think it will put you in that range.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Jeff Specter from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: Hey, thanks. Its Jamie again. Just a couple of quick follow ups. One, the yield youve just quoted, I mean, does that include your fee stream from Norges?
Tom Olinger: No.
Jamie Feldman: So thats before fees?
Tom Olinger: Yes.
Jamie Feldman: Whats the incremental yield on fees?
Hamid Moghadam: It is a cap rate, so it doesnt have fees in it. You can assume that our investment management teams are around 50 basis points of assets under management.
Jamie Feldman: Okay.
Hamid Moghadam: Round numbers.
Jamie Feldman: All right, great. And then, Tom, I guess for the guidance, I think you guys took down your strategic capital income. Can you talk us through that?
Tom Olinger: Yes. That is all related to FX movements. About two-thirds of our strategic capital revenues are outside the U.S., so euro and yen denominated. So that reflects marking down the revenues to those spot rates today. Now, however, but remember, we are, hedging our net earnings in both euro and yen, as well as Sterling. So, even though you are seeing revenues go down, you are going to see the offset of that sitting in our income statement in our FX and derivatives line. Thats where the hedges that are in place sit. So thats the benefit. Likewise, we would see some small benefits in G&A for example going the other way because of FX movement. So bottom line is, its all FX movements, but the offset is all sitting down in the net hedge FX line that youll see over the rest of the year. So no impact on earnings.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay, great. I think that was the last question. So let me summarize the key takeaways from this call. First and foremost, even though we didnt really talk about it that much, we had pretty good earnings in the first quarter, we are pleased with it and we think its going to continue to get better throughout the year. But let me just go back to the merger, which is now almost four years ago. We worked very hard to realign our portfolio with our investment strategy, to strengthen our balance sheet, to create a very attractive currency, through our OP unit structure and to form really strong relationships with strategic sources of capital. That was a lot of hard work, but I think that hard work has now positioned us to be a very efficient and effective acquirer of assets. And the platform is scaled to a level that we can do that with no or minimal incremental additions to our overhead. So we are very excited about that. Thank you for participating in our call, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-27 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracy Ward  Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Hamid Moghadam  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Thomas Olinger  Chief Financial Officer Eugene Reilly  Chief Executive Officer-The Americas Gary Anderson  Chief Executive Officer-Europe and Asia
Analysts: Brad Burke  Goldman Sachs Jamie Feldman  Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Toti  Cantor Fitzgerald Ki Bin Kim  SunTrust Vance Edelson  Morgan Stanley Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank Steve Sakwa  Evercore ISI Michael Bilerman  Citi Ross Nussbaum  UBS John Guinee  Stifel Craig Mailman  KeyBanc Capital Markets Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets Eric Frankel  Green Street Advisors Tom Lesnick  Capital One Securities Dave Rodgers  Robert W. Baird Mike Mueller  JPMorgan
Operator: Good morning. My name is Keith and Ill be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Prologis Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Tracy Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Tracy Ward: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2014 conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning, we will hear from Hamid Moghadam, our Chairman and CEO, who will comment on the companys strategy and the market environment; and then from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results and guidance. Also joining us for todays call are Gary Anderson; Mike Curless; Ed Nekritz; Gene Reilly; and Diana Scott. Before we begin our prepared remarks, Id like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates as well as managements beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filing. Additionally, our fourth quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures, and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. With that, Ill turn the call over to Hamid and well get started.
Hamid Moghadam: Thanks, Tracy, good morning, everyone. We had a terrific quarter to finish off an excellent year. A year into our three year strategic plan, which we presented to you back in September 2013, we are ahead on both earnings and deployment targets. Our outperformance reflects the strength of our reposition portfolio, which today is focused on the highest quality assets and the best markets around the globe. Our earnings in 2014 exceeded the top end of our guidance driven by operations and capital deployment. Let me take a few minutes to discuss the three key elements of our strategic plan. Our first priority has been capitalized on the rental recovery. The improvement in market fundamentals has been strong, but somewhat uneven across regions. It is well underway in the Americas, Asia and certain parts of Europe at a pace ahead of our initial projections, while Southern, Central and Eastern Europe lag behind. In the U.S., net absorption in 2014 was right on our forecast, double the rate of deliveries. Our U.S. occupancy outperformed the market by 320 basis points, demand was broad based. At year-end, we were more than 98% occupied in many of our markets. This occupancy combined with double-digit rent change on roll over resulted in same store NOI growth of more than 5% in the U.S. and 3.7% of overall. For 2015, we forecast deliveries of 165 million square feet against absorption of 225 million square feet leading to further increases in occupancies. Moving to Europe, despite the bifurcated recovery at 95%, our occupancy in the region outperformed the market by 210 basis points. As we forecasted, cap rate compression has been a headwind on rent the growth in Europe. Whats surprising is how far and how fast cap rates have dropped on the continent? While absorption and delivery information is hard to come by in Europe, we estimate Class A absorption of 66 million square feet compared to new deliveries of 45 million square feet in 2014. This drove market occupancy up by 150 basis points. Looking forward, market occupancies in Europe will continue to rise as the supplier remains constrained. We see space utilization running at a high level forcing customers to leave more space to support their incremental growth just as they did in the U.S. two years ago. In Asia, market conditions continue to be strong and pretty much on plan. Our second priority has been to realize value from our land bank through development. Last year, we put $430 million of land to work in developments with an estimated overall profit margin of 20%. These outside margins are driven by the low book value of our land which has a build out potential of about $11 billion of properties overtime. Our third priority has been to leverage our scale to grow earnings. Our global reach allows us to deploy capital where we see the highest risk-adjusted returns often ahead of the pack. In the U.S., where market conditions are strong and values are high, we have been a net seller of non-strategic holdings. Conversely in Europe, our focus was on development where we acquired quality assets at significant discounts to replacement cost. Timing here was critical as cap rates compressed throughout the year. For perspective, we took the proceeds from our dispositions and contributions at a weighted average cap rate of 6.2% and redeployed those proceeds into higher yielding assets at a weighted average cap rate of 6.8%. The net result was a favorable spread of 60 basis points on investments. As a result, we are able to grow earnings and at the same time, improve the quality of the portfolio. Moving to strategic capital, we continue to have a significant investor queue with steady interest across all our funds. In 2014, we raised about $2.5 billion of third-party strategic capital. Whats remarkable is that each of our funds has outperformed its respective benchmark for all time segments in the past five years. To sum it all up, we expect market conditions globally to improve from these healthy levels. Our market leading position in Q series around the world gives us the ability to deploy capital profitably and we have the financial capacity to carry out our plan. And as weve explained before, we are well insulated from movements in foreign currency. With that, Ill turn it over to Tom.
Thomas Olinger: Thanks, Hamid. We had great results for the fourth quarter and full year. Core FFO was $0.48 per share on the quarter and $1.88 in 2014, representing an increase of 14% year-over-year. Leasing volume for the operating portfolio in the quarter was 33 million square feet. Development leasing totaled 9 million square feet, our highest level in seven years as we continue to see strong demand for new space. Average term for leases signed in the quarter increased sequentially from 45 months to 60 months. Quarter-end occupancy was 96.1%, up 110 basis points from the third quarter. The sequential increase was driven by Europe, the Americas and spaces under 100,000 square feet. GAAP rent change on rollover was 6.2% led by the U.S. at 11.4%. This metric may sling quarter-to-quarter based on the composition of rolling leases. In 2015, we expect rent spreads to continue to increase and exceed 2014 levels. Cash rent change on rollover was flat for the quarter. GAAP same-store NOI on an owned and managed basis increased 4.1% in the quarter and 3.7% for the full year at the high-end of our prior 2014 guidance range. GAAP same-store NOI on a share basis in the fourth quarter was 4.9% driven by the outperformance in the Americas, which represents about 75% of our share of NOI. Moving to capital deployment, development stabilizations totaled $1.1 billion with $236 million our share value creation or $0.46 per share. Development starts in 2014 totals $2 billion with an estimated margin of 20% indicating the book value of our land bank continues to be significantly undervalued. We acquired $1.5 billion of buildings during the year was $659 million our share at a weighted average stabilized cap rate of 6.4%. The majority of the acquisitions were through our co-investment ventures in Europe. We invested $679 million in North American industrial fund at a 6.1% weighted average stabilized cap rate increasing our ownership to 66%; we begin consolidating this venture in our financial results this quarter. Contributions and dispositions totaled $3.2 billion driven by non-strategic asset sales in the U.S. and the formation of our U.S. logistic venture. Our share was $2.2 billion and was at a weighted average stabilized cap rate of 6.2%. Looking at realized gains in 2014, we generated a $172 from development and $37 million VACs. We measured the realized gains on VACs has the difference between the sales price and the value of the building based at on an industrial use. Turing to capital markets, we continue to exploit the low interest rate environment, while maintaining significant liquidity. In the fourth quarter, we issued a 600 million euro bond and raised a total of $356 million in equity with $214 million through the exercise of warrants related to the formation of our ELP venture back in 2012, and an [indiscernible] issued through our ATM program. Our debt metrics and liquidity strengthen this quarter as leverage declined to 36.5%, debt to adjusted EBITDA fell to 6.8 times and liquidity increased to $3.4. Another indication of the strengthening of our balance sheet is the significant amount of nominal fixed charge coverage. On a run-rate basis, were generating over $1 billion of excess EBITDA over fixed charges annually, our excess coverage is continue to grow in 2015, given expected leverage levels and pace of EBITDA growth. So weve discussed before weve taken significant steps to minimize our foreign currency exposure on both NAV and earnings. With our U.S. dollar net equity at 89%, weve effectively insulated our balance sheet in operations from movements in foreign currency. Europe comprises about 7% of our non-U.S. dollar net equity with sterling representing the majority of this exposure. Weve minimized our Euro net equity exposure by naturally hedging with Euro denominated debt, which has the added benefit of very low borrowing costs. We currently have $3.8 billion Euro debt with an average interest rate of 2.6% and a term of over seven-years. While we have continued to see the U.S. dollar strengthen over the past quarter, the impact on Core FFO from the decline in the Euro and the Yen in the quarter was less than $0.01. The bottom line is we virtually eliminated the risk of FX movements significantly impacting our NAV and earnings. Lets turn to 2015 guidance. For operations, we expect our year-end occupancy to range between 95.5% and 96.5%. We expect to stabilize $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion of developments, an increase of $700 million at the mid-point over 2014. We are forecasting that the increase in NOI from development stabilizations will be the largest driver of our 2015 Core FFO growth. The higher volume and stabilizations will contribute about $0.14 a share to 2015 Core FFO. Looking forward, stabilizations will continue to be a significant driver of NOI growth, given projected starts of approximately $2.5 billion in 2015. GAAP same store NOI on an owned and managed basis is expected to grow between 3.5% and 4.5%. As you know, it is our share of same store NOI that impacts earnings, we expect our share for same store growth in 2015 to be 5,200 basis points higher than owned and managed. As I mentioned earlier, this is driven by the higher performance and our higher ownership of the Americas relative to Europe and Asia. Our share same store NOI growth will contribute about $0.13 a share to 2015 Core FFO. Our net G&A, we expect the full year to range between $238 million and $248 million. We forecast the whole G&A flat despite a planned increase in AUM. On the capital deployment front, we are seeking an increase - we are seeing an increasing volume of profitable development opportunities in 2015 and expect starts to range between $2.3 billion and $2.6 billion. Our well located land bank and global customer relationships are driving increase build issues activity, which we expect to account for about one-third of our starts in 2015. On the specular [ph] development front, we are largely building in our existing [indiscernible] master parks. The average occupancy in the markets where we expect to start and stabilize back this year is about 97%. While acquisitions are always hard to forecast, we are estimating building acquisitions to range between $1 billion and $1.5 billion. We expect dispositions to increase from 2014 and range between $1.5 billion and $2 billion with activity coming from the Americas, Europe and value-add conversions in the U.S. Contributions to our co-investment ventures will be driven by development stabilizations, and are expected to range between $1.3 billion and $1.8 billion. We expect to realize development gains of between $200 million and $250 million in 2015. Putting this all together, our share of net deployment is about $600 million. For strategic capital, we expect revenue to range between $210 million and $220 million, which includes an expected net promote from our PELP venture in the fourth quarter of 2015 of between $0.03 and $0.04, which is in line with the net promotes weve earned in 2014. Now putting all of our guidance together, we expect 2015 Core FFO to range between $2.04 and $2.12 per share. This represents year-over-year growth of 11% or an increase of $0.20 at the midpoint of our guidance. The year-over-year growth is primarily driven by development stabilizations in our share of same-store NOI and reflects dilution of about $0.08 a share driven by the timing of dispositions and increased level of deployment during the year. From an FX perspective, weve hedged the majority of our affiliated 2015 Euro and Yen net earnings effectively insulating 2015 results from any FX movements. In closing, we are very pleased with our results for the quarter and the year. We delivered ahead of our 2014 plan and have strong momentum heading into 2015. With that, we will open up for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brad Burke from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brad Burke: Hey, good morning guys. I wanted to ask about the sources of capital over the course of 2015. It looks like youre planning on deploying around $600 million into development and acquisitions over the course of the year, thats net of your contribution and dispositions. You raised equity during the quarter. So I was wondering whether or not we should expect youd be raising additional equity in 2015?
Thomas Olinger: Thanks, Brad, its Tom.
Brad Burke: Okay.
Thomas Olinger: When you look at our net deployment in 2015, its about $600 million all together. If you exclude our share of acquisitions, we are actually generating about $200 million of net proceeds in 2015. So decision about how well fund any growth really gets down to acquisitions. And it will be a function of the opportunities that we see in the markets and the volume of activity we see and the relative returns, and thats going to drive our decision on how we capitalize and what equity we raise. We clearly have the ATM program its a highly efficient way to issue equity. We also have $3.4 billion of liquidity that we plan on maintaining that level. Our plan assumes that level of liquidity throughout the year, our lines under on and sitting on some cash. So we feel very good about our ability to fund any growth and its going to be a function of opportunities we see returns we can earn, and where our share price is trading.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: Great, thank you. I was hoping you could focus a little bit on fundamental demand. Just give us some color on what weakness or any weakness youre seeing from changes in oil prices and weve seen a pull back in some of the durable goods numbers I think that earnings were relatively weak today. So just kind of any big picture thoughts on whats happening in the broader economy and the impact on demand as we roll into 2015?
Eugene Reilly: Sure, Jamie, its Eugene. Ill take that one. So so-far weve really havent seen an impact and of course impact from oil prices are going to take some time to apply itself out. So at the moment if you actually look at the markets that would be affected by that particular statistic, Houston and Dallas, they are looking pretty good right now. Now having said that, there isnt any question that a long-term $4 to $5 price of oil is going to have negative impacts on Houston, and its probably going to have negative impacts on the state of taxes generally but we have not seen that. In fact, in Houston, fundamentals are robust. Our portfolio there is about almost 9% leased and about 10% of our customers have any exposure to - which roll in directly. So Im not particularly concerned, but having said that, when we look at future capital deployment and development thoughts in the state of Texas, we will be very selective on the sub-markets where were active in and of course a very delicate one.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, the only thing Jamie, I would add to that is that remember we have, were also pretty active in Europe and Japan and those are two net importers. And a drop in the price of oil actually helps those economies.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Toti from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
David Toti: Thank you, good morning guys. Tom or may be can you just comment on the rent spreads in the quarter $6.2 versus $9.7 in the third quarter. How much was that was a function of market mix or your weakness or spending specifics youll be great.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, this is Tom and Ill let Gary or Eugene add-on. It really was a function of mix this quarter. And particularly in Europe and the amount of role we saw in Central and Eastern Europe.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, I think thats it, thats the big story. So Europe counted for about 33% of our leasing this quarter, typically, you see it about 25% and 26%. And in disproportion amount of leasing was done in Central and Eastern Europe, which were markets that were lagging. I mean thats not a good thing were leasing space in those tougher markets. So its driving occupancy and NOI. And as weve said, this number is going to be volatile quarter-to-quarter, but we feel very good about going into 2015 when you look at our annual rent change number. So we think its going to be up over 2014 and as Tom said in his opening remarks driving same store NOI about 3.5% to 4.5% range on an owned and managed basis and higher than that on a Prologics share basis given our disproportionate waiting to U.S, so a net-net we feel good about it.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, the only thing I would add to this is that we are going to be positive and strong throughout the year. The first quarter will be the weakest quarter, which is because of demographics of the leases and our rent change will accelerate throughout the year. So just be prepared on that because you are going to have the same question three months from there.
David Toti: Yes, same as [ph] expectation actually with respect to Europe, Southern and Central Europe.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, for Q1, so good point, Ill leave it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. If I heard you correct on because you provide guidance on what you expect on realized development profit in 2015. And just a couple of questions around that, which I think is a important metric that I think we havent [Indiscernible] that for a very long time. What was on 2014 versus 2015 and if I just do some simple math, I mean it seems like the margin is closer to 15%, if I compared to your contribution guidance in 2015. So I guess with more disclosure. I have questions around that, but maybe if you could provide some more color?
Thomas Olinger: Okay. We did discuss what our expectations are for realized development gains. So just to be clear, we talk about when we stabilize assets, we will talk about what our margins are at that time or margins are above 20% and what we are stabilizing, which is similarly high levels on starts. On for realized gains, those are gains as a function of ours contributing those developments overseas into our ventures are also third party sales. So those are realized, they go through the P&L. The most important thing about those realized gains are thats taxable income and it drives AFFO growth as well as dividends. And we had a $172 million of realized development gains in 2014. We are forecasting realized development gains between $200 million and $250 million in 2015. Thats a function of higher stabilization that are coming off the development pipeline next year or in 2015, and those getting contributed into ventures as well.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, and then of course there is the unrealized gains that are the other half that dont even hit the P&L, which is pretty interesting you know, you are in a business that generates couple hundred million dollars of value creation and basically doesnt show up anywhere in the P&L. Until couple of years later as in effect to getting free $200 million of real estate every year of that will produce a return. So over time you get the return, but youre not getting it in anyway upfront.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vance Edelson from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vance Edelson: Great thanks. Could you provide some color on U.S. rental rates and the continued strength there, specifically the relative rent change between larger and smaller warehouses and then what are some of the driving forces are for the demand in big-box versus small?
Eugene Reilly: Yes, sure its Gene, Ill take that. Our - were getting to occupancy levels that are historic, yet we havent seen before. And what were finding is that small customers that segment of the portfolio, I think had about a 180 basis point increase quarter-over-quarter. So thats really the portion of the portfolio that we have left to lease. And frankly thats where we have more pricing powers. So you have more rent growth with the smaller customers. And as I said on previous calls, that product has much higher replacement costs and we have ways to go before we reach that, so thats where were going to see a continuation of that. In terms of big box and then Michael made some commentary on this, but we see sort of two types of demand going on in the United States. Big-box demand which is heavily oriented to e-commerce, we dont see that slowing down. Thats going to be episodic quarter-to-quarter because they are very big transactions, so we think that will continue. And then on the small side of the spaces, you just have an awful lot of pent-up demand in that category and very little, its in construction and most of the markets.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, but in terms if big-box demand, particularly in the build-to-suit segment, were seeing a definite increase on size requirements, which are reflective, I think of more confidence that the customers have in their futures space needs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Vincent Chao: Yes, good morning everyone. Im just curious in Europe, and the comment sounded very similar to what we have been hearing over the last couple of quarters, in terms of rents being capped by lowering cap rates, but obviously doing very well in the occupancy front. I was just curious given the economic conditions there and some of the key measures that are going on, if theres been any particular markets where youre seeing maybe an increased opportunity to deploy capital or invest that maybe a little bit different than what you have seen over the past few quarters. Just give an competitive level or your outlook for those markets.
Gary Anderson: Vincent, our thesis in Europe is to be simple. Our forecast when we prepared to 2015 plan, in no way anticipated obviously QE. So on the margin, QE in Europe, is a positive. So and thats now reflected in our guidance or anything. So if anything on the margins, there is upside in our numbers going forward. Now is to how important that will be et cetera, I cant really tell you but I tell you that cap rates in Europe have probably compressed 75 basis points anyway and maybe more in some places not UK. UK compressed couple of years ago, and its one of the most cap rate markets in the world. But the rest of Europe, I think has compressed 75 basis points to 100 basis points maybe depending on the market and that is definitely a headwind on rental growth. I think it will be a more emmenic [ph] rental growth as a result of that. But well take it in terms of increased value its okay.
Thomas Olinger: But Vincent, I guess one thing to add, in terms of the weight of capital and ECB is driving cap rates down. Weve been in front of this, if you think about it. Look back to 2013, we deployed about $600 million in third party acquisitions; this year or last year rather 2014, about $1.2 billion; and prior to that, were investing in our funds. So I think weve been in front of it, certainly the tougher environment on a go forward basis to acquire I would say large portfolios and [indiscernible] but well be selective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Good morning. Hamid, I can appreciate the fact that the business is performing well. And then you guys are in a position to increase development starts. Im just wondering given some of the comments Jamie made about some of the consumer demand in drop some companies like CAT, how you guys think about manage the development risk and potentially what are the warning sign that would get you guys to potentially pull back on the development stats.
Hamid Moghadam: Steve, thats a really good question and something that we think about all the time. Our business has a lag with whats going on in the real economy. Remember when the business turned around sort of in 2011, were all sitting around wondering when, why people were not taking space and what the redoing was the utilization rate was going up, and utilization rate was absorbing all the net new demand. But not transplanting into more space being leased. And then finally people could no longer the utilization rate and they have to new space. Nobody wants to lease industrial space because they liked it they only do it because they have to. So finally, U.S. absorption picked up and that ended up being a big driver of demand. So as the economy has sputters and these - the data sets that are coming out are really erratic. I mean some data is really good and surprises people and some data like the cats of surprises the negative. I dont think well see the impact of that until couple of years down the road, and unless its a steady trend up one quarter, down one quarter, that wont affect anything, but if its a steady decline obviously well show up in our numbers and demand for our product down the road. But I dont really think that thats an overall, we are going to be experiencing that anytime soon. Now, how we manage this is pretty simple, we are buy and large most of our developments. Well, and third of them our businesses, so those are leased and we know actually 35% of them and we know kind of where that stands. And of the balance of 65% I would say the vast majority are in parts where we already have in a couple of buildings or many buildings and we are building the next incremental building. And those parks that has usually lead to the next building been built are 97% occupied today. So on the margin, we may guess wrong on one building in one park, but its not like the office business where you drop a million square foot building and three years later maybe youre wrong about the market. Its a very incremental kind of growth. So thats what we do. We look at how space is leasing every day, every minute by talking to our people.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman from Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Yes, good morning out there. Tom, I was wondering if you can just provide a little bit more granularity in terms of the FFO increase is coming from development, I think you in your opening comments talked about $0.14 incremental in 2016 gross about $70 million of FFO. And I guess when I look at the development pieces that we have its about $700 billion give or take of pre-stabilized developments that are obviously rolling into 2015. And then overall $700 million increase in the amount [ph] of development stabilizations in 2015 out just to 2014. And I assume the pre-state wide developments are earlier and $1 billion out of the $2 billion of developing ending in 2015 or probably later. You are going to get this continual FFO growth. And so maybe just provide us a little bit more details of the up and down, exactly how much NOI was recognized in 2014 off of what base, how much of that is still over from last year and how much was coming at 2015 so I assume its probably helping 2016 as well?
Thomas Olinger: Yes, Michael. Simple math would be we stabilized $1.5 billion in 2014, well stabilize $1.8 billion if the midpoint in 2015, just take a simple half year convention. So were going to get a half a year pop from 2014, take the yield to 7.5%, were going to get half a year pop from 2015 stabilizations, so half of the $1.8 million take that at 7.5% yield. That gets you roughly $70 million, thats your $0.14 a share. The important thing like you said is, what this means going forward. The pop we got in 2015 until our stabilizations of reach are steady state of development, youre going to continue to see this incremental pop from stabilizations every year, because in 2016 were going to be stabilizing the other half, youre going to get a full year run rate on that $1.8 billion. Were starting about $2.5 billion at the midpoint in 2014, so that ought to be stabilizing in 2016. So I would see, I think were going to continue to see this pop until we reached the point that our stabilizations and our run rate at a steady state converge.
Hamid Moghadam: And the only other thing, Michael, I would add to that is that if you train a normalize kind of our earnings for the development ramp and all that, there is one other thing you normalize for and that is dispositions over acquisitions. Our dispositions tend to be more front-end loaded. Our acquisitions, and development completions and stabilizations tend to be back end completion. And that training mismatch erodes or dilutes us by about $0.08. So the $0.14 delivered will be offset by $0.08 of the bad in a steady state kind of environment. So net, net, net its not as big as you would think. And in a normalized year, obviously acquisitions and dispositions would be equal and would be roughly the same timing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum from UBS. Your line is open.
Ross Nussbaum: Hi good morning guys. I wanted to follow-up a little on Steves question, if market trends in the U.S. continue in the manner that theyve been going which is that absorption has been outpacing construction so our industry occupancy rates are moving higher, it would lead me to believe that one of two things are about to have an either, youre going to see accelerate market rank growth, or youre going to have to see more supply coming. So I guess the question is which one is it MBD [ph] and why?
Gene Reilly: Ross, its Gene. I think both are going to happen, as youre going to have one in certain markets, and the other in markets where you can have more supply. But overall at these levels we have nine markets above 98% of occupancy and 19 markets above 96%, thats in our portfolio. And the underlying markets that were doing business in there are getting to occupancy levels they havent seen before. So my guess, and by the way at the same time the constraints on supplying new space, continue to get more difficult. So the entitlement process isnt easier building our kind of product, building industrial product is particularly challenging. So I think youre going to see more rent growth than immediate reaction in terms of new supply. As weve forecasted we think supply will pick up in the U.S. next year. And were going to get closer to equilibrium, but the other thing Id point out is that as a percentage of stock, these new completions are still very, very low. And frankly as a percentage of stock, the net absorption is also low by historical standards. So there is probably some upside there as well.
Gary Anderson: But let me tie this just something that we talked about in I think our Analyst Day may be two to three years ago, when we laid out the thesis for very substantial rental growth, which in those days was actually quite a position to take and it actually has played out pretty much that way, may be a little bit better than the U.S. and a little less in Europe, but fundamentally the same way. We laid out three steps in this rental increase scenario. Step one, is just a simple rollover of lease time at the trough to market rents. Just spread to market of the existing leases. Number two, the catch up of market rents are that point in time to replacement cost rents, which is kind of the phase were in now. The third step is that as construction volumes increase, price of construction is going to go up and were seeing this in many markets at substantially higher than inflation, because margin will come back into the subs and into the general contractors, and construction costs were going up. And also land costs are going to be new cycle land cost with new entitlements, bursement [ph] and all of that. All of that stuff is coming in at significantly higher than inflation. So replacement cost is not a static number, its a number that is going up pretty fast right now. Now at some point it will normalize, but I think that we are in the middle to late stages of Phase II, but Phase III hasnt even started. And there are some markets that are further behind, some markets that are more closer in. Inland Empire, I would say your rents are right about the place where you can develop profitably and interestingly, because of rent, its because cap rates, but same difference. So replacement cost as a moving target and expected to move a lot in the next couple of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Guinee from Stifel. Your line is open.
John Guinee: Were ready. Well, okay. Couple of one long question. Tom looks to us like your weighted average cost of interest went down from 4.2 to 3.6 as a result of all the tenders you did. Whats to us the back of the envelope is thats worth about $0.10 a share in FFO growth for 2015 over 2014, is that the right math. And then second is what you are thinking about your dividend policy. And then for Hamid, PLD stock in oil is about 47 bucks a share will be higher in two years.
Thomas Olinger: By the way, John, before we answer any of those questions, I just wanted to give credit to keys for doing the best pronunciation of your name ever. So lets start with that.
John Guinee: Yeah.
Hamid Moghadam: So on the impact of the various debt tenders that weve done, Id say over the last two years. The impact over on all of that has been about concerns like you said, however, we saw about $0.03 of that come through in our 2013 earnings or another $0.03 in 2014 and it will get about $0.03 to $0.04 to that in 2015. So the 2015 impact is really $0.03 to $0.04. Now, if you isolate only the impact of the tenders and your analysis youll get a higher number, but you cant do that because you need to look at what we did to our overall capital stock. We used to run our lines at over $1 billion drawn at a very low interest rate. We are carrying zero outstanding balance at our line. So it is $0.10 is not the right number, its really $0.03 to $0.04 for next year.
Gary Anderson: And actually weve cashed on the balance sheet which fund the other way in terms of what it contributes. In terms of the - our stock price versus oil, I have no idea other than the fact that in the very long-term both of them are going to be up a lot. And with respect to dividends, which was the other part of your question, by the way pretty good job of asking three questions. But on the dividends, basically our AFFO is growing pretty rapidly and though our dividends is going to grow somewhere in line or lower than AFFO and higher than inflation its going to be in that range. So Tom, you wanted to add.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, I will just add. Our AFFO growth in 2014 was about 22%. And looking at 2015, we see AFFO growth in line with Core FFO growth surround 11%. And we look at and we have to look at our AFFO with realized gains because that impacts our TI. And when we look at payout ratios, this year our AFFO payout would be about 74% and in 2015, I think, its going be probably even a little less than that payout ratio. So well be in the low, somewhere in the low 70s, payout ratio in 2015.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Craig Mailman: Hi, just curious, the average maturity overall lease in this quarter, hope the 15 months relative to previous, I mean, even this comment was it something in particular this quarter, or are you seeing tenants trying to take a longer-term perspective on their space needs? And be aggressiveof the fact one for eachchannel that you guys have a pretty good queue of private capital, wanted to be deployed. May be just comment on what geographies that capital is looking for or may be any changes there, and thats the hurdles. Where there return hurdles? Gary you have something.
Hamid Moghadam: Craig, Ill take your first question. Its Eugene. We have now for the last few quarter, we have been aggressively pushing term, with this part of cycle, we are pushing rents and looking for longer-term. Most of you will recall during the downturn we scaled back dramatically and do not want to lock in low rents, so that strategy has been shifting. We have a very, very large sort of quarter-to-quarter change 15 months dont think of that as a trend. So there is a little that aberration there, but looking at say the trailing four quarters, were up about 10% for five months and youre going to see that continue. So were going to continue putting term at least in the U.S. and in Europe its probably a different story. Garry has something.
Gary Anderson: Craig, Ill just say that whats driving it up, obviously the Americas in the U.K were about 75 months, thats typically a longer-term lease market and youve got the market thats in our favor. Obviously this particular quarter we had development leasing at $9 million square feet, which is driving in the quarter-to-quarter up, because the development leasing with high percentage of builder suites are generally longer-term. But thats offset by what were doing in Continental Europe, were trying to stay short in Continental Europe, so our average lease term is about 36 months there, plus or minus, because we want to take advantage of the rental growth when it does come through.
Hamid Moghadam: In terms of interest and private capital I would say, its across the board. And at pretty high levels, I would say comparable to the mid-2000s, because theres a lot of pent-up demand, these peoples set the market out for long time and not that theres more liquidity in the markets there investors are back in. If I were going to pick one region, I would say Europe is getting the most interest on the margin. As people view Europe as a place that has some cap rate compression still left. And you know in Europe the appraisals are way behind reality. And most people understand that. So theyre trying to get their money invested based on old price as opposed to new prices that are being paid on the margin. But people really do believe this cap rate compression story and the value being less in the European markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Maiorana from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Brendan Maiorana: Thanks, good morning. Tom heard your response to my [indiscernible] question about the development. Stabilization - has an impact in terms of FFO for 2015. If I look at 2014 stabilization, it was only $1.1 billion, which was down from 2013 even though starts, increased, have increased each year from 2011. What cost the stabilizations to be low in 2014 relative to kind of where it starts been in the past couple of years and do you see that risk or swing factor in FFO numbers could be as we look at 2015?
Thomas Olinger: Yes, 2013 versus 2014 was a mix issue because a fair bit of the starts that we had in 2013 where in Japan. And the Japan construction cycle is probably more like 18 months to construct and that leads up. So that was the way that kind of over 2013 and the 2014. But going forward, Japan has been - weve had a very steady level of development starts 2013, 2014, 2015 in Japan. So I dont see that swinging at all, and Id see stabilizations should get closer and closer to our - forgetting average out like we said long-terms start somewhere in the $2.5 billion range. Its probably going to take us in 2017 until we get that an equal run rate. But for simple map, I would use sort of a two year lag between starts and stabilizations, thats a good real fund.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Catherwood from Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Tom Catherwood: Just thinking about foreign currency here a bit, was wondering what the same store NOI would have been in the fourth quarter and for 2014, inclusive of the negative currency movement and when we think about that [ph] being 89% U.S. dollar net equity. What kind of exposure FFO was you think you have in 2015 as far as base swings in the year or at the end?
Thomas Olinger: Yes, Ill answer your second question first. As far as from a P&L perspective we have virtually zero impacts from any FX movements. We have hedged our estimated euro and yen net earnings for 2015 we hedged the euro at about a 1.20, 1.2 and the Yen at 1.20. So we are really locked in for earnings for 2015. So were fully insulated. On an NAV perspective, at 5% move of all of our foreign currencies against us is about $0.25 a share impact on NAV. The other item, yes well the other question was on same-store, we do report same-store on a constant currency basis, so you can see the real impact of whats happening on the operation side. However, if we look at our same-store impacted by FX, our share would really go up, because we are disproportionably owned in the U.S., so about 75% of our NOI is in dollars. And that relative percentage the U.S. actually becomes a higher percentage, if you FX adjusted because the dollar has strengthened against other currency. So dollar goes up in that scenario, Euro and Yen impact goes down. So when you look at our share, it would actually be more positive on an FX adjusted basis. The other thing since you brought up FX I do want to touch on as weve got the question or two around, in our reconciliation of FFO to our net income down to our Core FFO about whether we are backing out the impact of unrealized FX losses. When you look at our operations virtually all of our FX activity around the world goes through our P&L is realized and goes through our FFO. The only thing that would go through unrealized FFO from a - Im sorry, go through unrealized FX or anything around the derivative. We take those when they are realized. When you look at our P&L that line that says derivative losses in FX adjustments, theres two things going on to that line, its a negative $20 million number thats getting added back, so a positive $20 million number. Thats made up of a $36 million loss related to the mark-to-market on derivative, our derivative convertible debt security. So that convertible debt matures here in March, we think its going to convert into equity is the strike price is $38.72. From a GAAP perspective, we have to mark to fair value of that derivative debt against our share price. So our share price went up in the quarter, we had to recognize a loss related though. That we add back that was $36 million. We actually had about $20 million of FX unrealized gains in the quarter and that all related to our hedges that we have about in place, we have about $1 billion of hedges and those hedges, they are worth about $160 million, none of that $160 million have gains that weve realized over the last year since we have those hedges in place went through our P&L, zero. So that should go through our NAV but none of thats going through our P&L. So everything, the vast majority of all the FX that happens around the world hits our P&L, hits our Core FFO.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Salinsky: Good afternoon guys. You talked about your share of the same-store NOI, can you talk a little bit, may be on your renewal basis kind of what your expectations may be the U.S. and Europe specifically. And then as you look forward to 2015, just given the compression weve seen in cap rate, as well as the growth that you realized around the primary markets, domestically in the U.S., where do you see the best growth opportunities domestically?
Hamid Moghadam: Okay, Ill take the first question, just some color on where we would see same-store growth. Ill talk about it on an owned and managed basis. We would see the U.S. in the mid-five, somewhere next year. Europe and Asia, in the call 1% to 2% range. Now blending that all together when you look at our proportion and ownership thats how you get something in the mid to high fours for our share of same-store growth next year.
Eugene Reilly: And the growth opportunities, if the question is related to where can we sort of push rents, more aggressively I draw your attention to the desktop manual look away with very, very high occupancies. But I want to call two markets that have really been laggards one is Chicago and the other Atlanta. Both of those markets sort of began to turn the corner in 2014. Huge amounts of absorption, and were actually seeing very, very strong rent growths in those markets. And for us thats $50 million square feet of product and in terms of incremental growth in income, I would probably point to those two markets in terms of potential for the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel from Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. Hamid or Tom, who has the lower cost of capital. You or the investor in your strategic capital queue.
Thomas Olinger: I think our investors in our strategic capital queue have the lower cost of capital for core product. I think we have a lower cost of capital for development activity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Lesnick from Capital One Securities. Your line is open.
Tom Lesnick: Thanks, Ive got a clarification question on the North American Industrial Fund consolidation this quarter. Ownership obviously increased from 42% in 2Q to 63% of 3Q, but it didnt consolidate, what was the controlled threshold or test a qualified for a consolidation of 4Q that now that ownership is 66%?
Thomas Olinger: This is Tom. It relates to the rights that the limited partners had in that fund and in Q4 we got down to just one remaining investor, so its ourselves and one investor, and as a result of that the limited partners rights control right went away. That was a triggering event getting down to one investor.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Rodgers from Baird. Your line is open.
Dave Rodgers: Yes, thanks. Either for Tom or for Mike, you talked lot about development in terms of the third of the starts being build-to-suit. Could you talk geographically where you expect those starts to be? That earlier I missed it. And now along those same lines, can you talk about whether youre seeing any differential in margin or development yield that would be different, obviously geographically it varies? But any difference that youre seeing start to emerge given kind of the economic environment out there? And then the second question just to Tom, on the promotes I think you did expect some promotes whether there is some potential this year, but I assume arent in guidance can you confirm that?
Tom Olinger: Yes, Ill take the promote question first. In my prepared remarks, I did talk about our guidance does include $0.03 to $0.04 of net promote in 2015, in the fourth quarter of 2015 we have a promote opportunity with our PELP venture or Norges venture in Europe. And again thats $0.03 to $0.04 thats in our guidance in Q4 of 2015 and its consistent with the level of promote weve recognized up in 2013 and 2014 earnings.
Michael Curless: And in terms of, this is Mike, in terms of the complex the makeup of the development volume, I think geographically, as Tom mentioned in his remarks, over 95% of the activity is going to take place in our global market where the fundamentals there are really strong call it 97% occupancy in those markets. From a margin perspective, we take the over in terms of our average relative to global markets relative to some of the regional markets were doing business in, but its not a big appreciable difference and we still think regional markets are very meaningful part of our business. And at the end of the day, build-to-suits ought to about 35% of the total volume and I would point out that 35% of the larger amount of volume this year would be about 25% increase in the build-to-suit volume from last year. Were very bullish about how that pipeline looks given the amount of LOIs and signed leases we have in terms of carry over volume already this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Mike Mueller: Hi, I just wondering Norges, the assets on balance sheet that you can contribute here in Norges JV this year, what are you thinking about that growth 2015?
Thomas Olinger: We dont have a contribution arrangement with Norges on any under assets, with the JV on the series of assets. Actually its two JVs, one in the U.S., one in Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman from Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Yes, just for follow-ups, just in terms of the equity rates in the quarter, when, just in terms of timing, when were you sort of notified that Norges is going to exercise the warrants? And then also when did you make the decision to tap the ATM and at what price, did you do that? And I get the fact that the convert, this coming will give you more equity in March, but I guess where it starting today relative to your NAV, do you have a desire to tap the ATM further, given where it may have occurred in the fourth quarter?
Eugene Reilly: So from a timing perspective, the Norges warrant was exercised in December. And we tapped the ATM program in December. Going back to our plans for 2015, again, it really gets back to acquisition opportunity. So if you strip out acquisitions, our share out of 2015 guidance net, net our deployment generates cash of I think roughly $200 million. So our decision to raise equity will line up with the opportunities we see in the returns that we see with those acquisitions. So thats how we are looking at it. If we see great opportunities to acquire portfolios, well think about the smartest way to capitalize that. And I think weve got a lot of different way to do that, when you think about our liquidity, our ability to tap the equity markets and the substantial equity queue thats built up in all of our private capital, our strategic capital vehicles. So we got lots of different ways we can fund deployment in acquisition to particular, if wed like the economics out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Guinee from Stifel. Your line is open.
John Guinee: Just Scott Im sorry. One of a question is that to imply Tom that youre help promote this 4Q 2015 that also imply that Norges those from 50% to 80% in that same quarter or those apples and oranges?
Thomas Olinger: Yes, those are apples and oranges. We have the ability and this is true and, I think, almost all of our funds where we can earn, we have the opportunity to promote every three years. Fourth quarter of 2015 is the third anniversary of the formation of the PELP venture. Therefore that is the first time, first quarter in which we can earn a promote. Likewise, if you look to 2016 and you can see this in our disclosure or supplemental as weve got two other funds, I think, its our PELP II fund and [indiscernible] Europe, both are up for promote opportunities in 2016. So were going to see a steady stream of promote opportunities over the next several years given as Hamid mentioned our funds are performing about their bench marks. So I would expect if that holds were going to see promotes not just in 2015, but continue one. Now the other thing youre referencing is that the PELP sell down right that we have, but we can sell down our ownership interest down to a 20% interest. That is totally independent of any promote of thats a separate decision and thats going to be a function of how we want to deploy our capital globally, thats going to trigger and what opportunities we have, if and when we trigger that sell down right.
Eugene Reilly: Its also a as long as we think that decision in 10 point increments, its not like all or none its an 10 point increment and it doesnt all have to be - that decision doesnt have to be made in 2015. We have that window coming up every year, so we can sell as much or as little as we want whenever we want pretty much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel from Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Eric Frankel: Thank you. I want to talk about U.S. property values a little bit. Could you talk about the composition of the property sold during the quarter, I think, the weighted average stabilized cap rate at the lowest Ive seen in awhile. I know that you guys have some unique properties you sold the south part of the Bay Area that where probably is going to be likely converted a couple of years. So Id like to understand as to where property value thinks our cap rate might have moved?
Eugene Reilly: I would say this we have a one property that would fall under the description of unusual in terms of unusual good, in terms of Bay Area with an upside potential. But the vast majority of our sales actually in the last couple of years have been non-strategic properties in smaller markets from the bottom of our portfolio. So with the exception of that one deal in Silicon Valley, the rest of it would be non-strategic sales. So on average it would be lower than median of our properties, probably a lot lower than the median of our properties. Eric, bottom line is the price stock on industrial cap rates in the U.S. are in the low fours on the very best markets. And in the low fives for most markets, Im talking about brand new great product in the markets everybody wants to be in with a good credit tenant. And I would say low fives in most markets and sixes, six pluses and six, six and halves in some of the less strategic markets. Im not sure, we deploy capital at those kinds of numbers in fact we wont, but thats where the market is.
Operator: Your last question comes from that line of Jamie Feldman from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: Thanks, Hamid. I guess can you walk through where you think cap rates are for Europe along the same lines what you just did for the U.S.?
Hamid Moghadam: Sure. London and the Southeast would be four, Midlands would be low fives, Southern Europe would be six and half to seven, with an aero down by the way on that one, Germany would be in the low fives, same with the rest of Northern Europe. What am I leaving out?
Gary Anderson: Eastern Europe.
Hamid Moghadam: Definitely in Eastern Europe would be six and half.
Operator: There are no further
Hamid Moghadam: And Im sorry, just a complete the global, since we talked about everywhere else. I think Japan is low fives hitting high fours and within the J-REIT structure its actually trading in high threes.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ill turn the call back over to the presenters.
Hamid Moghadam: Right, thank you everyone for being here, I know how you are battling to storm back ease all the best to you in dealing with that. I look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ron Hubbard - Vice President, IR Denny Oklak - Chairman and CEO Jim Connor - Chief Operating Officer Mark Denien - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jamie Feldman - Bank of America - Merrill Lynch Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley Kevin Baron - Citi Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors Dave Rodgers - Robert W. Baird Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets Jamie Feldman - Bank of America
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience for standing-by and welcome to the Duke Realty Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session; instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. Ron Hubbard. Please go ahead.
Ron Hubbard: Thank you, Mala. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Denny Oklak, Chairman and CEO; Jim Connor, Chief Operating Officer; and Mark Denien, Chief Financial Officer. Before we make our prepared remarks, let me remind you that statements we make today are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. For more information about those risk factors, we would refer you to our December 31, 2013 10-K that we have on file with the SEC. Now for prepared statement, Ill turn it over to Denny Oklak.
Denny Oklak: Thank you Ron, good afternoon everyone. Today I will highlight some of our key accomplishments for the quarter and then Jim Connor will give you an update on our leasing and development activity. Ill review our asset recycling transactions and Mark will then address our third quarter financial performance and balance sheet. I have to say that the third quarter of 2014 was one of Duke Realtys best quarters ever. Our operating fundamentals were at near record levels. We placed in service over 3.6 million square feet of new developments which were 98% leased and have an 8.6% GAAP yield. We continued our asset recycling by selling a $175 million of mostly suburban office assets at a 6.2% in place cap rate creating significant value for the company. Im very proud of the teams we have in place throughout organization and their ability to execute the real estate transactions and operations as well as or better than anyone in the business. Specifically, we signed 5.9 million square feet of leases and finished the quarter at 95.4% in service occupancy rate, our highest level since 1995. Rent on renewal leases for the quarter accelerated to 9%, up from the 7.5% to 8% level of the first two quarters. This performance reflects tightening fundamentals and the quality of our modern bulk industrial portfolio. We also started $100 million of new development projects at solid yields, bringing our total starts year-to-date to $419 million. Now, Ill turn it over to Jim Connor to give a little more color on our operations.
Jim Connor: Thanks, Denny. Good afternoon, everybody. From an operational standpoint, we had a strong quarter of leasing at 5.9 million square feet, as Denny noted. Our tenant retention was a little over 58% because in this tight industrial market were able to opportunistically upgrade the quality of our tenants and the economic terms of the leases in place by bringing some new tenants thats indicated in the overall improvement in our occupancy during the quarter. Now, let me touch on some of the key activity within each of our product types. With respect to our industrial portfolio, we continue to see fundamentals improve with completion of 5.1 million square feet of total leasing. In-service occupancy in the bulk industrial portfolio was 96.6%, 200 basis points higher than a year ago and an all time high for us. In addition to the exceptional leasing execution by our team, we continue to capture rental rate growth, which is a key focus of company right now. With growth on industrial lease renewals of 9.2% for the quarter, the highest growth rate in 12 years. We are seeing broad strake in industrial leasing across all our markets. As an example, our Indianapolis portfolio best in class modern bulk industrial product continues to benefit from strong demand from regional and national companies that are modernizing supply chains, as well as the e-commerce players choosing Indi as a primary distribution location. Our 19.4 million square foot Indianapolis portfolio is 99.7% occupied with only 60,000 square feet of available space in service buildings. The Indianapolis market wide industrial vacancy is just over 5%. Our Indianapolis portfolio has realized average net effective rent growth of 12% year-to-date, up from the mid single-digit level last year. Some other notable new leases signed during the quarter that drove occupancy higher were in Savannah where we signed two new leases totaling 1.2 million square feet with Home Depot national distribution centers. We also executed a new lease for 446,000 square feet at Nashville with B&G Foods North America and a new lease for 216,000 square feet with UPS Supply Chain Logistics in central New Jersey. On the lease renewal side, we also executed a 414,000 square foot lease with General Motors in Cincinnati. We are 95.5% leased or better in 18 of our primary 22 markets with six of our markets at 100% occupancy, which positions our portfolio in the sweet spot to continue to push rents and reduce concessions. Now turning to the medical office, the portfolio continues to perform well with an in-service occupancy level of 93.9% and the same property NOI up nearly 6% on the trailing 12 month basis driven by a combination of occupancy increases, rent growth and operating efficiencies. The suburban office market continues to improve with our in-service occupancy up 30 basis points over the prior quarter after excluding the effect of dispositions and a partially leased development project that was placed in service. Our team had an exceptional quarter leasing with nearly 700,000 square feet of leases with notable activity in St. Louis market where we signed 12 leases totaling 244,000 square feet which improved occupancy 80 basis points in that market. We have also signed an additional 60,000 square foot new lease in the St. Louis market in early October. Turning to development, we had a $100 million of development starts in three projects in the third quarter, totaling 1.1 million square feet expected to generate a 6.8% weighted average initial stabilized yield. Two industrial developments commenced, the first was a 150,000 square foot build to suit industrial project on our land in the Gateway North Center in Minneapolis with Blue Dart Corporation. This is our third build to suit in the Gateway North Business Park in the last 10 months which is another testament to our development expertise and our strategic land holdings. I would also point out that as of today were now 100% leased in Minneapolis. The second industrial development is a 783,000 square feet speculative project we started in Southern California. The project is located in the Inland Empire, a market has absorbed over 25 million square feet of space year-to-date according CBRE, a pace that is slightly ahead of last year, while vacancy has dropped to mid 4% range down from the low 5% from the area a year ago. Finally, Ill note that our 5 million square foot industrial portfolio in California, were currently 97% leased and believe it is the opportunity time to start speculative development in that market. On the suburban office side, we started another project in Raleigh in our Perimeter Park development. Perimeter 4 is a six storey 192,000 square foot Class A office building. As many of you know, we owned prime land at in Raleigh adjacent to the Research Triangle Park and the Raleigh International Airport and are benefiting from an economic boom in the region with single-digit office vacancy rates and markets rents up 3% year-over-year. The current project is 71% pre-leased to ChannelAdvisor Corporation, with a promising list of prospects to fill the remaining space. Many of you will remember that in 2013, we started two similar projects in the same park in Raleigh. Im pleased to note that both those project were delivered on time and have been leasing ahead of budget currently at a combined 85% level. The two delivered projects are on target to achieve projected stabilized yields in the mid 9% range. From an overall development pipeline perspective, at quarter end we have 24% projects under construction totaling 8.3 million square feet and a projected a 627 million in stabilized cost at our share, that are 59% preleased in the aggregate. This pre-leased percentage is down a bit from previous quarters due in fact as Denny said, this quarter we placed 3.6 million square feet of developments in service that were 98% leased in aggregate. Our current pipeline has an initial cash stabilized yield of 7.1% and a GAAP yield of 7.7%, once again highlighting the tremendous value creation being executed by our team and the value of our strategic land holdings. Now Ill turn it back over to Denny to cover some of our asset recycling activities.
Denny Oklak: Thanks Jim. With respect to investment activity, we had a $175 million of primarily suburban office dispositions during the quarter across three transactions. As we alluded to in the last call, weve been focused on selling suburban in the Midwest as well as taking advantage of good market pricing to sell a few select assets in the Southeast. As many of may have seen in the news, we closed on the sale of the Royal Palm buildings in Broward County, Florida. These two buildings encompassed 466,000 square feet and were sold for $275 per square foot. We acquired this complex in 2010 and had a gross investment basis of about $245 per square foot, which represents excellent value creation for shareholders. The second disposition transaction we closed in the Southeast was Millenia Lakes in Orlando. This was a three building complex held in joint venture and included a 12 acre parcel of land as well. The office complex was sold for about a $193 per square foot with total net proceeds to us of $40 million, which represented nearly 25% gain over the gross basis. Finally, we sold an 11-building 2.1 million square foot non-strategic industrial portfolio in Indianapolis, also held in joint venture where we had a 10% ownership interest. Our share of the sale proceeds for this disposition was $7.4 million. On the land side, we sold 9 million of non-strategic parcels during the quarter. In addition, Ill note that combining land sales with development projects and in land year-to-date weve monetized 470 acres or about $84 million of land. Now let me share and update about additional dispositions. Weve alluded to on previous calls and some that are in the news. First, we have about 10 other transactions, mainly suburban office properties and our two remaining retail centers that are in the market or under contract. We expect to close these in the fourth quarter. So a few may spillover into the first quarter. All of these transactions are part of our 2014 disposition guidance. There are two other larger deals recently offered to the market that have been in the real estate news. The first is an industrial portfolio comprised of 56 non-strategic building, 5.9 million square feet for an average of about 100,000 square feet per building. The portfolio is currently 91.7% occupied and the buildings are on average 23 years old. This industrial portfolio is located in primarily Midwest cities. With the recent compression in cap rates weve seen for this type of industrial assets, we believe this is another great value creation opportunity. Timing wise, we expect bids on the portfolio in about a month and would expect to close early next year. This package is not part of our 2014 guidance. The second large package recently put out on the market and in the news is a nine building 1 million square foot 90% occupied suburban office portfolio located in Saint Louise and two office parks known as [Medical] Center and Woods Mill. We expect the timing of this sale to be in late first quarter of next year and also these are not part of our 2014 disposition guidance. To summarize our asset transactions, we continue to take advantage of a favorable window in the real estate and capital market cycles to maximize proceeds in suburban office and other non-strategic assets and allocate capital primarily into value creating development activities or further deleveraging actions. Ill now turn the call over to Mark to discuss our financial results and capital plans.
Mark Denien:  Thanks, Denny. Good afternoon, everyone. As Denny mentioned, I would like to provide an update on our financial performance, as well as an overview of our capital transactions. Core FFO was $0.30 per share for the third quarter represented by strong operational performance, delivery of developments and offset a bit from dispositions. Same property NOI growth for the 12 and 3 months ended September 30th was 3.8% and 6.0% respectively. The quarterly number is higher than expected due to exceptionally strong leasing activity, rental rate growth across all product types and extremely low bad debt expense for the quarter. As Denny noted, our growth in average net effective rental renewals was 9.0% for the third quarter and is 8.0% year-to-date. This growth in net effective rent was driven primarily by rent growth in our industrial portfolio where were optimistic about our ability to continue to push rental rates. We generated $0.26 per share in AFFO, which equates to a dividend payout ratio of 65% compared to $0.25 per share in the second quarter. We expect there will be an uptick in second generation CapEx during the fourth quarter related to our recent leasing activity, which is reflected our revised annual AFFO guidance of $0.95 to $0.97 per share. As we continue to improve our overall operations and have a higher percentage of our income come from high quality lower CapEx old properties, were producing a consistent growth in AFFO and driving down our already conservative AFFO payout ratio. As we previously mentioned on last quarters call, we issued 3.1 million common shares through our ATM program in July raising total proceeds of $55 million. These were issued at an average price of $18.09 per share. Later in the third quarter we raised an additional $10 million of proceeds through the ATM program at an average price of $18.58 per share. Building and land sales generated a $185 million of proceeds during the quarter, a portion of these proceeds were used to redeem our $96 million and 6.625% Series J preferred shares, which will resulted in over a $6 million annualized reduction in preferred dividends. All of these capital transactions coupled with our operational performance resulted in a continued trend of improvement in our key financial metrics. We reported a fixed charge coverage ratio of 2.4 times for the rolling 12 months ended September 30th compared to 2.0 times we reported for the year prior. For just the third quarter, fixed charge coverage is now up to 2.5 times. Net debt plus preferred to EBITDA for the rolling 12 months ended September30, 2014 was 7.2 times compared to the 7.4 times we reported last quarter and 8.3 times we reported for the rolling 12 months ended September 30, 2013. When looking at this metric for just the current quarter, it improved to 7.1 times. Also during the quarter, we closed on a renewal of our unsecured revolving credit facility increasing the potential maximum facility size from $850 million to $1.2 billion at a 20 basis point reduction in rate and extended the term to January of 2019. We are in an excellent liquidity position and our leverage metrics continue to improve. We are very well-positioned to continue bolstering the balance sheet, fund our development pipeline and address our next significant debt maturity in February 2015. I will conclude by saying that Im very happy to report an another strong quarter. And with that, Ill turn it back over to Denny.
Denny Oklak: Thanks Mark. As a result of this outstanding performance, we are pleased that yesterday we were able to raise the low-end of our guidance for FFO per share by $0.02 narrowing our 2014 range to $1.17 to $1.19 per share and raising the midpoint by $0.01. Similarly, as Mark said, we raised our guidance for AFFO per share by $0.01, narrowing our 2014 range to $0.95 to $0.97 per share. We also range same-property guidance from a range of 2% to 4% up to a range of 3.75% to 4.5%. In closing, we are pleased with our teams outstanding operational performance and allocation of capital year-to-date and expect the solid finish to the year. We believe dispositions currently in the market will continue our asset recycling into primarily high quality development projects, continue to increase overall quality and stability of year-over-year growth of cash flow per share. With that, well now open it up for questions. And we ask to participants to keep the dialog to one question or perhaps two very short questions. You are of course welcome to get back in the queue. Thanks. Go ahead.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question well go to the line of Jaime Feldman. Please go ahead.
Jamie Feldman - Bank of America - Merrill Lynch: Hey, thank you and good afternoon. Just I guess its a quarter later, can you guys just give a sense of which markets this quarter you sense are still taking up that maybe werent quite as strong last quarter? And then which you think you are starting to get more concerned about supply or maybe just slowing down on the demand side?
Denny Oklak: Sure Jamie. I think no matter whos numbers you use, across the country youre seeing great activity, great net absorption. I think, you started to see some numbers in -- Ill just kind of work my way around the country. Atlanta and Chicago and Pennsylvania all had good quarters of net absorption. Those markets are all in very good balance. Going down south, Houston had another good quarter. Their pipeline of spec development continues to be well leased. Dallas as we have talked about, increased the amount of spec space a little bit. So I think thats weve got our eye on that market. Southern California just continues to perform at a huge level as I reiterated earlier. They had another I think approaching 6 million square feet of net absorption in the third quarter. I dont t think if missed any. Its some of the secondary markets. Cincinnati had a great quarter, some of the Florida market, South Florida had another great quarter of leasing there. So those are kind of really the highlights going around the system. Dallas is probably the only one that were watching a little bit. Some people have referred to Indianapolis but as I alluded to in the call, our Indianapolis portfolio is performing so well. We chose to build some additional product down there just to have some expansions base for our existing tenant base. So we feel pretty good about that market. And I think thats really the highlight.
Jamie Feldman - Bank of America - Merrill Lynch: And just a follow-up. As you think about some of these secondary markets that are starting to pick up, is it the same types of demand, is it ecommerce, is it supply chain or is there something different happening in those markets?
Denny Oklak: Well, I think the big ecommerce is primarily the Tier 1 markets. You are seeing some of the infill leasing for some of the e-commerce guys and some of the secondary, tertiary markets, but the big notable million square feet deals that our favorite retail and ecommerce companies are primarily in the Tier 1 markets. You just, youre seeing good activity across all sectors in the industrial pipeline. So, I think e-commerce continues to be a big part of the performance but you cannot credit it solely to e-commerce like you probably would have maybe two or three years ago. I think youve got just the macro economy thats pretty much hitting on all cylinders from the industrial perspective.
Operator: Thank you. Next, well go to line of Vance Edelson. Please go ahead.
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley: Terrific, thanks. So, just on selling the 11 industrial buildings in Minneapolis, its a market you described as very robust and its benefiting from the e-commerce. Could you share a little more on what the JVs rational was for pulling out of those assets?
Denny Oklak: Sure Vance. That is the JV that we formed back before we went public back in 1992. So, as we said in prepared remarks, we only owned 10% of that and the rest of it is owned by institutional investor. And obviously a 22 year run which is tremendous run for them on those assets and they just decided to -- that they were ready to sell and move onto something else. So as since the [vector] was in place for 22 years, those assets were getting older in nature and so they wanted to sell. And again I think the results from that disposition were extremely favorable and were seeing that in the markets really I would say across the board today. 
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley: Did you have an opportunity to buy them but theyre older assets, so you didnt want them?
Denny Oklak: Yes, we could have bought them, but yes thats right. You know that our philosophy is that with the new larger modern bulk product and thats what were really focused on, on the development and has been on the acquisition side.
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then
Mark Denien: Youre less than 200,000 for the building and your average age is well over 25 years.
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley: Okay. That make sense. And then with valuations on the office side continuing to move up, would you consider more non-core dispositions than you would have earlier in the year or perhaps even placing on the market what you want to consider to be more core if the price looks good?
Denny Oklak: Well, I think we have sold some core what we would call core office product in the Southeast. Earlier this year we had the joint venture with 3630 in Atlanta then selling the Royal Palm buildings and Millenia buildings, those were all excellent core assets in I would call it core office market. So, yes, we were happy to do that when we think the timing is right. And then as we said, weve got a big portfolio of suburban office assets in St. Louis thats now in the market plus some other miscellaneous office product in various markets. So, we think the pricing is good right now and thats what were experiencing. So well continue to prune that portfolio.
Operator: Next well go to Kevin Baron. Your line is open.
Kevin Baron - Citi: Hi. Good afternoon. Denny, you kind of talked about already to mark that portfolio thats available in St. Louis I guess for marketing. Could you just talk a little bit more about the strategy with the Midwest suburban office and the marketplace Cincinnati and St. Louis those assets are running in the low 80s for occupancy. And the sales that youve completed in the past quarters have been more stabilized assets. So maybe just speak about how much lease up is needed just to generate that investor interest. And then maybe just talk about the pricing trends that youre kind of seeing within those particular markets?
Denny Oklak: Well, let me start with the St. Louis. As weve said on the call, as Jim said that market is I would call it on fire for suburban office when you compare to what weve seen for a long, long time. And so, one of the projects that I mentioned on the call was around in the script was Woods Mill. Woods Mill is a two office building portfolio weve owned for probably 10 years and its now 100% leased. And so there is some other product there that is also moving up and at a very high occupancy. So, we are looking at marketing those as we get those leased up. And that again somewhat why our remaining occupancy always looks a little bit low because we continue to have good leasing success and then we mark those assets for sale. The similar story I would say over in Cincinnati, but probably not the level of leasing activity that weve seen in St. Louis at this point in time. So, we continue again earlier this year, we sold about $150 million package in Cincinnati and we continue to look at other opportunities to sell some of those assets also.
Kevin Baron - Citi: Okay. And then just one follow-up. If you look at the development page in the supplemental, the developed margins declined from 21% last quarter to 18% if you kind of look at the midpoint of the projected value creation. So, another deliveries starts in the quarter impact your numbers. But can you just walk us through what is pressuring those margins; is it new land costs or construction costs and then maybe how we should think about that over the next 12 months or so?
Mark Denien: Kevin, this is Mark. Ill start with that and Ill let Denny or Jim chime in on whats left in that portfolio. But part of whats driving the decrease in the margin is the product mix. Weve placed in service this quarter a couple of our office projects down in [Riley] that Denny or Jim mentioned. Were in the mid 9.5% yield range with still obviously the margin on those projects on office site. We were getting better margins in the industrial that were left with. So, the development pipeline that sits here today is much more heavily weighted towards the industrial product than it was the office a quarter ago. And then as it comes specifically to the margin on the industrial, Jim, I dont know if you had anything.
Jim Connor: Yes. And the only other comment, I think youll continue to see that number fluctuate a little bit depending on how much of the volume is in our newer markets. So for example, the Southern California is a market weve really just geared up to start the development in. We acquired that piece of property last quarter to be able to put it in service. So, the yields there are not going to be as good as our mature markets where weve owned strategic land for a number of years on a really good basis. And I think 18% is still pretty good.
Kevin Baron - Citi: All right. Okay, thanks guys.
Operator:  And next well go to line of Brendan Maiorana. Please go ahead.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks. Good afternoon. Looking at your leased rate, its very high. I think its about as high as its been. But if I look at the occupancy rate as you disclosed it on page 16, there is a pretty healthy spread between leased and average commenced occupancy. And thats a stat that you guys have only offered more recently, but its 350 basis points wide across the overall portfolio, its 370 basis points just in the bulk side. How should we think about what a normalized spread leased versus occupied should be and what does that mean for occupancy trends as we think about it over the next few quarters?
Mark Denien: Yes, Brendan, Ill see if I can try to answer part of that. That 350 basis-point spread was certainly wider than we have historically run out. Weve been more in the 150 to 225 basis-point spread I would say, so the 350 is definitely wider. A couple of things I would point out. If that spread is not that wide in our same property pool, if you look at the same property page in the supplemental, its the commencement occupancy is closer to the 95% range. So the spread on that pool is more like a 150 to 175 basis-point which is what weve been traditionally running at. What were dealing with is only about 75% of our NOI right now is in our same property pool, because as were going through this dispositioning phase, were selling older assets and were replacing it with a new development pipeline that takes 24 months before it makes its way in same store. So about 25% of our total NOI is not in the same property pool yet and thats where were really seeing significant NOI growth. And I think that that 350 basis-point spread will translate into additional NOI increases as we get through the next several quarters; it just may not all show up in the same property pool. 
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And Mark just related to that, your occupancy guidance I think suggests that a modest dip in the fourth quarter; is there anything specific or just thats just kind of natural expirations?
Mark Denien: Yes, Brandon our occupancy guidance is an average, not an endpoint. And if you look at it on average, what it really would suggest it will be right around a very top in the guidance. And because we were within that range, we just decided not to update the guidance.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay.
Mark Denien: So, if there was any dip at all I would say it would be very, very modest.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And just real quick one, you have $250 million of debt with February maturity and high rates, 738. So, I think can you pay that off three months early and if so, what would be likely rate if you were to go to the market today?
Mark Denien: Yes, were probably looking at 4%, maybe just under 4% for 10 year money give or take right now. We could not pay it off early without a fairly substantial make whole premium. And were looking -- as Denny mentioned, we have a lot of dispositions in the pipeline, we do like the debt rates we have right now, but were just trying to right now Brendan balance out the disposition proceed with the maturities we have coming at us. There is a lot of different ways we can take care of that February maturity, but needless to say that all pretty attractive relative to the rate we have on that debt. 
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And next, well go to line of Eric Frankel. Please go ahead. 
Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors: Thank you very much. Just hoping you can maybe just explain operating expenses; they seem to be at a pretty low rate this quarter, especially about that some of your peers have reported some higher operating expenses just I was, I want to get an explanation whether its a one-time thing or you expect operating expenses to ramp up over the next year or so?
Denny Oklak: Yes Eric, I guess to be honest with you, it didnt really pop out to me or us that they were that extremely low. Operation, we have pretty good quarter overall, but just trying to think here, not been stuck. We obviously had very high operating expenses in the first quarter with weather related issues. I guess in a lot of our cities, the first quarter and the third quarter is really the highest quarter of operating expenses we have because of weather conditions either cold or hot. And we have a pretty mild summer, so that maybe a part of the driver. So Ill have to look into that and get back to you again.
Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors: Okay. Just my follow-up question regarding the leasing spread. So, Jim you commented youre able to -- a little bit higher quality rental. Could you comment on leasing spreads for those new tenants are in place?
Jim Connor: Well, weve certainly -- thats been a lot of time talking about this in the last few quarters. We continue to monitor very closely the number and percentage of leases in the portfolio that were done in the trough period that 2009 to 2011 period. And were generally working out on the renewal side, the next two to three quarters. So, the next 18 months we still got about 50% of the portfolio rolling, 50% of the square footage that is rolling in the next 18 months is from that trough period. So, we were seeing very good opportunity to push rents there. The other place were pushing back is concessions are down and lease terms are up. Because our occupancies are so high, weve got certain tenants that we want to renew for shorter periods of time that weve got limited opportunity to push the rents and extend the terms out. So thats what were trying to take advantage of that. So thats the first piece of its is, the trough rents. And the other piece of it is just a result of the high occupancy. When most of our operating units are above 95.5%, they can dictate some pretty good terms. So weve been pushing a lot on not only the rental rates, but also the annual increases. And were pretty consistently getting 2.5% increases now on our industrial annual escalations, which has been a pretty healthy improvement over the years gone by.
Denny Oklak: And Eric, as you know weve not historically tracked new leasing spreads and a lot of that weve talked about has been because as we were more predominantly office, it was really hard to measure one lease to the other because the type of build out and space was actually different since lot heard on the office side than the industrial. But were trying to track that data now on the industrial side. And I would tell you that the spread on our new leases on the industrial is maybe 100 basis points lower than the renewal spread, but theyre very much in some ballpark on the industrial side.
Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Next well go to line of Dave Rodgers. Please go ahead.
Dave Rodgers - Robert W. Baird: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Maybe Jim to start with you. On the development side, I think you need $80 million to $180 million of development starts in the fourth quarter to hit your guidance. I assume you have good visibility on that. And thats not going to be an issue. But I guess Id love to know what youre thinking in terms of kind of the runway for development kind of the total pipeline as you think without giving guidance for 2015. But how does that build the two pipeline look and any kind of timing issues where wed see a slowdown or could see a pick-up in the development activity overall?
Jim Connor: Well Dave, Im going to have to choose my words very carefully because Ive got three guys in the room looking at me now. I would tell you and I think everybody would have the same sense as you look at where we are in 2014 and what we need to achieve to hit hard, the midpoint of our guidance, I would tell you I think we all feel very good about that. As you look at the U.S. industrial market, youll look at the improving office market; youll look at the healthcare business all of which contribute to our new development pipeline. I would tell you we have the same sense of confidence for 2015 that were currently enjoying. So, I think were reasonably optimistic.
Dave Rodgers - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then maybe on the medical office side, are you still seeing opportunities to do development in medical? And on the flip side, given the strength in cap rates and valuations of assets I mean is it maybe to think about maybe putting more of those out to market as well as you move into 2015?
Jim Connor: Well, to answer the first question, yes, were seeing a lot of additional opportunities. As the healthcare industry as a whole continues to go through an ambulation, were seeing a lot of off campus opportunities. Were picking and choosing those on a very limited basis. We like those that are in line with major systems and long-term lease components. We like those that tie into our existing core markets. So, were continuing to see those. On-campus opportunities probably not as strong as the off-campus opportunities in terms of just of the pure numbers. But I will tell you there are a lot of very big projects out there in the marketplace. So, we think the pipeline for the medical business is very strong for the fourth quarter and for going into 2015. In terms of spreads, the medical business is enjoying great cap rate compression just like the industrial business is. And we could monetize large pieces of that at anytime if we so chose. I think as weve demonstrated and consistently told you guys in the last quarter, wed much rather take advantage of the opportunity to reposition the portfolio through the sales of the suburban office properties because were getting real good cap rates there that historically we havent seen. The only thing you see ourselves would be pruning the portfolio, we prune the MLV portfolio late in 2013 with a few assets trickling in it early 2014. We really dont anticipate we need to do that. You will see that portfolio that Denny talked about earlier on the industrial side, again thats just kind of pruning the portfolio some older and some non-strategic assets for us. So, I think that will be the extent of it in those two product types.
Dave Rodgers - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And next well go to line of Ki Bin Kim. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks. Im not sure, if I missed this, but the two other larger deals that you said are out for sale and I realize you have closed yet. But did you talk about a dollar range for those assets on a cap rate range?
Denny Oklak: We didnt really talk about that. I guess I would -- and especially since were in the market right now, Id rather not talk about that. So, what I can say Ki Bin is that those are included in the guidance as we said in the call that there -- actually two big ones are not included in our guidance. I mean there we dont anticipate either one of those to close till sometime probably in the first quarter of 2015. So, those would be included in our 2015 guidance when we give that.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Let me ask this in a different way. Are those assets for sale on par with average asset quality in those respective markets?
Denny Oklak: Yes, I guess I would say so. I mean once an industrial portfolio of smaller buildings, older buildings, so Id say as that kind of portfolio goes, this is a pretty good one. And then the suburban office assets are in St. Louis and those would be typical good parts in suburban St. Louis, yes.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And just the last question from me and someone -- I know you alluded to it little bit Mark on your lease spread about -- regarding new lease spreads that which you historically havent going in [your term out]. If I look at the rent, just the average net effective rent for what you find in both industrial and office in 2013 and three quarters in 2014, it seems like in every quarter, the net effective rent just broadly speaking is lower in new leases than they are for the new leases signed -- sorry, for renewal leases. So it just makes me wonder that is it just lower quality type of assets that are under a new lease bucket or what cause net effective of rent to be consistently lower?
Mark Denien: Thats just purely a factor of the market Ki Bin. I mean you got our industrial leases range anywhere from call it high $2 to $6.5 a foot, depending on what market youre in and exactly what type of industrial building it is. So its really just product mix even within the industrial portfolio and locations driving that? We look at the overall deal quality of all of our deals which we take the total CapEx and concessions to get a deal done by the total rent were going to collect over the life and I would tell you that the overall deal quality on all those deals are better and better every quarter.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Thats it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next well go to Michael Salinsky. Your line is open. 
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Hi guys. Just given the significant disposition activity you had year-to-date. Any consequences there from a dividend standpoint that would fortunately kind of push some of that into 15, it will require special dividend or 1031?
Mark Denien: No Mike, we should be good to go there. The acquisitions that we have done this year, we pretty much did all 1031 deals with that already. So that mitigated whatever exposure we may have had. So we should have a bit of room before we bump up against any kind of special dividend issues.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thats helpful. And just as my follow-up. As you think about the leverage for the company, I mean when you were walking to the plan and deleveraging over last few years, you had a very stated target. Can you give us a sense kind of what target leverage for Duke we should expect going forward with kind of the range now as you made significant progress year-to-date you seem to be on a course for next year?
Denny Oklak: Yes. Always really kind of laid out here right now, Mike is to get that fixed charge up about 2.5% to get that plus preferred to EBITDA down below 7.0% and keep that debt plus preferred to gross asset number in that 48% range through the year-end 14. And now whats really going to drive that are the dispositions that weve talked about. And how quickly they come in and how we utilize the proceeds from that I guess is what I would say. So, as we give 2015 guidance at January, I think well have a better view on what our net disposition level will be and uses of those proceeds and at that time I think well be in a better position to get some more concrete guidance on where were headed towards the leverage. But needless to say, it will be an improvement of where we are today.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets:  Thank you very much. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We do have a follow-up from Kevin Baron. Please go ahead.
Kevin Baron - Citi: Yes. Mark and Denny I appreciate you dont want to negotiate against yourself I mean back to sales, but maybe you can just share with us just the annualized NOI of each portfolios and then we can apply whatever cap rate we want in terms of determining value?
Denny Oklak: Well, I certainly would if I had any idea what they were sitting here today. So, on the industrial portfolio, Mark you said its about 21 million?
Mark Denien: Yes, its in the low 20.
Denny Oklak: And again I dont really know what the office side is. But let me I guess I mean I think basically if you put these two together, were targeting lets say $425 million to $450 million range between those two portfolios something like that.
Kevin Baron - Citi: Okay. And then as we think about the same-store growth in the quarter, up 6, rents up 5, expenses up 3.3. Was there anything either in this quarter or in 3Q of 13 that would have changed that number relative to what youve been doing year-to-date closer to 4?
Denny Oklak: Yes Michael, I would say that I think I commented briefly on bad debt expense that was probably about 1% of the 6% right there. Not to say that the prior years quarter had high bad debt expense, but this quarter was virtually non-existed. So that change right there was probably about 1% of the 6%. The rest of it was the combination of occupancy and rental rate growth. I would tell you that as you look forward and I forget if there was Kevin or Brandon or who has brought up the spread between our leasing rate and our occupied rate, but most of that spread is not in a our same property portfolio. Our same property portfolio is now got a pretty high commencement level. So, as you look forward, its probably not going to have quite the same occupancy growth going forward, but we did have very good occupancy growth this quarter over last year. So, some 1% of that was kind of bad debt anomaly.
Kevin Baron - Citi: Okay. And then just going back to the value creation in the development pipeline and I know 18% margins at all, which is still high. But as you think about the spread to what youre developing to and what youre evaluating the math. If you look at this quarter, youre about a 110 basis points spread, last quarter you were a 130. In this quarter you dropped your applied cap rate now. I think I heard Mark talk about mixed shift in terms of the stuff at KML, which would have dropped the pipeline expected deal from 7.4 and 7.1. How much of it was reevaluation on the value of those assets that you have in there to drop the applied cap rate for value creation from 6.1% down to 6%.
Denny Oklak: None of it Michael. The way we do that calculation we lock in our estimated cap rate the day we start the building. So, the way we look at it right, wrong arent different is once you go forward than that from that point on its a passage of time or its leasing activity. So the day we believe we create the value, the day we start the building. So we lock in the estimated market cap rate on that day that we will adjust our yields as we lease up faster or slower than what we had, but the cap rates locked in. So, none of that was due to your question, it was due to like you havent confirmed that. 
Kevin Baron - Citi: Okay. Thats helpful.
Denny Oklak: And again Mike, I would say its really, it is product mix generally and that can vary on the industrial side, for example market to market though. You kind of spread; you are going to get maybe more in one market versus another. So, its just whats in that pipeline, its a way that around.
Kevin Baron - Citi: Okay. And just last one I just want to ask one more just on the medical office and I know weve had this discussion overtime just in terms of that piece and I know you provided a lot of good opportunities for development and you have a pretty good franchise that what you have been able to build up going back when you number of years ago. As I think about how you have transformed the portfolio, you think about these other portfolios youre putting on the market going deeper into the company and pulling out some industrial office, pulling out more suburban office. I guess, do you step back strategically and sort of say hey, in a couple of years the first line of this press release not read Duke Realty Corporation a leading industrial suburban office and medical office property REIT, it will just be Duke Realty a leading industrially REIT. And do you think about a more strategic larger scale exit to get value for the platform youve created in the medical office and you get paid for the value creation in future projects or you just become a more pure play industrial company?
Denny Oklak: Well Michael, I think, if you look back historically over the last four, five years, weve certainly gone that direction. I mean we were 35% industrial five years ago, were now pushing 65%. But I think what the way we look at it is, were now in a position that we really like the overall portfolio, we know we still have some assets and again as weve been saying primarily older Midwest suburban assets that we just dont really want own long-term. So were looking at more what dont, we want to own long-term right now. And the good news is we can take those proceeds from this dispositions and as we said we can put those into our development pipeline and really self fund our development and overall increasing the quality and the kind of assets that we own. And so we like doing that today, both with the bulk industrial and the medical office because we know were creating a lot of value there. And then just as far as -- and again if you look at the timing, I dont think there is, we havent seen a better time in quite a long time to sell these suburban office assets. So thats what were focused on. And then as far as pruning the portfolio as Jim mentioned, we did prune that MOB portfolio to the tune of about $0.25 billion about a year ago. And were doing the same thing now with this industrial package. So were just really trying to take advantage of things going on in the market to continue overall improved quality of portfolio.
Kevin Baron - Citi: Great, thanks for the color Denny.
Operator: We do have a follow up from Eric Frankel. Please go ahead. 
Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors: Thank you. Just to clarify, Mark. I guess I was more specifically wondering about [pass-through] on your operating expense line item. Just maybe you could provide a little bit of color what taxing authorities thinking of various markets in terms of reappraisals and where that can go in the next year or two especially with appreciating property prices everywhere?
Mark Denien: Okay, yes. Because I do some math Eric, and I wasnt noticing an overall big lift in operating expenses overall. So, I still cant answer your question. So, Ill have to take a look at that but I will tell you that obviously weve got an in-house property tax staff and theyre pretty good at staying on top of whats going on out there and doing fields where they need to be. So I will follow up on that and get back to you.
Denny Oklak:  But also on the industrial side Eric, theyre more like net leases. So those increase especially when youre at 96% leased on the industrial side, virtually all those increases pass-through. And I would say thats probably why our expenses are down a little bit because our occupancy is up. And so were passing more of that stuff through. Mark, can you explain it, but Im taking credit for it. How is that?
Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors: Fair enough, fair enough. And perhaps Jim, maybe to talk through leasing prospect for your spec developments and obviously thats been increasing a little bit over the last year, youve also been super successful with all the hit, but obviously you take a little bit more risk in the development pipeline, maybe you can touch upon the leasing activity?
Jim Connor: Yes Eric, I would tell you that were very optimistic that well have the opportunity to announce some new deals in our spec development when we report our fourth quarter numbers in mid January. I think the performance of our local teams is demonstrated. If you go back and just look at our historic track record, weve done over the last few years, 15 spec projects with the total value of $285 million. When we started them they were 23% pre-leased and theyre currently 95% pre-released. So, we have not been as aggressive on the spec side as some of our peers as shown in the percentage of our development pipeline that was pre-leased. But weve made really  were covering all our debt. So I would tell you that everything were seeing in the marketplace today we continue to believe we can execute on all those with the consistent kind of track record that weve been able to do in the last few years.
Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors: Okay, thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: We do have a follow-up from Jamie Feldman. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman - Bank of America:  Great thanks. Can you guys talk a little bit more about the depth of buyers for the assets you have in the market, leverage and private versus public. Just what are you seeing out there?
Denny Oklak: Well, weve got I think were all extremely pleased with the depth of buyers potentially that are out there. We have a single asset, just I'll give just a couple of examples that I think will give you some color. We have a single asset, office asset in St. Louis that we're finalizing the process on right now I'd say. And we had 12 offers on that building. Again a larger single asset in the [Clayton] sub market. And I would say 6 of the offers were very good and very competitive and very close. On that industrial portfolio, we had 20 CA signed in the first hour that our folks began marketing that one. So, the activity is very good and very strong. It's kind of a wide range of buyers, but I would say most of these are more of the private equity kind of buyers, some little bit more on the institutional side. Not I would say generally speaking, what we're selling it isn't public REITs that are looking at this product. So, seems to be deep pool of buyers. And quite honestly all these are being conducted without planning contingencies right now. But there is plenty of secured debt available for that even when number of buyers have unsecured lines that they can use for acquisitions today. So, the financing really isnt an issue right now.
Jamie Feldman - Bank of America: Do you share some kind of leverage, would you?
Denny Oklak: I don't know for sure and I think it quite varies from transaction to transaction, Jamie. But I think probably in the 60% give or take leverage range on most of these transactions today. And they are all pretty clear, Jamie, there is no doubt on any of these.
Jamie Feldman - Bank of America: All right, great. Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. Please continue.
Denny Oklak: Id like to thank everyone for joining the call today. I will look forward to see many of you at upcoming NAREIT meetings or at our Atlanta Property Tour on the late afternoon at NAREIT on November 6th. Also note that our fourth quarter and year-end call is tentatively scheduled on January 29th. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ronald Hubbard - President, Investor Relations Dennis Oklak - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Connor - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Mark Denien - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jamie Feldman - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kevin Varin - Citigroup Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Dave Rodgers - Robert W. Baird Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors Neil Malkin - RBC Capital Markets Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Operator: Welcome to the Duke Realty's second quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to our host Mr. Ron Hubbard. Please go ahead, sir.
Ronald Hubbard: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. And welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Denny Oklak, Chairman and CEO; Jim Connor, Chief Operating Officer; and Mark Denien, Chief Financial Officer. Before we make our prepared remarks, let me remind you that statements we make today are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. For more information about those risk factors, we would refer you to our December 31, 2013, 10-K that we have on file with the SEC. Now, for our prepared statement, I'll turn it over to Denny Oklak.
Dennis Oklak: Thank you, Ron. Good afternoon, everyone. Today I will highlight some of our key accomplishments for the quarter, and then Jim Connor will give you an update on our leasing activity and development activity. I'll review our asset recycling transactions, and Mark will then address our second quarter financial performance and balance sheet. By all account, the second quarter was a great success for Duke Realty, and I am very proud of our team for their accomplishments. We signed 9 million square feet of leases and finished the quarter at 94.5% in-service occupancy rate, our highest level since 1999. Rent on renewal leases for the quarter grew by 7.6%, a level consistent with the first quarter and reflective of strong supply demand fundamentals and solid pricing power. We started a $213 million of new development projects at solid yields, and we made significant progress on the disposition front with nearly $300 million closed in the second quarter, both exceeding our expectations as of mid-year. We also opportunistically issued common stock on our ATM program. We used the disposition and the ATM proceeds to redeem our Series J preferred shares into fund our increased development expectations for the full year. Mark will touch more on this later. Now, I'll turn it over to Jim Connor, to give a little more color on our leasing activity and development pipeline.
James Connor: Thanks, Denny, and good afternoon, everyone. From an operational standpoint, we had a very strong quarter with leasing of 9 million square feet, as Denny noted. Our total in-service occupancy ended up at 94.5%, that's up 50 basis points from the previous quarter. Our tenant retention was solid at about 68% and rental rate growth on renewals continues to improve across the portfolio with growth of 7.6%. We continue to be very focused on pushing rents throughout our portfolio and in particular on the industrial side. Now, let me touch on some of the key activity within each of our product types. With respect to our industrial portfolio, we continue to see fundamentals improve with completion of 7.8 million square feet of total leasing, including 1.9 million square feet of build-to-suit development, 680,000 square feet of leasing in our recently completed spec projects. In-service occupancy in the bulk industrial portfolio at the end of the quarter was 95.6%, that's 120 basis points higher than a year ago and a 15-year high for us. Compared to general market vacancy in our 22 markets, our in-service occupancy has outperformed in the competition by almost 250 basis points. As I noted, we signed two deals totaling nearly 680,000 square feet that fill the remaining space in two of our speculative projects. One in Chino, California and one in Indianapolis, Indiana that were both placed in service in 2013. Also contributing to growth in our industrial occupancy was a new 300,000 square foot lease that we signed with Amazon in the Atlanta market. And on the renewals side, we executed three notable industrial leases between 200,000 and 430,000 square feet with Georgia-Pacific, Home Depot and Coca-Cola in our Atlanta, Indianapolis and Dallas markets respectively. With the tightening of conditions across most of our markets and high occupancies in our own portfolio, we've been highly focused on capturing rent growth, as we've been saying now for the last few quarters. I am proud to note that our industrial rent growth accelerated to 9% during the second quarter, bringing our year-to-date average to 8.7%. Now, I'd like to turn to the medical office portfolio. We continue to have positive trajectory with our in-service occupancy increasing to 93.9%. That's a 120 basis points above a year ago and with weighted average remaining lease term of over 10 years. The suburban office market continues to show slight improvement across most of our markets. Rent growth is still relatively flat in most market, but concessions are on a downward trend. Our in-service office portfolio ended the quarter at 87.7% leased, which is down 40 basis points from the first quarter. This decrease is entirely attributable to our second quarter dispositions, which had an average occupancy of 93%. Now, I'll turn to the development side, where we had $213 million of starts across 10 projects in the second quarter that totaled 3.6 million square feet and expect to generate a 7.2% weighted average initial stabilized yield. We commenced three speculative projects this quarter, as we had alluded on previous calls regarding support coming speculative projects in 2014. With our recent signing, our 2.4 million square feet of speculative projects that we've started since 2009 and are now in service are 97% leased. We've done a great job covering all of our spec bets across all of our markets. The projects, in particular, we started a 144,000 square foot speculative project in Northern New Jersey in our Legacy Commerce Center. We started a 324,000 square foot speculative facility in Chicago down in the I-55 Corridor, which was a redevelopment site we acquired in late 2013. You should also note that Chicago industrial market has been 95%-plus leased for close to five years, and we've got a great leasing momentum down in the I-55 Corridor. The third project we started was a 937,000 square foot development within an existing joint venture at our AllPoints Midwest park in the Indianapolis Airport submarket. We are currently 99.3% leased on our entire 19.5 million square foot bulk industrial portfolio in Indianapolis. In addition to these three spec developments, we commenced construction on a 270,000 square foot facility that's 47% pre-leased in Dallas Airport submarket. Our Dallas portfolio is over 97% leased and our team has been generating excellent rent growth in renewals over the last year. We also executed six 100% pre-leased build-to-suit development projects in the second quarter. Four of these were bulk industrial as follows: one is 486,000 square feet on our own land in Minneapolis in the northwest submarket; a 305,000 square foot development in Columbus, Ohio, on our land at the Rickenbacker Global Logistics Park; a 757,000 square foot building in the northwest submarket of Chicago; and lastly a 240,000 square foot development in Houston, down near the Port of Houston. These industrial build-to-suit projects have terms ranging from 10 to 15 years. And lastly, the fifth build-to-suit project was a 54,000 square foot medical office expansion with TriHealth in Cincinnati. This represents the fifth development completed with TriHealth in the last seven years, which is really a reflection of our reputation as a trusted provider and advisor a facility needs in healthcare industry. Lastly, the sixth build-to-suit we started in the second quarter was a 112,000 square foot Class A office project for Interactive Intelligence on our land in the Woodland Corporate Park in Indianapolis. We simultaneously negotiated expansions and extensions of our leases with Interactive on two existing leases that totaled 272,000 square feet within that same park. From an overall development pipeline perspective, at quarter end we have 31 projects under construction, totaling 10.8 million square feet and a projected $722 million of stabilized cost at our share that is 76% pre-leased in aggregate. These projects have an initial cash stabilized yield of 7.4% and GAAP yield of 8.1%, again highlighting the tremendous value creation being executed by our teams and our strategic land holdings. Thank you. And now, I'll turn it back over to Denny to cover our recycling activities.
Dennis Oklak: Thanks, Jim. With respect to investment activity, we had $278 million of building dispositions during the quarter, consisting of five transactions. The two largest transactions were the sale of the 3630 Peachtree, our office building in Buckhead and an office portfolio in Cincinnati. We closed on the 3630 Peachtree Tower in Atlanta's Buckhead submarket, a deal that most of you probably saw in the news late last month. The deal sold for a Buckhead record $390 per square foot and our share of the proceeds was about $100 million. The project was 86% leased at closing. While this project went through some rough times during the downturn, including a large impairment charge, it ended up with a great result, as we fully recouped all of our invested capital and made a nice profit. The portfolio in Cincinnati was sold for $150 million or roughly $144 per square foot. The six office buildings making up this portfolio were on average 16 years old. The portfolio was 96% leased, but I will qualify that, saying that nearly 75% of the leases rolled in the next three-and-a-half years. On the land side, we sold $18 million of non-strategic parcels during the quarter. In addition, I'll note that combining land sales with development projects on our land year-to-date remonetized 350 acres or about $69 million of land. On the acquisition side, this quarter we closed on a 980,000 square foot modern bulk facility, located in Lehigh Valley region of Pennsylvania, and which was just completed for a purchase price of $73 million. We actually went under contract on a facility in a full commitment structure in the third quarter of 2013, just after the project commenced construction and after a pre-lease for 100% of this space was signed. Given the cap rate compression in this market, over the last nine months, we believe our acquisition cap rate was approximately 50 basis points below to date levels. As noted on the last few calls the acquisition market continues to be intensely competitive and given our very strong development pipeline and opportunities, we expect the acquisition activity for the remainder of this year to be low. I'll now turn over to Mark, to discuss the financial results and our capital plans.
Mark Denien: Thanks, Denny. Good afternoon, everyone. As Denny mentioned, I would like to provide an update on our financial performance as well as an overview of our capital transactions. Core FFO for the second quarter of 2014 was $0.30 per share compared to $0.28 per share in the first quarter of 2014, and $0.27 per share in the second quarter of 2013. Core FFO was up $0.02 per share from the first quarter of 2014, as a result of improved occupancy and the negative impact of the extreme winter weather conditions had on first quarter operating results. Carrying a higher base of operating properties through the second quarter also contributed to the improvement, as our Cincinnati office portfolio disposition did not close until the end of the quarter. Same property NOI growth for the 12 and three months ended June 30 was 3.5% and 4.6%, respectively. The 12 month number is reflective of current annual run rate, driven by increased occupancy and rental rates in all product types. The quarterly number is higher, primarily because of timing of certain items. As Jim noted, our growth in average net effective rental renewals was 7.6% and we are happy to say that this is the third consecutive quarter that we've been able to report increased quarter-over-quarter rental rate growth on renewals across all three product types. We are optimistic about our ability to continue to push rental rates. We generated $0.25 per share in AFFO, which equates to a dividend payout ratio of 68%. Although core FFO increased $0.02 per share from the first quarter, the increased capital expenditures that coincided with the second quarter's increased leasing volume, resulted in AFFO per share being equal to the $0.25 per share reported for the first quarter of 2014. On the balance sheet side. We finished the quarter with $60 million outstanding on our $850 million line of credit as compared to a $180 million outstanding at March 31. Building and land sales generated $297 million of proceeds during the quarter, which allowed us to reduced line of credit borrowings and overall leverage. We anticipate continued strong disposition activity for the last half of the year, which will allow us to fund development and minimize use of our line of credit. We also repaid four secured loans totaling $64 million during the second quarter. In the process, we unencumbered about $155 million of properties to enhance our financial flexibility and credit profile. During the second quarter and in early July, we issued 12.7 million common shares from net proceeds of $222 million. We are using the proceeds from ATM issuances as well as proceeds from property dispositions to fund our increased development pipeline in the recently announced redemption of our $96 million in Series J preferred shares that carry a coupon of 6.625%. The redemption of these preferred shares will result in over $6 million of the annualized reduction in preferred dividends. Our ATM shelf that we filed in the first part of 2013 has now been fully utilized. All of these capital transactions coupled with our operational performance resulted in noteworthy improvements for key financial metrics during the quarter. We reported a fixed charge coverage ratio of 2.3x for the rolling 12 months ended June 30 compared to 2.2x we reported last quarter, and 1.9x that we reported one year ago. For just the second quarter fixed charge coverage is now up to 2.4x. Net debt plus preferred EBITDA for the rolling 12 months ended June 30, 2014, was 7.4x compared to the 7.8x we reported last quarter, and 8.2x we reported for the rolling 12 months ended June 30, 2013. When looking at this metric for just the current quarter, it improved to 7.1x. We expect to see continued improvement in these financial metrics, as development projects continue to come online and as we realize the benefit of the redemption from the Series J preferred shares. We are in an excellent liquidity position and have no significant debt maturities until February of 2015. I will conclude by saying that we're very happy to have reported another strong quarter. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Denny.
Dennis Oklak: Thanks Mark. Yesterday, we raised and narrowed our guidance for FFO for 2014 to a range of $1.15 to $1.19 per share. This change is reflective of our overall strong start to the year across all aspects of our operations, and includes increased anticipated development starts, dispositions and overall leasing activity for the year, which are expected to be better than what was originally anticipated. As noted in yesterday's earnings release, additional detail on revisions to certain guidance factors can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. In closing, we're pleased with our teams outstanding operation performance and allocation of capital year-to-date, which should set the stage for solid future growth and benefit our stakeholders. So we'll now open up the lines to the audience, and we ask participants to keep the dialogue to one question or perhaps two very short questions. You are of course welcome to get back into the queue. Thank you. With that, we'll open it up.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we'll go to the line of Jamie Feldman.
Jamie Feldman - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I just want to get your latest thoughts on just supply in the warehouse market. How are you guys feeling this quarter? What are your thoughts on the markets that are the greatest risk and concern? And looks like you are ramping up your development pipeline even more. So how should we be thinking about that?
James Connor: I would tell you, much like last quarter, when we talked about some of the specific markets, there are really only a couple around the country that look a little uncertain at this point in time. Dallas has unfortunately got a lot of questions. Dallas had a huge year last year of net absorption between 16 million and 17 million square feet. They're off to a great first quarter, north of 6 million square feet of absorption. That slowed down a little bit in the second quarter. So I think there is a little bit of uncertainty there in the Dallas market. All of the other major industrial markets, Chicago, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Atlanta, even the Inland Empire has largest development pipeline areas. There is just a great deal of leasing and a great deal of positive absorption. So I wouldn't tell you outside of Dallas, we've got our eyes on any particular market right now.
Jamie Feldman - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then I guess as a follow-up to that on the demand side. What did you guys see in the quarter? Did you see continuation at the same level of demand? Is it picking up? I mean we certainly saw better GDP announced yesterday. What are you seeing recently?
James Connor: I would tell you that across the board, demand is up. We're just compiling our own internal study of all of the spec products in all of the different markets. But the spec that's out there in the second quarter, we're tracking about 18 million square feet of that absorbed. That's not true net absorption of the market. That's just of the spec base that was complete or under construction. Leading that would be the Inland Empire, north of 9 million square feet of absorption, so a big quarter. But a lot of good numbers across the board, so we still think the vast majority of the markets are in very good health and very much in balance.
Dennis Oklak: Well, Jamie, our 9 million square feet of leases that we saw in the second quarter was really our second highest quarter for the last two years. So momentum is certainly still out there, with wind at our back right now.
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of Michael Bilerman.
Kevin Varin - Citigroup: This is Kevin Varin with Michael. How should we think about development spreads going forward, just based on the new starts and guidance? You mentioned in your opening remarks that yields on the new projects were 7.1% which is down from the overall pipeline. So are the spreads starting to tighten to acquisition cap rates, given either increased development competition or maybe higher construction costs?
James Connor: I would tell you that it is a competitive market out there. And there is a lot of local developers that are in the markets. There is no shortage of capital. So that's one piece of it. We've seen construction price still up. I think we covered this on the last call. We have not seen significant increases that some of our peers had pointed out, which we think is probably because we have our own construction company, so we have a little bit better handle on managing the cost there. So while we've seen a little bit of compression on the yields. As long as we're doing stabilized yields north of 7 with overall yields north of 8, given where cap rates are, there is just huge value creation.
Mark Denien: I would add to that too. The product mix has a little bit to do with the decrease in our yields this quarter, because a higher percentage of our development starts this quarter was on the industrial side, whereas in the prior couple of quarters we had a little bit more office and medical office in that number. So I agree with what Jim said. The overall quality of the yields is still really there holding up.
James Connor: Yes. I think if you were to look at where yields have come down slightly, I have seen substantially more cap rate compression in last two quarters. So I can make a compelling case in spreads that that probably increased slightly as opposed to going down.
Kevin Varin - Citigroup: And then just one follow-up question is, I just wanted to see if you had more clarity on what the new incremental sales are in terms of what asset types you're looking in the market out there? And then also how we should think about timing as well?
James Connor: Well, Kevin, it really hasn't changed much for us. We're still focused on selling, primarily again the Midwest suburban office assets with a couple of selective suburban office assets in the Southeast, like we did with 3630, we think there is just some very opportunistic sales we can do right now. And then in the second half of the year, I mean you'll also see us selling couple of, I mean, just a little bit of remaining retail that we have left, which is something we've been planning on teeing up here for a while. The only other thing I would add is, you might see a bit of selective pruning of the industrial portfolio also in the second half of the year. And this will mainly be, I would say, the older, smaller, lower, clear height type product that we have in a few of our markets. The pricing on that out there seems very good right now. So I think we'll selectively prune some of that. As far as timing goes, we closed quite a bit right near the end of June, things that we've been working on for a while, including those two office dispositions. So the pipeline, I will tell you, is sort of getting geared back up right now. So I would tell you likely the dispositions will be later in the third quarter and then throughout the fourth quarter.
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of Vance Edelson.
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley: On the industrial side, the development projects range in size from under 100,000 to more than 1 million square feet and just about every size in between. So presumably you get a good feel for where the build-to-suit and other demand is coming from. So can you share with us your thoughts on which size category you're seeing the most active demand? And how that shapes your speculative build plans going forward or is it pretty much across the board regardless of size?
James Connor: Well, I would tell you that build-to-suit activity as leasing activity is pretty strong across all segments. The one probable clarification I would make, there are fewer large buildings available in the inventory, either spec, second generation, out there today. So the tenants that need 500,000 square foot or greater, more of those have to consider build-to-suit and perhaps say a 100,000 foot prospect that was in the market. But as you stated in the question, we're seeing activity all over the board.
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley: And then, as my quick follow-up. On the industrial leases expiring say over the next 12 to 18 months, could you give us an updated feel for the portion that were signed during the recession and what the potential price roles might look like on those?
Dennis Oklak: Vance, it's quite similar to what's been rolling in the last couple of quarters. We look out about 18 months. And of all of our industrial leases expiring over the next 18 months, right out about 50% of those were signed between 2009 and 2011, and then the other 50% split fairly even between deals signed before '09 and after '11. So the way we look at it, the deals before '09 and after '11, probably fairly modest rent growth on those deals, the deals signed in that '09 to '11 timeframe. We're getting deals up into the high teens on some of those. So we think when you average it out, it's pretty close to the run rate we've been at for the last couple of quarters, which is close to high-single digits, I would call lit.
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of Brendan Maiorana.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo: Mark, if I look at sources and uses as it relates to the guidance for the back half of the year, it seems like you've gotten -- as I think maybe you or Denny mentioned in the script, you've gotten more aggressive in terms of where the dispositions are coming out, more conservative in terms of acquisitions. Seems like a portion of that is related to the Series J redemption. But is there a portion of it that you're using opportunistically to delever a little bit more? It seems like maybe, relative to what you have coming in the door, there's a little bit less in terms of what you need to spend it on.
Dennis Oklak: Brandon, I would say that if you just kind of look at the midpoint of our guidance from acquisitions and development dispositions, where we have to go. When your factor in the two large office dispositions that we had that closed late in the second quarter, we probably have about a net, I would call, a $100 million of excess capital coming in the door. So you're probably right. I mean absent an even further increase in the development pipeline, the way we've seen it, we've really pre-funded a little bit of that the development pipeline, as we look forward over the next six to nine months. So that's really kind of what we've got it earmarked for right now is development. And as that fix up or decreases that will drive how much additional capital we need. But as we sit here today, we don't really see any needs for capital for the next six months to speak of, with any significance.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo: And just as a follow-up. So the guidance, there were a couple of sort of changes all around and you guys moved the range up a little bit. I saw the same-store range didn't change and you're kind of tracking ahead. You've got nice rent spreads and it seems like you feel pretty good about occupancy. If you're 3.5% in year-to-date and you add a little bit of a tough Q1 with some weather issues, is it fair to think that you're likely to be towards the upper-end of the 2% to 4% same-store range this year?
Dennis Oklak: Yes, I think we can get to the upper end. I think the first quarter was a little deceivingly low like you said for to weather reasons, and then the second quarter is a little bit higher than our run rate for some other small reasons. So you average it out that 3.5% on the 12 month is pretty close to what we believe our current run rate can be for the foreseeable future. Now, I'll caveat that a little bit with saying that we have had significant occupancy increases over this period of time. And we're getting closer and closer to full occupancy. Although, we do still think we have some room to go on the occupancy, we just don't know that it will be at pace that we've been increasing the occupancy by. So we'll have to come down to the rental rate growth side.
James Connor: And Brendan, the other reason we didn't really change it is, because that number can fluctuate so much based on our dispositions. And we've got pretty good plan in place for dispositions, but you never know the timing of closings in those type things. So as we look at that, we just select not to change it.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Dave Rodgers.
Dave Rodgers - Robert W. Baird: Jim, maybe a question for you on the spec developments that you're doing and the spec developments you're tracking in the market. It might be easier, I guess, if you address your own. But I guess, I'm wondering how much market rents are being pushed at the high-end by these spec developments. I guess another way of asking that is when you're going to an area, putting in a new spec building, what's your premium rent that you're seeking or are you really targeting markets that maybe have already gotten replacement cost rents back from the recovery? Just a little more color on that would be helpful
James Connor: I would tell you without any specifics, probably half of the markets across the U.S. are there. Deals are being done in existing space, first and second generation to support the rents and the yields we need on spec development. The remaining half is probably within $0.05 to $0.10. And for the right users, for the right timing, for the right location, that's not too big a premium. That's why you're seeing as much build-to-suit activities you're seeing around the country.
Dave Rodgers - Robert W. Baird: And I think that's consistent with your portfolio as well? And you've been a little late to the spec game, but I think that's probably been why there's a little bit more conservatism?
James Connor: We have try to exercise a little conservatism. We can still remember 2007, 2008. But we had so many really good build-to-suit opportunities across the spectrum that it just hasn't really paid for us to take on much spec risk. Now, that so many of our portfolio, industrial portfolios, in particular, are north of 95%. There is some opportunities there that we need to take advantage of just to handle the growth of our existing clients in some of these markets. So that's why you'll continue to see us selectively pick some markets that we feel comfortable, where our portfolio is, where rents are, where absorptions are. And we'll continue do a modest number going forward.
Dave Rodgers - Robert W. Baird: Mark, maybe one for you. I think we've talked about this before, but I'll ask it again. Given your comfort just more recently, issuing equity on the ATM and given, maybe some comfort going a little bit lower into your preferreds, breaking that 6%, 7% barrier in terms of the yield and buying back that Series J. As you look at the rest of the preferreds, I don't know if you commented on this already, but if you would, what stops you at this point, given where the equity is, given where some of these 15-year bonds are pricing out in terms of getting rid of the rest of those preferreds?
Mark Denien: Dave, the biggest thing is development pipeline and the deposition. We want to make sure like we'd said before that we've got all of our bets covered on the development side first. And if we've got some excess capital and our stock's trading at a nice price, then we'll look to opportunistically take some more preferreds down over time, but with the disposition pipeline that we have in front of us, we may have the opportunity to do some of that through dispositions. We just need to see how that plays out first.
Operator: Next, we'll go to line of Eric Frankel.
Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors: I'm curious, if your development pipeline increases further for whatever reason, how would you likely fund it?
Dennis Oklak: It would be through some combination of disputation proceeds or the ATM. Like we said at the beginning of the year, Eric, our plan all along was to fund our net growth 60-40, 60% equity/disposition proceeds, 40% debt. We've been able to fund everything thus far for the most part through the disposition program, but to the extent, that we still have attracted development out there and we don't have the dispositions to pay for it, we will look to fund it through the ATM.
Mark Denien: And I would also say, Eric, I don't think you're going to see that pipeline get much bigger than it is right now. We kind of keep our eye on that under regular basis and know about where we want to keep it. It's been running more in the $600 million to $700 million. We're a bit over $700 million this quarter. But I don't see or think you'll ever see it ramp up significant above that?
Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors: It's just interesting that this quarter, obviously, as you've stated yourself, you essentially pre-funded your increased development with almost all equity, I thought that was an interesting move. I think the only other question I have is regarding the leasing of some of the spec developments that came online in the last year or two. Did those leases come in at or above pro forma in terms of rental rates?
Mark Denien: No, they came in above pro forma. The only differential is some times you underwrite five year leases and you end up doing 10 year leases. But if you look at the net res across the term of the yields, we're above the across the board.
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of Neil Malkin.
Neil Malkin - RBC Capital Markets: I just had a question. The Cincinnati portfolio you sold, can you give us a cap rate on that, from I guess, GAAP or EBITDA perspective? And then what it would be from an AFFO or economic standpoint, like what's the spread there? And then also, can you at all quantify how much, around how much TIs per total CapEx you could probably take out of your portfolio once the majority of the suburban office dispositions are completed?
Dennis Oklak: Well, I guess, the answer of the first question is we really don't disclose GAAP rates on specific transactions, obviously, for competitive reasons. That that is blended in with our overall cap rate or in-place yield as we call it, that we disclosed. But on the second question, the difference between sort of the in-place with NOI cap rate and what we would believe is kind of a normal after CapEx. Really as we look at our net portfolio, it's about 150 basis points lower on a cash basis than on an NOI basis, on a pretty consistent basis. And that's probably about average or maybe even a bit low on the low side for some of office, probably goes between a 150 basis points to 200 basis points from cash to NOI. And I'm sorry the last question was?
Neil Malkin - RBC Capital Markets: Well, I mean, I'm not exactly sure. I guess maybe if you can quantify the amount that you could possibly sell and you have left to sell of the suburban office assets and then, I guess we could actually figure out how much spend you could possibly be saving, right? Because those are obviously CapEx-intensive assets you're selling?
Mark Denien: That's right. And I think we, if you look back probably over the last couple of years, I think we disclosed every quarter, pretty much how much CapEx we're spending by product types. So you can see that. And clearly the suburban office is where the higher number is as well as drop to the higher percentage. And so that's coming down. Again, if you look at our remaining dispositions for the rest of year in our guidance, which is probably $300 million, $400 million, at least 50% of that I would say is going to be in the suburban office, probably a little bit more than 50% of it.
Operator: And we'll have a follow-up question from the line of Jamie Feldman.
Jamie Feldman - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I was hoping you guys could spend a little bit more time on your comments on the office business. It sounds like rents aren't necessarily moving, concessions are coming in. Can you give a little bit more color in terms of what you're seeing on both the demand side and rent growth and maybe a little more granularity on the different markets?
James Connor: Sure, Jamie. I think as we outlined in the script, there's not a great deal of rent growth in the suburban market yet, but where we are making you some ground is concessions are trending down, less free rent, less TIs in particular going into the deals. Better term is probably a big factor that doesn't get talked about a lot. Office tenants in the last years have been a little nervous to make commitments beyond that three to five year period. Now we're starting to see tenants making longer-term commitments, which improves the economics of a lot of our deals.
Dennis Oklak: Just adding to what Jim said, I would say, the Midwest rents are still pretty flat, but I think we've actually seen some decent rent growth in a couple of the Southeast markets and we're not in all of that many office markets anymore, but Raleigh's held up extremely well in both from a volume and a very stable and growing rental rate stream. South Florida, the activity has been pretty good across the board and rents continue to creep up down there. So the suburban office market is coming back slowly, slowly and even in the Midwest, I think I would say, I think our activity is probably up a little bit but rental rates probably are not.
Jamie Feldman - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Do you get the sense that maybe three quarters or a year from now we'll be talking about a much more robust office market or it just feels like we're stuck in neutral here in your markets, outside the Southeast, I guess?
James Connor: Well, we love to be talking about that Jamie. But realistically, I don't think so. I don't think -- we're not seeing the trends where you're going to see a real significant turnaround, where you've got some substantial rent growth in the next 12 months. I don't think we're that bullish on the suburban office market. I think we'll continue to make modest increases in occupancy like we have over the last 18 months. In some of the better markets, as Denny alluded, Raleigh, South Florida, even Texas, those markets rents have gotten back to where they're supporting new construction. I think the Midwest still lags behind and is a little bit softer.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up from Michael Bilerman.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Denny, just on the Lehigh Valley industrial asset, that was a build-to-suit that you had committed to take out from the tenant or from another developer?
Dennis Oklak: That was from another developer.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And what was the, I guess, this is just you were attracted by the asset or what was it? What drove you to.
Dennis Oklak: Michael, the Pennsylvania area and New Jersey are the geographic area we're trying to grow in. And this was good opportunity for us from a group that we have our relationships with and like the price propound and it's an excellent building in excellent location. So it's always good for certain private developers to be able to have it take out and they get that upfront. A lot of times you get a bit better deal on it when if it's fully complete. So we believe we did on that one.
Dennis Oklak: Michael, the only thing I would add is we have a long-standing relationship with the tenant. We have that tenant in four or five other buildings around the country. So we have a very high-level of comfort with them, strong relationship. So we think there is actually an opportunity to grow.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And what's that lease length like?
Mark Denien: 10 years I think. Yes. Annual rent growth.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: So what is that? And what was your sort of going in versus the GAAP rate, cap rate on it?
Mark Denien: Well, I don't remember exactly, but the going in is 6. And then I think its 1.5% to 2% bumps for sure. But I think closer to 2% on that deal.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: On the medical office, do you have any desire as you think about the acquisition market being pricey and you're continuing to sell assets and raising that guidance? Are you thinking about capping the medical office assets at all for proceeds?
Mark Denien: No. As you recall, we did about -- we sold and improved net portfolio at the end of last year about $250 million, couple of those closed, I think early this year. And we've said at the time that that really -- we took advantage of the market, what we thought was good pricing, sold some assets that weren't as strategic to us as the ones we retained for hospital relationships or geographical purposes. So we're very comfortable with where that portfolio is now and quite honestly there is really none of that in our disposition guidance.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And then as you think about just, Mark, on the balance sheet, sort of the target ratios in terms of funding from here and definitely raising the equity, certainly was a big positive in terms of funding and making sure you have the capacity. I am just curious, and obviously buying back the preferreds is going to help fixed charge as well. How should we think about where you want your ratios to be going forward? From a debt-to-EBITDA, debt-to-gross assets and the fixed charge perspective?
Dennis Oklak: Michael, we haven't really set any targets in the sand like we did back in '09, but what I would tell you is this, a couple of things. As we look out towards the end of the year, we fully expect our debt-to-EBITDA to be under 6.5% by the end of the year. Our debt plus preferred to EBITDA to be well under 7% by the end of the year, and our fixed charge closer up to 2.5%. And then from that point on, what I would say, our plan is to grow the company, to grow mainly through development and to fund that growth at a better leverage profile that we set here today. More in that 60%, 40% range. And if we do that all those ratios naturally will just continue to improve.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And how much do you have left on the ATM right now?
Mark Denien: We are out of our ATM.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: That actually you're going to reload then?
Mark Denien: I'm sorry.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Are you going to reload it?
Mark Denien: Yes, I think it's prudent to always have it out there, just if we need it to have it. So you'll probably see us reload that some time in the not too distant future.
Operator: Let's go to the line of Ki Bin Kim.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Sorry, if someone has already asked this question or not. But you have had been a pretty much a net disposer, shorter developments, just on buying and selling for a couple years now. How should we think about that next year? How does that dynamic change a little bit next year?
Mark Denien: Well, I think, Ki Bin, we're now at the point, I guess I'd say couple of things here. When you look from here on out for the next six months, to say, 12 months, we're still targeting some of the Midwest suburban office assets, which are just not long-term holds for us. And we obviously did some of that in the first half of this year, and we've got some more, that you'll see us do in the second half of the year. And then, we also are targeting just these couple of retail assets that we still own or own a partial interest in, because those are pretty much stabilize now. And I think the pricing will be pretty good on those. So we're going to be get rid of those. I think looking forward, when you look around the rest of our portfolio, including industrial, suburban office, medical office, it's going to be properties that we really like. And so I think you'll see as the more opportunistic and strategic on the dispositions, once we get through a little bit of those targeted assets again. And the dispositions will really depend on a lot of different things. First of all, what the cap rates are? If we think it's a really good time to sell, we'll look at selling. What our development pipeline might be, if we've got a development pipeline and we can sell some older assets and redeploy the proceeds back into great new development assets, we'll do that. So I think sitting here today we don't really have any specific targets for a dollar volume of what it might be after this year. I think it will be more strategic, it's really based on market conditions.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust: I guess are you ruling out any kind of sizable dispositions or is that still kind of possible?
Dennis Oklak: Well, I don't think it's very likely, because our office portfolio is getting down to the point now where it isn't that sizeable. So I don't think you're going to see any particularly sizeable transactions, but I suppose something should come along, but I don't think it's likely.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust: And just one last one. Your service operations income, I know we've talked about it in the past, and there is other reasons why it's there and not just to make the $18 million a year. Any change in terms of the right staff level, especially as it relates to that part of the business?
Mark Denien: Well, the staffing in that piece of the business is just part of our -- there is no separate staffing for that piece of the business. We get that business really primarily, I would say, through our land positions. And as you know, since we've been around for a long, long time, and definitely since we've been a public company, if we can make some money by selling some land and doing a third-party construction project for a customer who wants to own their building, we're happy to do that. And those are the same people that would develop a build-to-suit that we owned on that land or developed a spec building on that land. So it's all part of the same group. And I would say the earnings are probably up a bit this year, because we had a couple larger projects that were exactly like that, where we sold the land and entered to a third-party construction contract that have proved pretty profitable for us. But again, we've had this discussion over the years. Our service operations are all there, been very consistent, higher obviously in the years, we were working on the BRAC project in D.C., because that was such a large project, and has consistently stayed above 5% of our overall FFO, and that's it.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in queue at this time, please continue.
Ronald Hubbard: I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today. And we look forward to reconvening during our third quarter call, tentatively scheduled for October 30. Thank you again.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thanks again for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference services. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-22 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracy A. Ward  SVP of IR and Corporate Communications Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer Eugene F. Reilly - Chief Executive Officer of the Americas Gary E. Anderson - Chief Executive Officer of Europe and Asia Michael S. Curless - Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC James C. Feldman - BofA Merrill Lynch Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc. Vance H. Edelson - Morgan Stanley John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus George Auerbach  ISI Group Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors, Inc. David B. Rodgers - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Securities Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. David Harris - Imperial Capital
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Shirley, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Prologis First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Ms. Tracy Ward, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Tracy A. Ward:  Thanks Shirley, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2014 conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning we'll hear from Hamid Moghadam, our Chairman and CEO, who will comment on the company's strategy and the market environment; and then from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results and guidance. Also joining us for today's call are Gary Anderson, Mike Curless, Ed Nekritz, Gene Reilly and Diana Scott. Before we begin our prepared remarks I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and in the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filing.  Additionally our first quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg G we have provided a reconciliation to those measures.  With that I will turn the call over to Hamid and we'll get started. Hamid? 
Hamid R. Moghadam: Thanks, Tracy and good morning everyone. We had a strong first quarter and 2014 is shaping up to be a good year for us. We see excellent momentum across all our business lines and geographies. Markets continue to improve pretty much everywhere around the world. Rents and occupancies are recovering at a pace ahead of the forecast we gave you at our investor forum last fall. In the U.S. absorption is running more than double the pace of new completions, pushing occupancies above pre-crisis levels. We expect this trend to continue throughout 2014 albeit at a more modest pace. We see no general signs of overbuilding although speculative starts in Dallas are getting ahead of demand. There is also a fair amount of new construction in the Inland Empire and Houston but we are not concerned about those markets as absorption is more than keeping pace with new supply.  Turning to capital flows we see significant investor demand for quality industrial real estate. Appraisals lag real time transactions and our view of the market by 25 to 50 basis points. At the same time the market chatter about portfolio pricing is a further 25 to 50 basis points inside where we think the real market is today.  Moving to Europe the leasing markets are also improving but at an uneven pace. UK and Northern Europe are strong and Southern Europe is slowly getting better. While strengthening Italy and Romania are the two softest markets in Europe. Across the Continent cap rates are compressing rapidly and appraisals are 50 to 100 basis points behind real time transactions.  In Brazil, Mexico and China the markets are much stronger than the economic headlines would suggest, consumer interest -- the customer interest in our product remains solid. In Japan markets continue to tighten and rents are increasing faster than our previous expectations. Japan is a market with the biggest upward pressure on construction cost.  Switching to our three lines of business, ops led the way in the first quarter. Overall occupancies held up better than our expectations and rental growth was above plan. In our development business margins on starts and stabilizations were well above average. Our pipeline for the rest of the year continues to look strong in terms of volume and projected profit margins. We had a good quarter of acquisitions in Europe ahead of compressing cap rates.  As we look forward given the strength of pricing in the U.S. we're putting more of our non-strategic assets on the market for sale in 2014. With respect to acquisitions here in the U.S., we are only spending time on transactions where we can have a competitive advantage in terms of our scale and our expertise or see value at discounts to replacement costs.  In investment management business we experienced another quarter of strong fund raising across all our vehicles. Our ongoing dialogue with perspective investors is as strong as I remember in our entire history. We are turning away more business than we choose to take on. We are now rated BBB Plus by S&P in the top quintile of REITs. This represents the second full upgrade over the last 12 months and is a long way away from where we started at the close of the merger. We still plan to have one of the top balance sheets in the business and to attain an A rating in the near future.  To sum it all up we're feeling pretty good about our business, where it is today and where it's going. We expect strong rental growth through the balance of the year and beyond, development and investment management businesses are two powerful engines for profitable growth going forward. And finally we are at the point in our evolution where we can grow significantly in scale with very little incremental investment in corporate overhead. With that let me turn it over to Tom who will take you through the numbers. 
Thomas S. Olinger: Thanks, Hamid. I'll start with our results for the first quarter. Core FFO was $0.43 per share, about $0.01 ahead of our expectations. The outperformance was driven by higher NOI. Additionally interest income was higher than expected due to the recovery of a notes receivable that was fully reserved. Leasing volume totaled 32 million square feet consistent with the first quarter of 2013.  Our quarter-end occupancy was 94.5%, down 60 basis points from year-end and in-line with our historical first quarter seasonality. Americas and Asia occupancy outperformed expectations with the drop from year end at 30 and 40 basis points respectively. Europe occupancy was modestly lower than forecast, dropping a 130 basis points. GAAP rent change on rollover was 7% and positive across all geographic divisions led by the Americas at 10.4%. Notably Europe's rent change on rollover was 3%. Cash rent change on rollover was positive 1.1% for the quarter.  Same-store NOI for the quarter increased 3% on a GAAP basis and 4.1% on an adjusted cash basis. G&A was $63 million in the first quarter which is typically our highest quarter due to the seasonal nature of incentive compensation.  Turning to capital deployment, in the first quarter development stabilizations were $264 million, with an estimated margin of 22% generating our share of value creation of $51 million or about $0.10 a share. Building acquisitions were $371 million with the weighted average stabilized cap rate of 7% and were primarily in Europe. We also started a $172 million of new development projects at an estimated margin of 22%.  For dispositions and contributions in the quarter we completed $1.2 billion generating $568 million, our share at a weighted average stabilized cap rate of 6.2% with most of this activity related to the U.S. logistics venture contributions.  Moving to investment management; operating income was $21 million in the quarter in-line with our expectations. Following a record year in 2013 institutional investor demand remained strong. Year-to-date we've raised $582 million of third-party equity, primarily for our European ventures. Our capital raising and deployment drove investment management AUM higher to more than $27 billion at the end of the quarter.  Switching gears to capital markets, we completed $1.2 billion of financings in the first quarter. We continue to capitalize on low interest rates particularly with euro-denominated debt to extend term, lower interest cost and align the currency of our debt and assets. Our LTV and debt-to-EBITDA credit metrics increased slightly this quarter due to deployment timings. However we expect our credit metrics will continue to improve with NOI growth from high occupancy and rising rents. We repatriated the majority of the $700 million euro bonds proceeds back to U.S. dollars, which increased our U.S dollar held equity to 82% from 77% at year-end. Subsequent to quarter-end we redeemed a $175 million of bonds maturing in 2015 and repaid $239 million of secured debt. Additionally Prologis European Properties Fund 2 issued a $300 million Euro bond.  The recent credit rating upgrade from Standard & Poor's to BBB plus is affirmation of our earnings trajectory, liquidity, access to multiple sources of public and private capital and our commitment to build one of the strongest balance sheets in the REIT sector. For 2014 we continue to expect year-end occupancy to reach between 95% and 96% and GAAP same-store NOI to range between 3% and 4%.  On expenses; net G&A is forecasted to range between $233 million and $243 million. For capital deployment we continue to expect $1.8 billion to $2.2 billion of development starts with 80% our share and building acquisitions between $500 million and $1 billion with our share at 40%. For contributions our forecast is unchanged at $2 billion to $2.25 billion with 50% our share.  For dispositions; given the increase in divestiture demand as Hamid mentioned we're raising our guidance by $250 million to range between $750 million and $1.25 billion with 80% our share. The increased dispositions will be primarily in the U.S. We can self-fund our growth this year as proceeds from contributions and dispositions approximately equal our forecasted deployment. Our investment management guidance remains unchanged with revenue ranging between $200 million and $210 million and expenses between $95 million and $100 million representing an operating margin of about 50%. This guidance includes the promote we expect to recognize in the second quarter net of expenses of approximately $20 million from our open-ended target U.S. Logistic Fund.  We have added promote eligibility date disclosure in the supplemental and you should note that we have an opportunity to earn a promote in each year of the foreseeable future. For FX we are continuing to assume the euro with 1.35 and the Yen at 105 for the year and our U.S. dollar net equity to range between 85% and 90% at year-end.  Putting this all together given the strong start to the year we are raising the low end of our prior guidance and now expect full year core FFO to range between a $1.76 and a $1.82 per share. At the midpoint of our guidance range 2014 core FFO is expected to grow more than 8% year-over-year  We expect second quarter core FFO to be higher than the first quarter principally as a result of the USLF promote. As we are moving to the second half of the year we expect rent growth and increased NOI from development stabilizations to steadily increase core FFO. To sum it up we had a good quarter and we are excited about our prospects for the remainder of the year.  With that Ill turn it to the operator to open it up for questions.
Tracy A. Ward: Shirley?
Operator: I apologize maam I was on mute. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Brendan Maiorana from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Thanks, good morning. Tom I wanted to ask about guidance and you went through the details. It seemed like the main change from the parameters that you give us was the increased dispositions to take advantage of strong pricing that was out there. But you did raise the low end by a couple of pennies. So I am just wondering what the offset is given that it seems like the deployment expectations are about the same. Is it better on the operation side, is it better on the financing side or is there something else thats driving the move up when dispositions would be -- could be a little bit of a headwind?
Thomas S. Olinger:  Brendan, this is Tom, thanks for your question. It is driven by better NOI in the first quarter and our confidence with the operating fundamentals going forward. It's also the result of deploying our excess -- significant liquidity we had at the end of the year and in early January, a little faster than we thought. And we also have a little more visibility now on the size of the promote from USLF in the second quarter.  Looking forward well be as efficient as we can on redeploying any excess disposition proceeds and as we mentioned we took our guidance up there. Well continue to look on how to do that efficiently on deployment, including redeeming bonds where we think the economics make sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Specter from Bank of America. Your line is open.
James C. Feldman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Thank you. This is Jamie Feldman here. Can you talk a little bit more about the occupancy dip in the first quarter? I think you had said it was pretty sizable in Europe and then taking it forward kind of what gives you conviction that youll get to your occupancy guidance by the end of the year?
Hamid R. Moghadam : Let me take that second part of that first. Jamie, its kind of happened every year in the last, I dont know 25 years. So it's a good expectation. Our expectation is that it always dips in the first quarter and it always comes back and we have pretty good visibility in the leases we are working on for the second quarter and beyond. So that one is pretty much a given. I will let Gary talk about Europe.
Gary E. Anderson:  Yeah so Jamie in Europe we are still bullish there. The macroeconomic recovery is accelerating, it's broadening. The recovery -- actually over the course of the past 90 days GDP forecast has increased by 30 basis points. We are sitting at about 1.5% GDP growth for the entire year. So the recovery as Hamid said is uneven and our operating results are sort of reflective of that. Things played out pretty much as we expected in Northern Europe and the UK, occupancies dropped while we started to push rents, makes perfect sense; were right in the sweet spot in those two geographies sitting at 96%, 97% occupancy and the ability to push rents.  We had hoped that we would be able to hold occupancies in Southern Europe and Central and Eastern Europe and we didnt. There is not a concern there. There is no systemic issue at all and I expect occupancies to increase certainly about the third quarter of this year. So net-net we feel good about the operating results there and again this is the third consecutive quarter that we had positive rental growth in Europe, so 3% so all-in-all a pretty good result I think in Europe. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman from Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc.: Yeah, good morning up there, Kevin Varin's on the phone with me as well. Tom or Hamid I just wanted to talk sort of about free cash flow, equity, sort of dividend raise and when you look at the results in the first quarter, your core AFFO was effectively on top of the dividend which you lifted 18% to $0.33. When you think about the back half of the year if you put aside the $0.04 promote that you in the second quarter your core FFO was about $0.43 to $0.45. Let's assume the $0.10 drop from FFO to AFFO is similar, you got pretty tight coverage and so I guess from your perspective why raise the dividend and give away that free-cash flow ability and then also put an ATM in place of $750 million, potentially putting pressure even though the decisions are good and you can match fund this year, putting pressure on the need to raise equity where you got free cash, if you were to maintain the dividend where it was? 
Hamid R. Moghadam: Wow, that was a pretty long winded question. I think you are assuming two businesses away which are pretty important as part of our overall lines of business. I mean you just put investment management away by assuming away promotes. That's a pretty important part of our business. And you also put away the development business that makes us $300 million to $400 million a year really, really.  So yes, if you just consider our operating business the dividend and our earnings power from just the rent business, assuming no growth in rents and occupancies which is again a draconian assumption, is right on top of the dividend but of course our view is that there will be growth in our rents and our occupancies and that the development in investment management business will be strong contributors to our overall financial picture. Tom, do you have anything to add? 
Thomas S. Olinger: I will just add on the development side you have to remember that realized development gains or taxable income and that has to be distributed to shareholders, so you need to look at as Hamid said the totality of that business not just with the operating business. And when you look at on that basis our AFFO payout ratio would be in the mid to low 80% range. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vance Edelson from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 
Vance H. Edelson - Morgan Stanley: Thank you for taking the questions. So you touched on construction cost in Japan and you also discussed where you are seeing some construction activity domestically. Could you update us on the replacement cost in relation to rents in the U.S., the relative growth in both and how your own construction costs are trending domestically?
Eugene F. Reilly: Yeah, sure Vance it's Gene, I'll hit that one. So as we look at actual construction cost in the United States we saw sort of a 3% to 4% increase year-over-year. And we expect that to increase not significantly at this point but probably that goes to sort of a four to five range. And that's one component of replacement cost obviously. Land it's moving, I mean that's really all across the board but in a healthy market it is moving really quickly. So you are seeing sort of 10%, 15% increase.  When you boil all that together and you are probably looking on a go-forward basis something in the 7% plus range all-in. So we've got a keen eye on replacement cost and as you know we do a lot of development so it is something on one hand we are worried about, but on the other hand it sort of underpins where rent levels are and also underpins the growth in those rents. 
Hamid R. Moghadam: Our rental forecast on our Investor Day was predicated on a 10% real growth in construction cost above and beyond inflation in the period between 2013 and 2016, that's kind of was the basis for that analysis which we shared with you in September of '13. I would say and that was a global forecast. I would say if you look at where we are and we were going to do that analysis over again I would say construction cost would be higher than those projections primarily because Japan is much, much higher and I would say the U.S. is higher and the growth is coming a little earlier than we thought in that analysis.  So I think there is -- that's why we think that forecast that we put out there is actually looking pretty conservative right now and we're ahead of it both in terms of occupancy, we're ahead of it in terms of rent. The only headwind to that forecast is that I would say cap rates have come in a little bit lower. So development can occur a little sooner with the same level of profitability than before.  So compared to September I would say global cap rates are down maybe 25 basis points. Where we really think they are now where the price stock is, the price stock is all kinds of -- if you really believed the price stock cap rates are down 50 maybe even more than that. I don't believe the price stock. But really, really cap rates are down 25 basis points, so that's a bit more of a headwind that will negate the construction cost increase. So roughly I think replacement cost rents are about where they were when we forecasted them in September. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Guinee from Stifel. Your line is open.
John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus : Great. Thank you. Hey Tom can you -- I think it was Mr. Bilerman asked about dividend increase et cetera. Can you expand a little bit more for educational purposes on the -- basically in developing, merchant building investment sales business in the U.S. versus Europe. Because in the U.S., for the most part your normal real estate annual corporate taxes are sheltered via the REIT rules and you can usually -- if you want to do a 10-31 exchange and do other assets, how much leakage do you have in Europe because the U.S. REIT don't apply and you may or may not be able to use 10-31 exchanges. And how does that all translate into a percentage of your dividend that is almost guaranteed to go up as your merchant building business expands?
Thomas S. Olinger: Thanks for the question, John. So when you look at outside the U.S. the friction you get, well number one is those gains do come back and it is taxable income. You cannot shelter those gains through a 10-31 mechanism like you can in the U.S. So those earnings when they are repatriated come back and that's taxable income. The leakage on that is actually very minimal. We're very efficiently structured, both out of Europe and Asia and that leakage is generally in the low to mid-single digits, from a leakage perspective. 
Hamid R. Moghadam: But here is the important point, John, they only are taxed when they come back here. So in terms of present value they are very low in terms of their net economic impact because they often times unless you're doing a lot of balance sheet gymnastics in terms of expanding or shrinking your balance sheet in these regions, which by the way we've being doing a lot of, but now we're in the stable mode given that we have all these fund structures in place and all that, we shouldn't be doing a whole bunch of repatriating.  We've moved up the share of our U.S. dollar equity to 82% already. So there isn't that much more of money coming back and forth. So I think you can think of effectively the present value of that leakage overseas if the absolute number is in the low single-digits the present value impact is going to be virtually zero. 
Thomas S. Olinger: And then from a sizing perspective when you think about the size of our development pipeline and this is on a long-term run-rate basis if you just assume for even that $2 billion of development that stabilizes a year and a long-term margin of 15% that's $300 million. Probably two-thirds of that is happening outside the U.S. and will ultimately affect your taxable income. So a rough way to look at it would be about $200 million of potential taxable income as Hamid mentioned when it's repatriated could come back to your USTIs. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Auerbach from ISI Group. Your line is open. 
George Auerbach  ISI Group: Great, thanks. Hamid you mentioned the investment opportunity in Europe a few times now. Can you give us a sense for any portfolio sized deals in the market today? And how long of a horizon you see to put capital to work in Europe at above average returns. 
Hamid R. Moghadam : Well. Cap rates in Europe have compressed a lot faster than I ever thought. You really have this unusual situation where the appraisal community in Europe I would say is 50 to 100 but probably really more like 75 to 100 basis points behind real deals and we were very successful in the middle, actually all in 2013 and early part of this year. But now we are finding that we are actually losing deals, portfolio deals by maybe 25 basis points on the cap rate.  So markets in Europe have adjusted very, very quickly. You still have a good discount to replacement costs because rents are pretty low and you can still buy properties at the replacement cost. But the big surprise for me has been -- well UK really normalized in 2012, 2013 but the continent was right after it.  And if I were going to guess, probably since our Norges transaction there has been, which I think was basically the coasts are clear and the water is safe sign I have mentioned those cap rates were down 75 basis points, may be a 100 basis points and heading lower. So the investment opportunities in Europe are quickly, quickly dissipating. They are still attractive because you still have rent growth but you dont have the combination of really high cap rate compression or rent growth like you had before. So still good but not great.
Gary E. Anderson: George, I would just add that our pipeline is still pretty strong and we were looking at over 1.8 billion worth of acquisition opportunities. And its a mix of one-off deals smaller portfolios call it in a $100 million range and then some larger portfolios. But there is pretty good activity there and better product again then I have seen in the last decade thats come in to market. So there is still opportunity, I think.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Thanks, good afternoon guys. Maybe could we just hit on U.S. development a little bit, you mentioned Dallas, looks like it may be getting a little bit ahead of itself but -- and then Inland Empire and Houston they are still on demand there to absorb the supply but on the other side you said cap rates in the U.S. are coming in a little bit more than you thought and may be that makes development easier. I guess as you guys look out on the horizon are there more markets sort of on the bubble of getting to Dallas or even Houston, Inland Empire type developments starts there that get you guys worried, or at this point is the runway still pretty good here in the U.S. for development?
Eugene F. Reilly :  Craig, it is Gene Ill take that one. Generally the answer to your question is yes, it does look pretty good. If you look across U.S. markets three of them stand out in particular, Dallas recently we mentioned, the Inland Empire and Houston. But in all of those cases if you study the metrics you look at where their actual vacancy rates are today, you look at historical absorption and supply as a percentage of stock, its kind of in balance but it's ramping up quickly as Hamid mentioned in Dallas it's ramping up really quickly. So those are three markets we have our eyes on. We are very active in development in all three of them. There is no doubt as this recovery takes shape that more markets will fall into that category, but none of them are flashing red lights yet at this point.
Hamid R. Moghadam: So the only thing I would add is that keep the overall numbers in mind. The overall numbers are last year 65 million feet of new supply, 225 million feet of absorption. We under-built the market by about a 160 million square feet. That directly translated into vacancy rates dropping by more than any other year ever. And by the way that doesnt account for obsolescence, putting that aside. This year we think absorption is going to be around 200 million with construction increasing to about a 100 million square feet. So the deficit that we had at the 160 million feet last year is going to be more like a 100 million feet this year which will mean that this will be the second best year for vacancy drop. So now of that 100 million feet of supply my guess is 50% of it is in that three markets weve just talked about. And the reason that development is occurring in those markets, guess what rents have recovered, to replacement type rents. Its not because people had more development talent or less disciplined or any -- or banks are more exuberant there. Its just that the rents have recovered earliest in those markets and those rents are [through peaks] [ph].  So I think this volume of construction is directly related to rents. If rents pop 20% sooner than we thought you will get more development coming in these markets but until the other markets recover to the same extent I don't think you will see development. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust. Your line is open. Again Ki Bin Kim, your line is open.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Ki Bin, there is something wrong with your mike. Why don't we skip over and come back to him. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel from Green Street Advisors. Your line is open. 
Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors, Inc.: Thank you. I was wondering if you could just talk about your development pipeline a little bit. It seems like the number of starts is a little bit lower than I had probably anticipated given the amount of development you're expecting to be this year, may be you can just comment on that? Thank you.
Michael S. Curless : Sure, Eric this is Mike Curless. We are not particularly concerned about the first quarter. Historically our first quarter is always by far our lightest quarter. This year we started 13 projects they happen to be some smaller projects just due to mix and certainly weather was an impact on a couple of projects that we moved into the second quarter. But relative to the overall volume for the year we certainly think there is bias to the upside, 80% of all of our activity is already identified. That's a very high number for this time of the year. And 80% was going to take place on land that we already own. The ramp up is already underway in Q2. And we expect that to increase steadily all the way through to the end of Q4 which is pretty typical for our pattern of development for the year.  We continue to have bias to the upside in Europe. And in Asia and don't rule out our [WC] business given our customer reach and our land control. So we feel pretty good about some upside opportunities in those three important categories. If history any indication we expect good margins again for the third year in a row. So I feel real good about not just the quantity of the activity but more importantly the quality of that activity. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Rodgers from Robert W. Baird. Your line is open. 
David B. Rodgers - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Yeah, maybe for Gene and/or Hamid, I want to talk about capital raising in the U.S. obviously fairly quiet in the first quarter and tying that into your disposition acceleration the election to pursue disposition as opposed to contribution. So I guess one can you tie together the concept of capital raising in the U.S., the appetite here both for you as well as the partners out there.  And then the second is if it's more of a property quality issue that you are trying to clean-up, can you may be give a little color around cap rates and timing? 
Hamid R. Moghadam: Sure, I think disposition is what we are buying and what we are selling are very different things. We have some residual cleanup of the portfolio left in our non-strategic markets and also the less strategic assets in core markets. And we're just getting along with that quicker than we would have otherwise because we see an opportunity to get good valuation. So but what we are buying on for USLF primarily, which is our active vehicle in the U.S. we're being very selective and we're buying for not just quality core products, that's a mandate of that fund. And we are very mindful of replacement cost and like I said in my prepared comments we're looking at situations that either our scale or expertise can add value.  But it's getting tougher and tougher and one of the things that we don't want to do is sign up for a huge pipeline of capital. There is plenty of interest for people who want to give us money. We are being selective in managing our pipeline so that we not only can raise money but can invest that money intelligently without any undue pressure for people who want to get their capital to work. So that's the balance. It's not lack of interest from investors. Quite to the contrary there is a lot of interest on the part of the investors and we're just trying to balance that with the opportunities that we see in the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. 
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Good morning. Tom just given your comments about the increase in dispositions, can you just give us an update where you expect in the year in terms of U.S. equity exposures also overall leverage? And then also just so we have greater clarity in the promote, I think you had said $0.04 last quarter, is that still a good number to use? 
Thomas S. Olinger: Sure Michael I'll take those up. First the equity we expect to end the year, our U.S. equity balance between, somewhere 85% and 90%. So right on top of what our long-term goal is there. From a leverage perspective if you look at the mid points of our sources and usage in our deployment and guidance that would put us right around 35% LTV at the end of the year. If you remember when you look out to the first quarter 2015 two things are happening, first we've got the convertible debt that we would expect to convert into equity. That is roughly about 200 basis points of LTV.  And then we also have optionality around the sell down of our interest in the Health venture that would get us to the low, very low near 30% LTV. And your last question was on the promote. Yes, I said we expect that to be around $20 million net of expenses or roughly $0.04 recognized in the second quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum from UBS Securities. Your line is open. 
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Securities: Thanks. Tom just on the same-store guidance, how much of a tailwind should we expect on the expense side going forward for the remainder of the year?
Thomas S. Olinger: I think what you saw -- I don't think there will be much of a tailwind for the rest of the year. What you saw in the first quarter was really the result of Q1 '13 expenses being higher than normal. So you shouldn't see much of any tailwind at all from expenses. We talked about this last quarter but when you look at same-store increase year-over-year you've got about 1.5% driven by just rent change. So I think about 15% portfolio of your portfolio turning over, 10% rent change, about a 150 basis points of occupancy improvement. So that's another 1.5% and then there is about 50 basis points of indexation that's not reflected in straight line rent.  So it's in this indexation, primarily in Europe where it's not a fixed income but it's based on an index that floats therefore you can't straight line it. So that indexation also comes through and that's about 50 basis points. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller from JPMorgan. Your line is open. 
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan : Hi. I joined a little late, I apologize if I missed this. But I think you talked about longer-term development margins. If you're looking at the next round of developments starts and where do you see the stabilized yields coming in and the margins on this next batch?
Hamid R. Moghadam: I think for our starts this year the margins are going to be above 20% and I think, I said this now I think three years in a row and I've been wrong I think they are going to gravitate down to 15 but I may be wrong. I think our land is on the books at a pretty attractive price. So while we're monetizing that land I think our margins will be over stated until we work our way through that land and have to buy new land at market. 
Thomas S. Olinger: And it's about a 2.5 year to 3 year supply, the land on our books today. 
Hamid R. Moghadam: I think if we're going to pick a number for our land today on the books of the 1.6 billion I would say that land is easily 20% or 25% undervalued with the big area up. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust. Your line is open. 
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks. Just have one follow-up on promote. In 2015 it looks like a larger portion of it does come from some of your newer -- newly established joint -- JVs in Europe and given your commentary about cap rate compression there and if your promotes are structured the way they are historically as such are based on IRR than sort of the laddered promote structures.  I think it will be a pretty sizable promote just even if a 100 basis points of cap rate compression would drive a big part of the IR calculation. As of today could you talk a little bit about what that size of promote would like potentially in 2015?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Ki Bin it's dangerous to do that because a million things have to happen before that promote is realized, including appraisers actually closing the gap between reality and what they are appraising. That's been very sticky in Europe and they are really lagging as I've now said three times I think by 75 or 100 basis points. I have no idea when they are going to start recognizing the evidence in the market, very, very sticky. But the best way I think to think about our promotes is that if you think that we're going to outperform our indices by call it 200 basis points of performance and historically thats been about the order of magnitude or the outperformance that the company's experienced with that big range but kind of averaging around 200 basis points above the indices. The promotes are 15% to 20%.  So that translates into $0.30 to $0.40 of gross promotes, and the net promote is about 60% of the gross promote. So I think of it as a 25%, 25 basis point of AUM, third party AUM of-course we are not charging ourselves promotes, right. So take the third party AUM and if you want to model something that's relatively regular thats the number I would use, particularly now that we are getting into the period that there is almost a promote coming in every period.  You are going to get some volatility around that but thats of a kind not a bad bullet point. And I would say they would be biased towards the upside of that in the next three or four years given that we are recovering from a really horrible three or four year period where there were no promotes and most values are reverting to the norm. So I think we are entering a good period of promotes for the company and its a real part of our business I wish people would go spread it forth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brendan Maiorana from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Thanks, I had a couple of follow-ups. Just first on the new supply versus the net absorption calculation or projection, I know for 2014 its been consisting a 100 million of its new expectations versus 200 million. I wonder, based on where the development starts are shaping up how you think that outlook may trend in 2015? And then second question the improvement in the secondary market location, which is causing you had sell some of your none-core assets. Is that driven by improvement in fundamentals in those markets, is it accelerating more in the secondary markets? Or is it just capital slowing into those markets because cap rates in primary markets are low?
Hamid R. Moghadam: I think fundamentals are getting better in all markets, so including the secondary market. So the way the capital means that you can achieve better pricing in those markets in terms of timing then we thought otherwise. So the transactions that were slated for late there is no sense waiting for later because you can achieve the same thing earlier and the decision, the same those have been determined to be non-strategic and so we are going to sell it. And what was the first part of question?
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: The ag -- what happened in 2015?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Supply will be up only because rents will be up and it will make more sense to build in more market. So again we shouldnt think about these issues in compartments. Supply relates to where rents are and where profitable development can take place. And if you buy the thesis of recovery in a broader range of markets you would see development in a broader range of market. But again let me put this in perspective Ive been in this business since 1983. Thats I hate to say it but thats 31 years.  There have never been periods where we have under-built the demand in the U.S. anywhere near these levels that we experienced last year and this coming year and next year. Its just unprecedented so vacancies are compressing rapidly. And I think together with that rents are increasing rapidly and its not because this all of a sudden became the best business in the worlds. Its because we are climbing out of the basement, the basement that we all fell into in '08 and '09. So afterwards -- climbing out of the basement lets see how disappointed people are just to point that we will have a good long term sustainable period of rent growth once weve reached a equilibrium. But between now and equilibrium expect a rapid rent growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Specter of Bank of America. You line is open.
James C. Feldman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks it's Jimmy Feldman again. I was hoping you guys could talk a little bit more about the types of tenant demand you are seeing? And may be how its changing or how you might expect it to change over the near term given where we are in the economic cycle? In fact in terms of sectors then and what people are doing with this base?
Michael S. Curless: Jimmy this is Mike Curless certainly seeing a lot of movement in a variety of sectors and our customer demands e-commerce, packaging, housing related auto related. E-commerce is a real large driver there, probably see them doing about 15% of the activity in our existing portfolio in our new space in the development pipeline those numbers are more like 30% of that activity, the space sizes tend to much larger than traditional brick and mortar uses. So plenty of activity in e-commerce. The customers are gravitating towards large population centers, the Amazon affect is well underway in terms of people wanting to be closer to the customers for the possibility of same day delivery. So we're seeing a lot of activity in our global markets and that plays very well with our platform given our high percentage of land and buildings in those particular markets.
Hamid R. Moghadam: The only thing that I would add is that the three PLs are back. There are big customer segment for us. And if you would ask me a year ago how the three PLs were reacting, they were securing a contract, logistics contract before the secured real-estate and today it's exactly the opposite. They realized that because of the dwindling supply they have to secure the real-estate in order secured logistics contract. So I would say that's an interesting trend that's occurred over the course of last 12 months.
James C. Feldman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Globally?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Globally, yeah. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman from Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc.: Yes, I had a few follow ups almost rattle them off just things to NOI you present the gross basis, I am just curious what that would be on a pro-largest share effectively your consolidated plus your share of joint ventures, number one. Number two, the Japan land sale 21 acres for $55 million, $107 per billable foot seems high. I know land prices are high in Japan, just curious what's going on there.  The third just ATM, I know you had the ATM last June you didn't issue anything you -- how should we think about your intent to use it going forward. And lastly just on the expense recovery rate, it was about 79% this quarter which was higher than last year, higher than the first quarter of last year so it seems like that perhaps had something to do, I am not sure with same-store expenses and revenues, if you can just clarify what's your hope that would be helpful? Thanks. 
Hamid R. Moghadam: So Michael I would be happy to answer any one of those questions that you select. What would you like me to take, which one would you like to take. We are trying to have the fair process for everybody to get their questions in, so. 
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc.: All right you can answer equity one first and then I'll re-queue up for the same-store which would be the second one just to understand. 
Hamid R. Moghadam: So that would be great. We don't foresee any need for equity in our business for all the reasons that Tom talked about. And yes, we do have the ATM program in place and we did renew but we dont expect to be underneath it unless our investment, opportunities set changes from where it is today and where we see it today. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel from Green Street Advisors. Your line is open. 
Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors, Inc.: Thank you. Can you maybe just discuss what's causing the increase in prices or decrease in cap rates. Our understanding is that a lot of the institutional capital has been partnering with most of those to build those new shiny product. But it appears that it's now kind of gone the other way where B product is getting a little bit of better because rapidly improving better fundamentals.  I am just trying to figure out is a lot of new capital also or the same capital willing to allocate more.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Our impression is that there is a lot of private equity that's interested in the sector and it is the weight of capital and it's almost interested in bulking up plays are popular. So I guess that's the incremental capital we see in the marketplace, the institutional stuff. And the non-traded green sector continue to be active. But I would say the incremental capital is really private equity Mike do you have more --?
Michael S. Curless: More to add there, Yeah when you see 15 or 20 people trying to buy a product in LA and obviously only one could be successful. You are seeing four or five people on that list moving to B product and or moving to regional markets as well. We continue to see a real lot of capital and quite a few new players in the mix these days.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael J. Salinsky from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. 
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: May be just going back to the compression you talked about in cap rates in Europe over the last six months relative to what you are seeing in terms of rent growth are return thresholds coming in or is your expectation in '14, '15, '16 that the growth is going to accelerate to justify that compression at this point? 
Thomas S. Olinger: I think it's anticipation of rent growth and availability of financing in Europe that are the two things that changed and also I think Financing in Europe that are the two things that are changed. And also I think it is the fact that the ice was broken, I really think our Norges transaction without dwelling on that too much was really a sign that the waters are safe. And almost immediately after that people start piling into Europe in a big way. So I think primarily the cap rents that were high, higher than elsewhere in the globe because the financing markets were more frozen then the rest of the globe, attracted people in.  Now that cap rates have compressed I think people are attracted to Europe not because there is a little bit more cap rates compression thats going to happen but also rent growth is kicking in and you can still buy product thats below. So I think thats the attraction and it can be all finance now which it couldnt be two years ago so those are the dynamics.  The way I would think about it Michael was that is just like the U.S. may be two and half year lag with may be the UK being only a year and half behind the U.S. and some of the parts of Eastern and Southern Europe been three years behind the U.S. and sort of the average of Europe being two and half years failing the U.S. same pattern. 
Hamid R. Moghadam: Focus on the core market today in Europe and they will gravitate to the secondary markets over time.  Our next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc. : More questions than -- can you hear me now? 
Hamid R. Moghadam: Michael, its your turn again.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc.: Yeah, I can hear you. Can you hear me?
Hamid R. Moghadam: We can hear you fine.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc.: I thought round two we get more questions, I apologize. I didnt read the rules correctly enough. So just on saying that 
Hamid R. Moghadam: Okay, I may give you two.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc.: Okay. Same-store NOI you presented on the total share what would that be in terms of just Prologis share and were there anything funky going on in the consolidated portfolio on expense recovery is that certainly higher year-over-year and I dont know if it played until the total things stores well?
Thomas S. Olinger: So Michael -- so you are right. What we present is that on demand it's across our entire stack at same-store. I dont have our proportionate share committed to memory, I can certainly follow up on that but it's certainly higher than the owned to manage because of the rails of U.S. waiting. So when you think about our U.S. equity now across 80% that will really drive our underlying earnings. And when you look at how the U.S. is leading the charge on all the operating metrics whether its rent change on rolling in the quarter was 10.4%. So our bottom line our look through would be better than owned to manage.  And then on the expense recovery side as I mentioned earlier there is nothing going on unusual other than Q1 of 13 expenses were higher than normal and that's the trail off that you see this year and going forward for the rest of this year, we dont expect any unusual expense changes and thats going to be the real occupancy and rents driving same store. 
Hamid R. Moghadam: Hey Michael by the way one thing I would add just to philosophically so you understand why we dont crack that number separately is that weve really always operated under this philosophy of one portfolio policy and there -- our people on the field dont really differentiate whether we own 20% or something 50% or something or a 100%or something we run it on ownership blind basis. And the stats are reported on an ownership blind basis for that reason. Thats the only way we can do a good job for our institutional investors. So really the only thing that Mike -- that Tom is talking about is the mix. We have more fund mix in our non U.S. business then our U.S. business. So -- and given that the U.S. is early that the mix would drive you to that conclusion. But we actually dont track those kinds of numbers by ownership type at all.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from the line of David Harris from Imperial Capital. Your line is open.
David Harris - Imperial Capital: Yeah hello, thanks for taking my question. I apologies if you covered this, I was a little late on the call but if I look at your development cost capitalization you are running it fairly close to a $150 million on an annualized basis. Is that cost fully reflected in the development margins that you are quoting on page 23 and 24 of the current development program?
Thomas S. Olinger: Yes it is David and its a good question. I'm actually glad somebody asked it because I get that question at NAREIT all the time. The development margins that we report not only includes capitalized overhead that matches the number that you mention but it also includes a full carry on the entire capital not just on the debt portion that's assigned to that project. So we capitalize carry throughout the development process until it reaches stabilization. So I know some people don't do it quite that way and therefore our margins if they were done in the alternative way would even appear higher than they are today. 
Hamid R. Moghadam: Okay, last opportunity for Michael to ask a question. The line is clear. Hearing none I want to thank you for your time on this call and look forward to talking to you at NAREIT, bye-bye. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-30 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracy A. Ward - Senior Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer Eugene F. Reilly - Chief Executive Officer of the Americas Gary E. Anderson - Chief Executive Officer of Europe and Asia Michael S. Curless - Chief Investment Officer and Chairman of Investment Committee
Analysts: Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division James C. Feldman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David B. Rodgers - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Vance H. Edelson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning my name is Melissa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Prologis Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Tracy Ward, SVP Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Tracy A. Ward: Thank you, Melissa, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2013 conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning, we'll hear from Hamid Moghadam, Chairman and CEO, who will comment on the company's strategy and the market environment; and then from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results and guidance. Additionally, we are joined today by members of our executive team including Gary Anderson, Mike Curless, Gene Reilly and Diana Scott. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I'd like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filing. Additionally, our fourth quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. [Operator Instructions] Hamid, will you please begin?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Thanks, Tracy, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to keep my comments brief at a high level today. We had a great quarter, capping a very strong year. We are seeing strong improving market conditions pretty much around the world. The U.S. markets in particular, have been terrific with record absorption and very low levels of new construction. And against this backdrop, our business has been firing on pretty much all cylinders. Operations were strong with good rent and occupancy growth across the globe. Our development business ended the year with solid volumes and profit margins well ahead of long-term averages. We had a record year in strategic capital with 2 major new ventures, China and the U.S. both closing around year end. Looking forward, we have a very straightforward business plan based on rising rents, value creation through development and economies of scale from growth in AUM. In fact, if you were going to ask me about the prospects for our business compared to last September when we held our Analyst Day, I would have to say that we are well ahead of those expectations. Of course, there are always risks that we can't control such as yield politics, Capitol Hill, the Fed, undisciplined developers. But overall, we feel very good about our business going forward. Our team has worked very hard for the last 3 years to simplify our company and to build a solid foundation for growth. I believe we're at the beginning of a multiyear cycle when our hard work will pay off in terms of great results for our shareholders. Let me now turn it over to Tom and let him fill in some of the specifics for you.
Thomas S. Olinger: Thanks, Hamid. I'll start with our financial results. Core FFO for the fourth quarter was $0.43 per share and for 2013 was $1.65 per share. Our share of value creation from stabilizations was $125 million in the quarter and $372 million for the year were approximately $0.74 a share. Investment management income in the fourth quarter was higher sequentially due to the increase in assets under management and the recognition of a $6 million promote. Moving to operations, it was a great quarter and our results continue to do demonstrate the high quality of our portfolio. We closed the year with occupancy at 95.1%, which was above the top end of our guidance range after leasing a record 44 million square feet during the quarter. GAAP rent change on the rollover was 5.9% and positive across all geographic divisions. Cash rent change on rollover was a negative 2.3%. Same-store NOI increased 2.7% on a GAAP basis and 3% on an adjusted cash basis. Turning to capital deployment. In the fourth quarter, we committed $1.1 billion, with $842 million, our share, in new development starts, building acquisitions and investments in funds and ventures. We reduced our land bank during the year by $300 million to $1.6 billion through development starts of $450 million and land sales of $100 million offset by acquisitions and infrastructure spend. For contributions and dispositions, we completed $1.8 billion in the fourth quarter with $1.4 billion, our share. Subsequent to quarter end, we announced the signing of USLV, our U.S. joint venture with Norges Bank and a contribution of $1 billion of properties to this vehicle. With a large volume of disposition and contribution activity in the fourth quarter, along with the closing of USLV in early January, we generated approximately $900 million of excess cash available to fund 2014 growth. With these contributions, our asset repositioning plan is essentially complete. As we look forward, contributions will be primarily from the stabilization of assets off of our development pipeline while dispositions will be part of a selective culling process. Turning to capital markets. We completed $3.9 billion of activity in the fourth quarter. These transactions were effectively leveraged neutral, but reduced interest cost and extended term. For the full year, the bulk of our capital markets activity focused on the refinancing of our unsecured bonds, effectively lowering the average interest rate by 105 basis points to 4.5% and extending the maturity to over 6 years. We ended the year with leverage modestly higher than we expected, largely due to the timing of the contribution to USLV in January. Look through leverage adjusted for the USLV net proceeds is 35.8%. Going forward, we have a clear runway with no significant debt maturities until 2016. We'll continue to look at opportunities to get after our medium term expirations if the economics make sense. Even in the phase of rising interest rates, we believe we can further extend our maturities and lower our borrowing costs in a meaningful way. Now let's turn to guidance for 2014. We expect year end occupancy to reach between 95% and 96.5%. Consistent with our normal seasonal patterns, we expect occupancy to decline in the first quarter then trend higher over the remainder of the year. We expect further strengthening of releasing spreads in 2014, in line with our rank growth projections. We're forecasting 2014 GAAP same-store NOI to increase between 3% and 4%. We expect investment management income including promotes to range between $200 million and $210 million, while investment management expenses will range between $95 million and $100 million. For FX, we're assuming the euro at $1.35 and the yen at JPY 105 for the entire year. And U.S. dollar net equity at the end of 2014 to range between 85% and 90%. On the expense side, we expect net G&A to range between $230 million and $240 million. This is an increase of 2.5% at the midpoint, which is about half of the expected growth of AUM for 2014. For capital deployment, our 2014 forecast is between $2.3 billion and $3.2 billion. This includes $1.8 billion to $2.2 billion of development starts with 80% our share, and building acquisitions between $500 million and $1 billion with our share at 40%. Turning to contributions and dispositions guidance. We expect contributions to range between $2 billion and $2.25 billion, which includes the January contribution to the USLV with our share at 50% and dispositions to range between $500 million and $750 million with 80% our share. Putting this all together, we expect full-year core FFO to be in the range of $1.74 to $1.82 per share. Core FFO will not be evenly distributed between quarters as Q1 will be lower than the fourth quarter of 2013 given the timing of capital redeployment and seasonality of Q1 lease roll. From a big picture perspective, we're expecting 2014 core FFO growth of 8% at the midpoint of our range driven by rent growth and increased NOI from development stabilization. Netted of the friction to redeploy the $900 million of cash we have to invest. To sum up, we had a great quarter and we have excellent momentum heading into 2014. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brendan Maiorana of Wells Fargo.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask a little bit about how you guys are managing the occupancy relative to pushing rate. I think in 2013, you pushed rate a little bit more and that caused occupancy to lag in the earlier quarters before picking up in Q4. How do you think about the friction between rate and occupancy as you look out in 2014? And can you give us a sense of your pushing rents, what that means in terms of order of magnitude? Is that 5% higher? Is it 10%, is it 15%? Any color on that would be helpful as well.
Eugene F. Reilly: Sure Brendan, it's Gene, let me start with that, and I'll kick it over to Gary. So we're really focused on pushing both of those metrics. And obviously, you see a lot -- you saw a lot of occupancy pick up in the fourth quarter. That wasn't because we switched focus to occupancy from rent growth, really, I would tell you more primarily focus on rent growth. And let me also give you some color into what's going on in the U.S. before I kick it to Gary. So in the U.S., we had a third quarter rent change of 7.4% and that actually increased pretty materially to 8.3% in the fourth quarter. So we're having a lot of success pushing rents. We get very low vacancies in the markets and obviously, low vacancies in the portfolio. Looking into 2014, we'll have a rent change of about 10% overall for the global portfolio during the year. And you're going to see that ramp up materially over the year, particularly in the U.S. where we've got a lot of pricing power. So I'll give it to Gary for the ...
Gary E. Anderson: Yes, Brendan, I'll just say again we are hitting the sweet spot right now. We're going to be averaging 95% to 96%. That's a good place for us to be pushing rents globally. If you look at Asia, today we're sitting at almost 97% occupied and we are pushing rents there. You've seen almost 6% rent change in those markets. In Europe, it's a little bit different story. It's a mixed bag. We're pushing rents where we can, particularly in the U.K. and northern Europe. Some the markets in Central and Eastern Europe. And in other markets, we continue to solve for occupancy. And that's really how it's going to be until we get to again sort of that 95% to 96% level. But even in Europe, we had positive rent change and positive rent change for the second consecutive quarter. So all in all, we're feeling pretty good about our prospects.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Toti of Cantor Fitzgerald.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Maybe I missed this. Did you guys comment on the expense decline in the quarter? Was it a tax adjustment or some sort of weird comp?
Thomas S. Olinger: Yes, David, this is Tom Olinger. I'm assuming you're referring to the drop in operating expenses in the quarter. That was largely driven by a decline in CAM expenses. So we saw a similar decline in revenues. So the drop in CAM expenses moved -- the drop -- overall drop is 4.5%. It moved 3.5% of that 4.5%. And that also knocked down revenues by about 1%. So it was really just an reclass of CAM expenses and revenues and had no impact on the bottom line growth. We also did see about 1% of the decrease was related to better bad debt recovery. So that was a positive that was driving the bottom line.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman of Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Question, Tom, just in terms of the balance sheet. You were very successful last year and you talked about extending your debt duration, lowering your cost. And to do that though, you went in the market and you bought back a lot of bonds. And I think over the course of the year, you had upwards of $300 million of debt prepayment make-wholes and charges, so call it about $0.60 of cash out the door and you'll accrete that balance. And I'm just curious as you think to '14, how aggressive do you want to be at continuing that strategy which is obviously having a near-term positive effect on core FFO, but is cash out the door that you have to accrete over time. And I'm just trying to think about how you're trying to make that tradeoff from an NPV perspective versus a current basis?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Michael, if you don't mind. I'll take that again and remind you of my answer from last quarter. We -- the way we price these things is that the spot time when we're making decision to redeem and reissue at a longer maturity, we try to manage the present value of that entire activity within 1% of the debt amount. So that's up where we start. But the way it actually works is that you end up issuing immediately. But you end up redeeming with a lag. And by just dumb luck, every time we did it last year, interest rates went up in the interim, so actually we ended up instead of incurring a 1% cost, present value cost, we actually ended up ahead on a present value basis. So every transaction was present value positive. Now with respect to its impact on FFO and accounting, you're absolutely correct. That happened to be the accounting limit. But as you know, we don't have a lot to say about what the accounting treatment is. I can assure you that is not a criteria that we look at in making those kinds of decisions.
Thomas S. Olinger: I guess Michael, as we look to 2014, we'll continue to look at our inner maturities and where this math make sense and the economics prove out it's a need. As we said, we'll continue to go after those bonds, because we do have a view that rates are going to go up and we want to get in front of that as best we can. And we think that the long-term benefit to that of locking in those rates is the right thing to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Specter of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
James C. Feldman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Jamie Feldman here with Jeff. So we're -- Hamid, we noticed in your comments you were talking about some of the risks you can't control and one of them was undisciplined developers. So can you talk a little bit about -- more about what you're seeing in terms of that risk? And then your thoughts on kind of how long we are -- how long the cycle continues before we really start to see that become an issue and pressure rents?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Sure, Jamie, the reason I threw it in is that I knew somebody would bring it up in the Q&A so I just wanted to get ahead of it. So here's what I really think. Developers have not forgotten how to build buildings and there are lots of them around. I don't think banks have forgotten how to lend to developers, although they're are a little bit more cautious at the beginning of this cycle. But I'm sure in time, with a couple of good quarters and years behind us, the banks will become less disciplined. So I don't think those are the real reasons why the development loans have been so low. I think the reasons are pretty simple. Their rents have not been there given what's happening to costs of land and costs of construction to develop profitably in many other markets in the U.S. And certainly, rents haven't been there to do any development in the smaller building category, because that sector has been pretty low in occupancy and depressed. And that accounts for a big chunk of the market, normally. Where you've seen development is places like L.A. and Houston and a few other markets where rents have been at the levels that justified new development. So I think -- this is actually good news. I think we'll see muted levels of development. We think development next year could be about around 100 million feet in the U.S. 110 million maybe. And we think absorption is going to be north of $200 million. The gap will be smaller than this year. But a hundred -- I'm sorry, all those dollars are square feet. The gap will be smaller. But still, 100 million square feet of gap is unheard of other than last year or 2, we haven't seen that in our entire career. So I think development is going to ramp up, because more and more markets will reach replacement cost rents. That's good news because if the rents actually get there, while there'll be more competition on the development side, I think we'll do a lot better in terms of capturing those rents. So we fully expect development to ramp up over time. But it'll still be a very good environment if you compare it to the last 30 years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Rodgers of Robert W Baird.
David B. Rodgers - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess maybe for Gene or for Hamid, 4Q commencements, obviously, pretty strong for the portfolio overall, but I'm a little bit more curious about the seasonality and the discussions that you're having today with tenants with housing data a little bit weaker in the fourth quarter, retail sales weaker in the fourth quarter. Now are you seeing any hesitation either on small or big box spaces related to kind of a weaker economic environment in the fourth quarter, are they having any impact on the discussions for first quarter leasing and uptake?
Eugene F. Reilly: Sure, David, it's Gene and Mike might jump in a little bit too. Well, first of all the fourth quarter activity was really, really strong in terms of the leasing. And while -- when the government shutdown took place, there was certainly some concerns a few months ago. But we've actually seen inquiries in overall tenant dialogue increasing dramatically toward the end of the year. And so far, that's continued into this year. So if you look at our starts volume in the fourth quarter I would not attribute that to anything other than it's a normal cycle and the projects we had teed up ready to go happened to start in the fourth quarter. So we remain quite bullish as we look into next year. Candidly, I think we're going to probably do better than we think on the build-to-suit front, because that has picked up. Build-to-suit inquiries tailed off a little bit towards the middle in the fall last year but again, that's all picked up as well. And Mike, I don't know if you have color as well?
Michael S. Curless: Yes I would suggest the pipeline in both the U.S. and Europe are as strong as we've seen here in the last couple of years. And I think the customers' ability is to actually make decisions seems on the increase and so we're bullish relative to just overall activity and our ability to convert that into real volume next year.
Eugene F. Reilly: Let me make one more point on housing because you brought that up. Clearly the housing data has been really spotty. It looks good in 1 month then it tails off. But if we look at where our demand is coming from, it's pretty heavy in that area. So construction materials, furniture and other housing-related activities are clearly leading other segments of our customer base. So maybe they're wishful about the future. I think although, if you look at the overall trends in housing, you're going to see a bad report 1 month. But overall, it's trending in the right direction. And at least our customers are voting with their feet in those segments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Can we spend a couple of seconds on your same-store guidance? Could you help us break it down in terms of what part is coming from same-store revenue and what portion is coming from expenses? Especially, given that there's a couple of moving parts, this look like your first quarter 2014 number will have a unusual expense comp as well, if you could kind of tie that all together for us?
Thomas S. Olinger: Ki Bin, it's Tom. So if you look at the midpoint of our same-store GAAP NOI guidance of 3.5%, about 1.5% of that is going to come through higher occupancy. About 1.5% of that is going to come through rent growth, rent change on rollover, just high rents. And then about 50 basis points is going to come through indexations, where that don't get captured then in straight lines. So if you got a 2% contractual bump every year, now that gets straight line. But if you are going off of the CPI index, for example, that gets picked up. You don't straight line. You can't straight line that component. So those -- that piece of the rent bumps is about 50 basis points. So that's how you get to the 3.5%. Overall big picture. I don't expect to see any significant moves at all in those numbers related to any one-time sort of items or unusual periods. I think it's pretty clean number.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vance Edelson of Morgan Stanley.
Vance H. Edelson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So just following up on the competitive supply in the build-to-suit demand. Back in the third quarter, I think about 2/3 of the development starts were build-to-suits. And that might have been unusually high. But during the fourth quarter, that dropped to less than 30%. So I'm wondering would you chalk that up to natural volatility? Or does such a large swing suggest any increased confidence on your part that the build it and they will come approach is going to be successful, given the demand you're expecting? Or is it that you have an interest in getting ahead of the competitive supply that's inevitably going to come?
Michael S. Curless: This is Mike. I would suggest the last quarter, that's such a small sample supply and mix issue relative to the ratios. As we look forward to this year, we'd anticipate build-to-suits would be in the 25% range, which is lower than we've seen in the past, where our build-to-suits have been in the 40% to 55% range and that actually gives us some encouragement. Given our global platform, our customer reach that there's some built-in bias to the upside relative to our volume associated with build-to-suits.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum of UBS.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: You did a nice job in the fourth quarter of working down the land bank a little bit down to just under $1.6 billion. Can you talk a little bit about what your goal is for year end '14 for where the land bank's going to go given your development start guidance? And then talk to us a little bit about what you think the current market value of that land is today, Hamid, given some of your earlier comments on cost.
Michael S. Curless: This is Mike. Why don't I address the land bank. We did put up significant debt in the bank -- land bank this year about $300 million. Which gets us right in the zone as we've talked about for a couple of years in terms of the ideal size. Our work this year is to continue to improve the quality of that land bank and we're down to the last remaining 15% or so parcels that we'll continue to sell out of the system, and end up with the primary parcels to put in production. And we have sold 170 million last year, we'll do that kind of number again this year. And we will very selectively replenish our land bank with the high-quality sites for those sites we can put in production. And Hamid, do you want to address there.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Sure. I mean, if you just look at our development margins, I think we've talked about this in previous quarters. If you sort of pick a number of 10% for build-to-suit and maybe 14%, 15% for a typical spec deal, given our mix, we should be in the 12%, 13% range and we're substantially higher than that, like 10 points higher than that depending on the quarter. So 10 points of extra margin is coming not because we're great developers, but because we've got cheap land. So 10% on land, which is usually 25% of the overall mix, you could argue, could be 30%, 40% undervaluation of land. Now nobody around here is courageous enough to step up and say our land is 30% or 40% undervalued. And certainly, not all of our land is valued that attractively. But I definitely do think we're around 20% undervalued in terms of book value and there's a big arrow north on that. And while we're on land, let me tell you. Based on what we're seeing in most markets, most of this land that's in our books is probably dates back to 2005 or something like that and went through the cycle and got impaired. So the next series of lands that are going to come up are going to be almost 10 years beyond when this land in the inventory was acquired. The world's really changed in terms of entitlement costs, in terms of what concrete costs and what exactions are and all that. So I think the next series of land that is put -- new land that comes into production is going to have a much, much higher cost than the old land. And that's why I'm so confident about replacement cost continuing to go up and rents alongside with it, and why I'm so optimistic that this development engine that everybody's scared about is not going to very quickly exceed demand. It will, eventually. But I think we've got a couple of 3 years before that happens.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel of Green Street Advisors.
Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: My question is related to the last one that was just asked. But can you talk about the replacement cost and rent concept and given that your -- you've increased your spec at all to start this year. Just where you're underwriting you're current development relative to where rents are being achieved today?
Hamid R. Moghadam: I think we generally perform around the globe on spec deals. Margins today in the mid-teens and we're not projecting a whole lot of rent growth, certainly not beyond inflation. And we're ending up with results that are better than that. I mean, that's been really the summary of the experience over the last 12 to 24 months. But I mean in a normalized market, Eric, I think spec deals should be, certainly in the U.S., should have margins and we'll call it 14%, 15% range. We're definitely getting higher than that in some of the less developed markets like Brazil. So, but it should be in that range.
Michael S. Curless: Our placement costs are moving up, I mean, that's clear in basically all of our market, maybe with the exception of some of the European markets, but replacement costs are definitely heading north, as are rents.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Guinee of Stifel, Nicolaus.
John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: This is, I think, for you, Tom. Kind of a three-part question. First, I think you said in your guidance assumption that net U.S. equity would be 85% to 90%. And if I get -- if I'm getting the definition right, it was 77% per page 30 of your sub. So if I'm correct in saying that, how does it grow from 77% to 85% to 90%? Second is, your GAAP rents appear to be going up around 6% over the last couple of quarters, but your cash is down a little bit, maybe 2% or 3%. Which seems like a pretty widespread for an average lease term of 3.5 to 5 years. So kind of how does that math work? And then third is, does the $6 million promote in your core FFO?
Thomas S. Olinger: Okay. John, I will take that. And we'll let you have a three-part question since we butchered your last name. So on the first on how do we get to 85% to 90% U.S. net equity from 77% today? It's largely going to be from repatriating money. We're -- when we look at funding needs, we're going to continue to push for euro and yen denominated debt and bring down our U.S. dollar denominated debt and move those funds around. And we'll continue to look at hedging opportunities where we see them to be attractive and take advantage of those. So those would be the biggest tools that we can use and obviously, as you know, we've done a lot with moving assets, overseas assets and investment of funds which certainly helps that as well. On your -- I'm going to take your third question here, is this promote income in core FFO? It is. For sure. And your second one...
John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And it was in 2013 too?
Thomas S. Olinger: Yes, it was. It's been throughout 2013. And then your other question, your last question was cash versus GAAP and why that spread? We provide the cash rent change. And as you know, we don't track it. We don't use it to manage our business that way because it can obviously lead to unusual fluctuations, just based on how the lease is structured, whether you have a free rent on the front end or the back end or you -- or how the ramp escalates over time, what really matters from our perspective is what the overall economics of that cash flow stream is over the life of that contractual lease. What it is in month 1 versus what it is in month 60 really doesn't matter. At the end of the day, it's what the economics are over the whole contractual term. So yes, you can get some fluctuations between cash and GAAP between quarters just due to mix and how certain things are structured versus what's rolling off. But I would tell you, looking to '14, I would expect that number to move into positive territory just with where -- with our trajectory of GAAP rent change, I would expect this cash number although we don't forecast it, I would expect it to be positive in '14.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes. And I think that GAAP is going to get closer and closer and I think in about 1 year or 2, it could flip.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa of ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I guess I just wanted to circle back on the development front, Hamid. I know that you guys have really not been driven by a specific development target. But given all the comments that you had this morning about how good the business is, how much rent growth is going up, I guess I'm a bit surprised that the development volume's only up around $100 million. And I guess given some of the comments that Gene made about build-to-suits going up, I guess the question is what's that risk that 1 or 2 quarters from now the development [indiscernible] meaningfully?
Hamid R. Moghadam: So Steve, the way we forecast development volume is that we look at the visibility that we have on deals that are pretty much in the bag. And I would say last year at this time, when we're sitting around and giving you guidance, we had about 60% visibility as to the number for the year. And that number has moved to sort of like 80% visibility on what we have. So we're pretty good with the number, particularly at the lower end of the range. Not that many good things have to happen during the year for us to be able to exceed that. And some good things always happen, some bad things happen. But we're really solid on our development guidance type of numbers. I guarantee you this, if there are good development opportunities in markets that we see that we think we can capture, we're going to take advantage of those. But we're not going to drive to some artificial number to keep the perception of what makes investors happy. We -- we're going to underwrite that as we see it game time decision. And again, go back to my comment, not all markets, in fact, most markets are still not at the level where with today's rents, you can generate acceptable margins. I think that situation will change very quickly. So maybe our numbers for the back half of the year are too conservative. Time will tell. But we'll rather start off the beginning of the year at a conservative level and see how it plays out. So I -- if I were going to say -- if I were a betting person, I would say it would be at the higher end of that range or maybe even higher.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky of RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Hamid, just going back to your opening comment there in terms of, and also factoring kind of the supply. We need to talk about the -- being well ahead in the sector relative to your expectations, does that imply that you -- when you look at the cycle this time, you now expect stronger growth relative to where you had presented at your Investor Day? Or you expect the cycle to be a bit more compressed with development ramping up in the back half?
Hamid R. Moghadam: I think, Michael, that we came out with a pretty aggressive rental forecast based on the feedback we got from the investors. We actually thought we came with a very realistic rental forecast. And by the way, we got the same comments back in 2012 Analyst Day. I think on both of those, the market has played out ahead of what we told you guys. And I think at the time we talked about what our expectations were, people thought we were a little crazy and overly aggressive. I'm just telling you, it's playing out faster. I think ultimately, where these rents go, before they get to equilibrium is purely driven by replacement cost in some of these markets. And I would tell you, replacement cost is also accelerating faster than we thought. So on both those scores, I think it definitely will happen quicker whether ultimately we get more rental growth or not, I'm not ready to forecast that yet. That's still out 3 or 4 years. But so far, the signs are pretty good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller of JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Going to the promotes for a second. Tom, I was just wondering if you could about what's in the 2014 numbers?
Thomas S. Olinger: Okay. For '14 we have a similar level of promote, core FFO promote, so about $0.04 in 2014. And it relates to our USLF venture.
Hamid R. Moghadam: If I can follow up on that, and I think this would be a useful guide for you, because it's very hard to -- for you to get inside our promotes fund by fund and all that kind of stuff. The way I think about it is that we have about $16 billion, $17 billion of third-party capital under management. And most of our -- I mean, we ought to able to do at least 100 basis points over our threshold in terms of preferred return. So if -- and our normal promote participations are 15% to 20%. So the easy way to think about it is that if we outperform by 100 basis points and we get somewhere between 15% or 20% of that for the company, once you net it against the comp effect of that, call it 10% of the excess growth. So call it 10 basis points, call it 10 basis points of $16 billion, $17 billion under management. So we'll be in that 3% or 4% range. It will probably be a little higher in the near term than that. Because A, we're outperforming our benchmarks by more than 100 basis points and B, we're recovering from a pretty deep hole in valuations that are driving returns. But I think over the very long term, it should be on the order of 10 to call it 15 basis points of third party AUM net to the bottom line across the cycle.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan of Cowen Group.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Hamid, given your comments about development and I guess, Tom's comments about the direction of interest rates. I just wonder if you're changing your hurdle rates for development in any of the markets in which you are active?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Jim, we do, constantly. We actually change not so much the hurdles, but the cost of capital in every market that we operate on a quarterly basis based on what's happening in the capital markets and in each of those economies, et cetera. But necessarily, that the margins that we'd like to get over and above the normal cost of capital in terms of investing in operating real estate, those are fairly stable. I mean, so think of it, if you're thinking about it in terms of bond spreads, we definitely have views -- changing views on what the base rate will be. But in terms of what the spread is, that we want to achieve over that, that's fairly constant. And it's in the range of low teens for build-to-suits. I mean, if it's a great credit, 20-year deal with fabulous credit, we might go down to a high single digit margin. But generally, in the low double-digit for build-to-suits and mid-teens for spec deals, pretty much across the board. Places like Brazil, we might tack on a little bit more in Brazil and China to the margin requirement on spec. But that's generally the guideline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman of Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Tom, I was just wondering if you can perhaps just spend a moment just on sources in uses. It looks at least that your share, if you were to take the sales and contributions, you're raising just under $1.6 billion. And then from a use perspective, you have, obviously, the acquisitions of $300 million [ph] and then development on a start basis, $1.6 billion. Though I recognize your spend would be very different. And then you're also contributing land. Though it sounds like from Hamid's response to a prior question you made the land bank at $1.6 billion even if you put in and call it, $300 million to $400 million [ph] of land and for the current developments, you're probably reigniting that. I know you have about almost $500 million of cash and you're going to have some free cash flow next year excess of $100 million. So I'm just trying to figure out how in your mind, you're thinking about sources and uses of capital. For next year or this year.
Hamid R. Moghadam: So Michael, Tom will give you a detailed answer. But the real answer is that we have a bunch of non-strategic assets left that we can sell at any time in a very good market. And that's something that we value. If we need capital, we've got a pretty attractive place where we can go to get that. And that's what our plan will be. But if you'd like, Tom can take you through the details.
Thomas S. Olinger: Yes, Michael, if you -- your numbers are really right on. If you look at our deployment guidance, what we gave in use at the midpoint. You would see net deployment growth of call it $250 million to $300 million, not talking about the land bank. But as Hamid said, we have a lot of ways to fund it. Primarily, we're going to be running our line at virtually 0, most of 2014. So we at any one point in time will be able to tap that $2.5 billion plus of capacity. So we're not concerned about how we fund growth.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes, let me say one other thing about capital needs. I mean, $300 million for acquisitions. As you know, and I've stated many years in a row. Our acquisition guidance were -- is meaningless, I think. Because who knows? I mean, we only -- we might invest 0, if there are no good deals. We might invest $10 billion, if there are really good deals. In fact, the year I said it's 0 to $5 billion, we ended up doing the merger with Prologis. So it could be any wide range of numbers. So we don't really -- we can't really look at our capital planning in such a debit credit kind of way. We got to look at it more strategically and in a broader view.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Question -- 2 quick questions. One on occupancy, you guys are obviously expecting to trend 95% to 96%. Just as we look into 2015, sort of what are the thoughts about where stabilized occupancy could go for the current portfolio that you guys have? And then the other quick question is just, are there any markets where you guys are still have in place rents that are above market? And that could drag as we head into next year?
Eugene F. Reilly: Yes, it's Gene. Let me start with that. First of all, at this point, we don't have any markets in the Americas, at least that have above market rents, I mean Gary can follow up on this. In terms of stabilized occupancy, that number is 95%. Can we run in L.A. within a 2% embedded local vacancy rate, should we run higher than that? Yes. And we will. But overall, 95% is the number you ought to be working with.
Gary E. Anderson: Yes. No, I totally agree 95% to 96% is how we think about the markets and that's again where we can push rents. In Japan and in China, no markets that are over rented today, I would say. Certainly, markets that were active in and trying to grow in. And in Europe, I'd say 3. France, Hungary and Italy, those are the 3 markets that may be over rented today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question. If you look at CDF spreads in Europe, it seems like even the past couple of quarters we're now back down to 2007 levels. Could you comment on any kind of trends you're seeing in cap rates and if those have adjusted in the past 0.5 years or so downwards?
Gary E. Anderson: Yes, if you go back to our Investor Day, we predicted over the 3-year period, we'd see, call it 75 to 80 basis points of cap rate compression. And we said at that time we thought that it might actually move more quickly. We had sort of spread that out over the 3-year period. My view is very clear. It is moving much more quickly than we had anticipated. I'd say, easily, 25 basis points today. And moving in a positive direction relative to values. I have seen more portfolio transactions over the course of the last 12 months than I have in my career in Europe, and there is capital chasing those transactions, so I expect the trend to continue through the balance of this year for sure.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes, I think there'll be a big lag in terms of how the appraisers work through that number and all that. But if you ignore that stuff, cap rates are really falling in Europe and on a real-time basis, much faster than will show up in the appraisals, at least for the next 12 to 24 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel of Green Street Advisors.
Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Just 2 quick follow-ups. Sorry, if I missed this before but Tom, did you disclose your same-store guidance on a cash basis?
Thomas S. Olinger: No. We did not. But I'll tell you. So cash same-store for next year should be a little above 4%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Specter of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
James C. Feldman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Jamie Feldman with Jeff again. Tying in for the last cap rate question in Europe, can you talk also about the appetite for assets that you're seeing both in the U.S. and Asia and what you're seeing in terms of cap rates, maybe changes in underwriting assumptions and what's happening, how people are thinking about the rising interest rates any impact on valuations?
Hamid R. Moghadam: We have seen no impact -- well, we've seen actually a little bit of a positive impact on valuations in the U.S. I would say cap rates on core assets are down probably since in the last quarter by maybe 10-ish basis points. And on secondary market assets, maybe a little bit more than that, maybe 25 basis points. As I've said before, I really think other than short-term blips and like in May, I think until interest rates 10-year bond gets to the mid 4s, I think we're good on cap rates in the U.S. I don't expect further compression, but I certainly don't expect expansion. And that's 150 basis points above where we are today, and maybe a little bit more in terms of room on the treasury on the 10-year treasury before we have to worry about CapEx. In Europe, you heard the discussions. I won't go over that. I think maybe there's been a little bit of cap rate expansion maybe on the order of 10 basis points, probably in a place like Brazil or maybe even Mexico, given the EM situation. In Japan, oh my god. I mean, you look at the disconnect between public markets and private markets. I mean, cap rates are, in the public markets are, I don't know, 120 to 150 basis points below where they are in private markets. So I think that will continue to drive cap rates in Japan down. And in China, there isn't enough visibility in terms of transaction volume to be able to report on that with certainty. But I think it's down a tiny smidgen if I were going to pick a number.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky of RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Question for Tom. Just beyond the Norges U.S. joint venture formation there. Do you expect any additional funds for JV formation in 2014 as part of your 2% to 2.5% contribution of forecast?
Thomas S. Olinger: No, Michael, we do not. There would be 2 existing vehicles and as you've seen from the capital raising we've done over the year, a record capital raising. And with the very low leverage to no leverage in these vehicles, we are -- they are -- have a lot of capital and are hungry to grow.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Guinee of Stifel, Nicolaus.
John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Mike, Carlos has just given all the questions about cap rates and portfolios and all that. What's the status on the IIT portfolio?
Michael S. Curless: John, they actually pronounced your name correctly, but I will not be able to respond to that as you know we can't talk about any.
John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: What's the IIT portfolio?
Michael S. Curless: Yes, potentially new acquisitions. Sorry.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Brendan Maiorana of Wells Fargo.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: For Tom. Tom, the capital outlook for the year, you talked a lot about that, kind of leveraged neutral throughout the year. If I think about the timing of that, I guess with the USLV venture, I would think that there is more capital coming in the door early in the year and then you put more of that out throughout the year. So if I look at the overall 8% FFO growth year-over-year compared to the kind of the 10% FFO growth that you guys had provided at your Investor Day, should we kind of think that there's an increasing ramp in the rate of growth, sort of in the back half of the year relative to the first half of the year?
Thomas S. Olinger: Absolutely, Brendan. If you look at the components of the growth. If you use Q4 '13 as a -- compared to the midpoint of our guidance. If Q4 annualizes about $1.70, so if you want to grow that $1.70 to the midpoint of our $1.78, you've got about $0.09 from same-store growth, you've got $0.08 from development NOI growth. And then you have about $0.08 of drag or friction from redeploying that cash. As I said in my prepared remarks, we have about $900 million of cash. We ended the year with about $450 million and we generated another about $450 million with the USLV transaction. So as I said, earnings in Q1 will be down for the Q4 run rate and then we're going to ramp back up. And then particularly to your point in the second half, we'll -- we should see core FFO ramp significantly.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes, Brendan the only thing I would add to that, I think just to tie it to our investor conference and our forecast for that. Even though we -- we're talking about sort of a 4-year timeframe, within the 4 years, it certainly is more backend oriented because it doesn't have the dilution upfront. And the interesting thing is, given the recovery in rents, and I'm not talking about projected further recovery in rents. But just the recovery that we had to date in rents. Just like on the way down, it takes a while for the numbers to get marked down, on the way up, it takes a while for the numbers to get marked up. So I think whatever momentum is going to come through in this rental growth, is going to benefit us for many, many years. So we -- if we're going to forecast that again today, we would just still say that the 4-year ramp is more backend oriented too, not just within the year, but also within the 4 years. Anyway, that was the last question. Thank you for participating in our call. I know today's a busy day. So we'll let you go. Thank you and see you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-23 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracy A. Ward - Senior Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer Eugene F. Reilly - Chief Executive Officer of the Americas Michael S. Curless - Chief Investment Officer and Chairman of Investment Committee
Analysts: Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Vance H. Edelson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division James C. Feldman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gabriel Hilmoe - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division George D. Auerbach - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jonathan M. Petersen - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David B. Rodgers - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Prologis Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Tracy Ward, Senior Vice President Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Tracy A. Ward: Thank you, Tiffany, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2013 conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning we'll hear from Hamid Moghadam, Chairman and CEO, who will comment on the company's strategy and market condition; and then from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results and guidance. Additionally, we are joined today by our executive team including Gary Anderson, Mike Curless, Nancy Hemmenway, Guy Jaquier, Ed Nekritz, Gene Reilly and Diana Scott. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I'd like to quickly state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to our forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filings. I'd also like to state that our third quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO, EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures, and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. [Operator Instructions] Hamid, will you please begin?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Thank you, Tracy, and good morning, everyone. It's only been a month since our Investor Forum, so we'll keep today's remarks brief and focus on the company's growth objectives, real-time market conditions and results. As you know, our strategy going forward is simple. Our focus is on 3 growth drivers, which are: number one, capitalizing on rental recovery; number two, putting our land bank development expertise and customer relationships to work within value; and number three, leveraging our global scale. Let's take these one at a time starting with rent. We expect significant organic rent growth to come from the U.S. and Europe over the next 4 years. In fact, this is already materializing, as we realized the 6.1% increase in net effective rents on rollovers this quarter. The supply/demand indicators that we've been discussing for some time are coming in even stronger than we expected. U.S. net absorption for the quarter was 55 million square feet, running almost 3x the volume of completions. We're further increasing our 2013 net absorption forecast for the U.S. to 200 million square feet, up from 180 million square feet. This will be the highest level in absorption since 2006, and still significantly below the norm for expansion. This means there may still be some upside to this forecast based on what we're hearing from our customers. Space utilization in our facilities continues to trend higher, setting another record in the quarter. This means that our larger customers are short on space and unable to handle their current needs, much less their future growth. Now let's look at supply. While there's no question that supply is increasing, it's important to remember that we're starting from the basement. The financial crisis drove construction to its lowest level since World War II. We are expecting 65 million square feet of completion this year, the majority of which are build-to-suits or are pre-released. To put this in perspective, these completion rates are very low in relation to the projected net absorption for the year. This record deficit of 135 million square feet doesn't even take into account product obsolescence. As a result of this excess demand, we're forecasting the U.S. market vacancy rate to drop to 7.3% by year end, matching its prior cycle low in 2007. Pulling this all together, our sector has substantial room for growth. You may recall from our previous commentary that the recovery of investor of fundamentals has lagged the recovery of the macro economy. Occupied space rents only 1% above its 2007 level while imports are 9% higher and GDP consumption and population are all 5% to 6% higher. Turning elsewhere in the Americas. Despite a slowing overall economy in Brazil, demand for modern logistics base remain strong as the company need to serve the growing consumer market. In Mexico, the logistics market is a strengthening with growth from domestic consumption and exports to the U.S. Moving to Europe. Operating fundamentals continue to improve, and for the first time in 4 years, sentiment among our customers is trending positive. Net effective rents are growing and recovery is broadening to more markets. Rent growth combined with declining cap rates will lead to a strong recovery in European values. Demand in China is accelerating. We see new requirements from domestic retailers and e-commerce customers. Vacancy rates are extremely tight and growth rate -- and the growth in rents are quite strong with some submarkets well above 10% year-over-year. In Japan, demand has kept pace with supply but leasing velocity is beginning to exceed our expectations. With the 2020 Olympics and improving economic environment and tightening market conditions, we expect to see increases on rents in excess of forecast. As we look forward, we see several years of favorable market conditions across all our markets, pushing occupancy to levels last seen in the 90s, supporting our seasons of an extended period of rental growth. I'd now like to return to our value creation activities. The lack of supply and increasing rents continue to drive our development starts. During the quarter, we started 17 new projects, totaling $494 million globally with an estimated development margin of 19%, 2/3 of these were build-to-suit. We stabilized $500 million of development projects with an estimated margin of 38%, creating $190 million of value. We will surely grow through our value creation objectives for the year. The high-profit spread is driven by the surge in rents and low-land basis. While we don't expect to sustain this level of margins indefinitely, they will remain elevated for some time to come. The current level clearly supports the fact that the book value for our land is significantly below its fair market value. By a way of reminder, only 1 analyst is currently ascribing any value to our development platform in this any recalculation, in spite of consistent profitability of these businesses and some relevant recent comps in the marketplace. Turning to the third area of growth, we'll use our scale to expand in our existing markets and increase our profitability. We have the capacity to take on $10 billion in overall assets in our existing markets without a substantial increase in G&A. In the third quarter, we grew the platform by more than $1 billion and reduced the ratio of G&A to AUM from 70 to 68 basis points. Although this metric will bounce around between quarters, we expect to improve on with this ratio as we continue to grow our role assets. Looking to strategic capital, the third quarter marks our largest single quarter in the history of capital raising for our open and fund business. We see an important dynamic on probing. Small to mid-size investors are committing new capital and considering allocations at levels not seen since the global financial crisis. What we hear from them is that they're underallocated to investor real estate and seeking general partner will keep operating in sector experience. Looking ahead, we have a healthy investment key with strong interest evidenced by a number of investors in various stages of due diligence. To sum up, we are very optimistic about the recovery in the global investor and real estate market. We are well positioned to take advantage of the unique opportunity that legally will arise through this -- through the strength of our platform. With that, I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas S. Olinger: Thanks, Hamid. This morning, I'll focus my comments on 3 areas: first, results for the quarter; second, a review of deployment and capital markets activity; and third, an update on guidance for the remainder of the year. Starting with our financial results for the third quarter, core FFO was $0.41 a share, in line with our expectations. From a core FFO run rate perspective, Q3 was up about $0.02 from Q2, excluding the promote we recognized last quarter. This higher sequential run rate was driven by the deployment of proceeds from our first half contributions and equity offering. During the quarter, we stabilized $500 million in developments with $165 million, our share value creation representing a 38% margin. We continue to see improvement in our operating portfolio metrics this quarter. Occupancy was 93.9%, up 20 basis points from the second quarter. Spaces over 250,000 square feet remain effectively sold out with occupancy at 98.2%. For spaces less than 100,000 square feet, occupancy was 90%, up 60 basis points sequentially. We saw a significant increase in average lease term for the quarter at 59 months, which was driven by leases signed for build-to-suit projects. Rent growth continues to accelerate broadly. GAAP rent changes on rollover was 6.1%, up 210 basis points sequentially, and evident across all geographic divisions and space sizes, as well as new and renewal leases. It's important to point out that our rent change calculation includes all leases signed during the quarter greater than 30 days for both new and renewal leases and regardless of how long the spaces were vacant. As we stated before, we think the most meaningful metric is net effective rent change. However, to provide you with perspective, cash rent change on rollover was a positive 0.4%, up 380 basis points sequentially. For the quarter, same-store NOI increased 1.4% on a GAAP basis and 1.8% on an adjusted cash basis. Same-store NOI will lag releasing spreads given that the NOI results we report in the third quarter primarily relate to leases signed in the first half the year. Moving to Investment Management, income was higher this quarter by almost $5 million due to growth in assets under management, primarily related to contributions to our J-REIT. On a go forward run rate basis, Investment Management income will grow in line with assets and fluctuate with these associated with fund deployment and promotes. Turning to our deployment activity in the third quarter. We had contributions and dispositions of $792 million with $361 million, our share. We invested $1.9 billion in building and land acquisitions, development starts and equity investments in our ventures with $1.5 billion, our share. Subsequent to quarter end, we acquired our venture partners of approximate 80% interest in the SGP Mexico fund. We had an opportunity to acquire these high-quality assets before the end of the investment period and are pleased to rationalize another fund. Moving onto capital markets' activity in the quarter. We continue to make significant progress in lowering our borrowing costs and extending our debt maturities, providing us with further flexibility to fund growth. In the third quarter we completed approximately $6.3 billion of capital markets transactions including debt financings, refinancings and pay downs. This included the upsizing of our 2 global lines of credit, the issuance of new senior notes and attentive. As a result of this activity, we lowered our weighted-average GAAP interest rate by about 30 bps and increased the weighted average term by nearly 6 months. Our next significant debt maturity is not occurring until October 2014, and after that, we have no material maturities until 2016. As a reminder, the weighted average GAAP interest rates shown in our supplemental for unsecured bonds and secured mortgage debt is approximately 5.1%, which compares to a coupon rate for this debt over the next 5 years of 6%. As we discussed at our investor forum, even in a rising interest rate environment, we have an opportunity to refinance or debt, extend term and continue to reduce borrowing costs in a very meaningful way. We did see a temporary increase in leverage this quarter given timing around deployment. At quarter end, our look through leverage was 37.9%, net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 7.7x and fixed charge coverage increased to 2.6x. We continue to expect to end the year with look through leverage below 35% and debt to adjusted EBITDA under 7x. Now let me turn to guidance for the remainder of 2013. For operations, our previous GAAP same-store NOI range was between 1.5% and 2.5%. As we've discussed on prior calls, we've been focusing on driving rent growth over occupancy, which temporarily impacts same-store NOI in the short term but propels it in the long-term. We expect to be at the low end of this range for the full year. We expect year-end occupancy will range between 94% and 95%. For FX, we're assuming the euro at 1.35 and the yen at 98 [ph] for the fourth quarter. On expense side, we're forecasting our net G&A to range between $228 million to $232 million. For capital deployment, we're narrowing our 2013 forecast to range between $3.8 billion to $4.1 billion. This includes development starts of $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion for the year, which implies $600 million to $700 million in the fourth quarter, with our share of approximately 75%. This range is lower at the top and versus our previous guidance as a result of timing. Building acquisitions of $800 million to $1 billion for the year with $120 million to $320 million occurring in the fourth quarter with our share of about 45% and $1.2 billion of equity investments in our funds, which we completed as of the end of the third quarter. We're not expecting to make any further significant fund investments for the rest of the year. Switching to development stabilizations. We expect to stabilize about $1.4 billion in 2013 and an estimated margin of approximately 28%, generating our share value creation of $350 million. For contributions and dispositions, we're maintaining our guidance of $8.5 billion to $10 billion. Year-to-date, we've completed $6.6 billion. This leaves $1.9 billion to $3.4 billion for the fourth quarter with our share of the proceeds at about 80%. The remaining activity relates to contributions in Europe and Japan and dispositions in the U.S. and Japan. In addition, this range also includes a couple of potential transactions that could materialize by year end. Now putting all of this together, using the midpoints of our deployment, contributions and disposition guidance, we will generate approximately $1.6 billion, our share of net proceeds in the fourth quarter. We are narrowing our full year core FFO guidance to $1.64 to $1.66 per share, which implies Q4 core FFO range between $0.41 and $0.43 a share. Before I turn it back to Hamid, I want to highlight 2 new enhancements in our supplemental this quarter. The first relates to disclosure on stabilized value creation. As we shared at the Investor Forum, transparency into our ability to create value through development is a key to understanding this important business. This disclosure will allow you to gauge our ability to consistently create value from development over the long term. The second disclosure highlights our net equity exposure by currency. Our U.S. dollar and equity at quarter end was 73% and we've continued to expect to be at approximately 82% by year end. With that, I'll turn it back to Hamid.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Thanks, Tom. Let me close by summarizing the key takeaways from our call. Absorption in the U.S. is outpacing supply and vacancy is dropping faster than we expected, supporting the case for an extended period of significant rental growth. For Europe, the rental recovery combined with what we believe to be a significant cap rate compression over the next 12 months, is expected to lead with strong recovery in values. And the combination of rental growth to profitable buildout of our land bank and improvements in efficiencies resulting from scale, set us up nicely for an extended period of robust earnings growth. Let's open up the call to your questions. Tiffany?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brendan Maiorana with Wells Fargo Securities.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I want to ask a question about the same-store, appreciate the update on the guidance, Tom. If I'm thinking about it correctly in what you guys have done year-to-date, it still implies a pretty big ramp in Q4 and given that you're focused a little more on rent growth than occupancy growth, just wondering, how you get there and can you also provide a little bit of commentary on why the operating expenses seem to be higher in '13 versus '12 and what that may do as we go into next year.
Thomas S. Olinger: Okay, Brendan, thanks. On same-store, you're right, we think we're going to end at the low end of our range and we've been focusing on rent change, for sure, on our rents and not so much on occupancy. And we've seen occupancy be a little below where we thought it would be, hence, the low end of the guidance. But we feel very good about the trend. If you look at our GAAP same-store throughout the year, 0.3% in Q1 to 0.7% in Q2, then now 1.4%, we're on a very positive trajectory. The other thing to note, if you look at rent change, the rent change figure we report reflects signings in the quarter, and the signings are typically 3 to 6 months in advance of the effective date, so there's a natural lag between the rent change we're reporting today in Q3. And when that will actually come through our NOI is a couple of quarter lag. So you put those together, we feel good about the trajectory of our same-store growth. On the expense side, I think there's nothing systemic going on at all. On expenses, it's just timing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vance Edelson with Morgan Stanley.
Vance H. Edelson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A lot of skeptics out there are surprised at the continued strong absorption, just given a fairly tepid U.S. economic recovery and disappointing job growth, which ultimately should weigh on the shipment of goods. How are you feeling about the continued strength of the economic recovery based on your conversations with tenants? And also, how do you feel about your own ability to outperform?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Vance, I don't think we're outperforming, nor is the industrial market outperforming. I think there's a false impression out there that I'd like to correct, and I tried to do it in the prepared remarks. In occupied industrial space is only 1% prior to where it was in 2007. Yet imports are 9% higher, GDP consumption, every other measure, people, just population, every other measure drive industrial demand, it's 5% to 6% higher. So we still got another 4% to grow before we catch up with the other economic parameters. So we're not ahead of any economy. We're behind and hopefully, quickly catching up, but still pretty significantly behind. So I think it will last longer. Whenever the U.S. economy normalizes, I think industrial demand is going to exceed that for some period of time until it gets back into North. It's very simple.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
James C. Feldman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Jaime Feldman with Jeff. So I guess with fundamentals a little bit ahead of what you guys originally thought, what does this mean for your prospects for development starts and timing to reach kind of your peak outlook for development starts?
Hamid R. Moghadam: We don't have a peak outlook for development starts. What we've said for about 3.5 years is that we expect in a normalized year, development to be about $2.5 billion. That's really a buildup of individual market opportunities as our people see them. That is not a target. We're not shooting to any given target. That's what we think it will be across the cycle. And frankly, we'll get there whenever we get there. I mean -- and we may exceed it for a period of time, we may fall short over a period of time. It's not the target. The good news is that we're making $300 million to $400 million in that business and none of that is reflected in any kind of valuation. So I guess it's not a very sensitive number.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gabe Hilmoe with UBS.
Gabriel Hilmoe - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Tom, on the disposition and contribution guidance, how should we think about Mexico and the Mexican REIT for that equation? I'm just trying to get a sense of the pieces to get your guidance.
Thomas S. Olinger: Well the -- Mexico is not in our guidance at all.
Hamid R. Moghadam: I think another way of saying that is that there isn't any change in Mexico anticipated in our guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Auerbach with ISI group.
George D. Auerbach - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: The cash spread will spread -- clearly improved this quarter. As we look out to 2014, how do you see cash rent spreads can trend? I'm sure the spreads will improve, but any color as to how positive you think they can be?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes, George, as we've talked about before, we actually don't think that's an important number. And here's why. Because I think this is a really important question and we're not apartments, we have leases that are usually 5 years in duration. So take a normal situation where you have a 5-year lease with 2% escalations every year, okay? The ending rent on that lease from a cash point of view will be 10% higher than the beginning rent on that lease, just very simply. And if the market keeps going at 2%, that starting number for the new lease will be identical to the ending number for the old lease. So if we're doing our job and getting escalations in all the leases that we signed, that metric will always be 0, which is pretty disappointing. However, if we did something less optimal, we signed flat leases for 5 years and never got any rental escalations, that statistic would look great because it would say 10% change on lease expirations. So I don't understand for the life of me why that metric is important. And we don't spend any time projecting it. So I really, in all honesty can't answer your question because it doesn't really drive any value in our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with KeyBanc Capital.
Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Hamid, just one -- curious about your comment in the release about tenants kind of just taking space where they need now or not expansion space. Just with rents going higher and absorption continuing and good space is being taken up here, kind of what's going to drive beneath them to take a little bit of perspective space for growth in their business, just curious what tenants are saying.
Hamid R. Moghadam: So Craig, that's a really good question. A day or 2 after we had -- or actually a day or 2 before we had our Investor Forum with you guys, we actually had the top customers from around the world here in San Francisco and we were trying to get their perspective and share with them ours. I think what's going on is that companies are laser focused on margins and costs because their revenue growth has been anemic, so they try to basically produce the bottom line by being really vigilant on cost. They've been doing that for 4 or 5 years and frankly, they're out of opportunities to do that. They would like to do more of it but they can't. So anytime somebody has to make a decision, okay, do I build 1 million square foot warehouse, which is probably going to be a $70 million investment with another $100 million of inventory and improvements in it, ultimately to run my business. That's a pretty big capital investment that the CEO has to make. And if the CEO is reading the same newspapers as we are, he's going to say, "Okay, let's just try to lease a little bit more, extend our lease, can we get the adjacent space in the same building or something." But they're trying to avoid making that big CapEx decision. And by and large, I would say they were successful until about a year or 2 ago. They can't anymore. They're just drifting at the same. So the opportunity becomes losing business. I think 1.5% vacancy in buildings larger than 250,000 feet really tells you something about how tight this space is and how high the utilization rate is. I think if we get a bit of small business formation going that affects the smaller buildings, 100,000 feet and lower, I think you could see these occupancy rates go up in excess of 95%, 96% pretty quickly, because the supply side is not going to be able to catch up with us that quickly. So we think it's a pretty interesting dynamic. People are trying to defer major capital investments as much as they can, but they can't anymore. They've got to take space. And you're seeing it for some of the large players. Gene, do you have any perspective you want to add to that?
Eugene F. Reilly: Yes, I think the only area we're seeing some kind of forward thinking is really in online retailers. So a lot of build-to-suit demand, as all of you know, is coming from that segment where it's, basically, a new business line and in some cases, it's very defensive, a lot of the bricks and mortar retailers, you're going to see a lot of build-to-suit demand from traditional bricks and mortar retailers trying to compete with Amazon and that's defensive. So in those cases, you're going to see them wanting to take more space and making capital investment. But otherwise, I mean, it's right. They've been reluctant to do so. But when your utilization rate is peaked out and the market vacancies are low, you don't really have any choices.
Michael S. Curless: I'd just add that, I think a customer said that it's a little bit different geography to geography. If you think about Europe, for example, there has certainly been a return of confidence in Europe but it's still a mixed picture. But generally speaking, I think things are improving. You look at Japan, I mean, customer sentiment is very high in Japan today first because of the Abe economic policies and now because of the 2020 Olympics, so very, very positive sentiment there. And in China, sentiment hasn't changed in a while, it's just very, very strong. And in fact, again, a day or 2 ago, GDP came out, it was 7.8% [ph] as opposed to 7.7%. So again, pretty strong sentiment in Asia in general.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. Tom, I just had a question, just sort of putting all the pieces together in your guidance but also thinking about the run rate. So you had about $0.41 of core FFO in the quarter, your guidance for the year implies, let's call $0.42, $0.43, I recognized the year share count was a little bit higher than the first few quarters, but somewhere in that range of $0.42, $0.43, yet you have $1.6 billion of dispositions in terms of proceeds and I don't know what you're doing with that money, not only thinking about what's happening in the fourth quarter, but as you move forward into 2014, The Street currently is at $1.78, almost $0.45 a quarter. How do you sort of make the leap from where you are today to that point, but also even into the fourth quarter with the deleveraging that's occurring?
Thomas S. Olinger: Well as you look forward, we will be redeploying that capital that we're generating in the fourth quarter but there will be a time lag, but you have to remember, when you look at our earnings from a run rate perspective, we're stabilizing $1.4 billion of real estate in 2013. That comes into producing NOI. We continue to have rent growth. We've seen it. The same-store is following that but it's coming. And we also have the effect of discontinued deleveraging. The impact of what we've done in the last, really, 3 quarters from an interest rate perspective now is coming through full force. So there will be a lag in redeploying that capital, probably in the first quarter of next year as we look out. But I think we'll get right back on track and we've got other drivers i.e. development stabilizations and rent growth that help offset that.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of John Guinee with Stifel.
John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just to focus a little bit on net asset value. It looks to me as if your FFO and AFFO numbers are based on about 504.5 million share denominator. But then when I look at Page 32, you list your common stock as 498.6 million shares, and then when I go back into the supplemental, you have the effect of some exchangeable debt. So your total share count is about 517 million shares. Can you help us sort of walk through the differences here, specifically on the correct denominator for an NAV analysis?
Thomas S. Olinger: The correct denominator would be the smaller of the 2 numbers because what you're seeing is that the impact of, effectively, converting our convertible debt. That convertible debt that sits out there, the denominator and the larger when it's 500 million plus, assumes that, that those shares are exercised to convert that debt. So it's clearly the -- that is the main driver of the difference. And when you look at our NAV page, you should be using the 498 million, that is the right number to use for NAV.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Petersen with MLV Company.
Jonathan M. Petersen - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: I appreciate in your disclosure around the development value creation page and supplemental. Can you help us quantify, I'm kind of curious, how much of the 38% margin this quarter is directly related to the lower land bank value? And then also, can you just kind of walk us through how you underwrite developments to get to the 19% forecast on margins for start this quarter? I'm trying to get a sense of like, how you guys think about cap rates going forward, rents, do you use today's rents or projected rents, just trying to get a sense of how conservative that is given how large margins are today.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Generally the way we underwrite development deals is that we use our market forecast for rents, the same market forecast that drive our operating assumptions and all that. So they could be flat, they could be up. In majority of cases, today they're up, and actually we've been exceeding those expectations and pretty much most of the development that we've been stabilizing. So in other words, we've been underestimating rental growth. Cap rates, by and large, we don't underwrite cap rate compression in our developments at all. In fact, I would say that in a few of them right now we have baked in some cap rate -- slight cap rate expansion. So I think the normal margins, as you've heard me say many times, I think in a normalized market when you're buying land at markets, for spec should be around 15 and for a very high credit build-to-suit should be as low as 10, so the average should be 12, 13, 14, depending on the mix. So you can think of -- forget about the 38. The 38 is just a goofy number in some unusual cases. It's real money but it's not a sustainable number. I think, yes, we've been averaging in the high teens, call it 19, and if the average is 14, should be, that means there's 5 points of excess margin and if land is 25% of the total investment, 5 points on 25% means that your land is undervalued by 20%. That's the quick math. It depends on parcel by parcel, but that would be the quick math. So I don't know, our land bank is $1.8 billion, and if you apply the 20% to it, you could argue that it's worth $350 million, more than that.
Thomas S. Olinger: The only other comment we might want to make is that we've taken our weighted average cost of capital for every geography.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Right. So the margin is after an overhead allocation and it's also after full carry at the cost of capital of a given market, which would be, for example, higher in China and Brazil than it would be in the U.S. and Japan..
Thomas S. Olinger: Which differs from the GAAP carrier rate that gets reported.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes, and it's higher.
Thomas S. Olinger: Yes and just to finish the last part of his question, relative to the pool of the stabilizations, those 2 facilities that were driving the numbers higher by over 2/3 of the tank well [ph] was well over 20% and I'd suggest that those all had implied increase land value as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Eric Frankel with Green Street Advisors.
Eric Frankel - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: I was just wondering, one, if you can just go over why CapEx seems to be a little bit elevated relative to historical figures? And 2, just noted that there weren't any starts from Japan this quarter, just wondering if there is any supply concerns there?
Eugene F. Reilly: Eric, it's Gene. I'll take the capital. In a couple of calls ago, we talked about this. If we look at a CapEx overall, that trailing fourth quarter number is ticking up a little bit. But remember, that takes into consideration lease expenses and turnover costs, which tend to be volatile, and those are going to be going up on a dollar basis because we're signing longer leases and higher rents, and that's going to trigger higher commissions, and probably slightly higher TI. But the best way to take a look at that is on Page 15 of the supplemental, where we talked about turnover costs as a percentage of the value of the lease because that's the right metric to think about. We're investing this capital to get in return, a lease, and that's actually declining quarter-over-quarter. I think that's probably going to stay at the sort of low 7s. But in terms of overall capital, as I said, we were ticking along at 12% through the last year or so, that's up to 14%, 15%, close to 15% right now. That will settle out 13% to 14% in the long-term. And it may take a quarter or 2 to get there, the reason for that is, we're -- through our dispositions and repositioning program, we're reducing the age of this portfolio, increasing the quality. And that has a significant effect on our normal capital that we spend, roofs and parking lots. So it's elevated this quarter but over the long-term, you're going to see that come down to 13%, 14%.
Thomas S. Olinger: And Eric, with respect to Japan, we started 2 buildings in Japan, couple $100 million. We said, generally speaking, that we would expect to start somewhere in the range of $400 million to $500 million per year and that's still our general view. I am not at all concerned about demand and supply in Japan. They're still well-balanced. The new deliveries that are coming to market are basically ending up being pre-leased as they come to market. And you will see a slight uptick in 2014 in terms of vacancy rates, they're going to move from call it 1% to 2%, to call it 4% or 5%, but that's still very, very low. So we're pretty comfortable with Japan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan with Cowen.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Can you share with us the cap rate on the buyout of your partner in Mexican fund?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Jim, we can't for confidentiality reasons. But you're a smart enough guy, you can figure it out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Can you discuss -- give a little bit of color on leasing trends in Europe for the quarter there? And then also just give any amount of influence you've seen into the investment management business there? Rich, specifically, for European funds, can you just give us a sense of what kind of the return expectations are, for the [indiscernible] coming in?
Thomas S. Olinger: Well in terms of leasing activity, I think leasing has been pretty consistent in Europe. I actually feel good about where our occupancy levels are today. We've maintained 93% occupancy levels throughout the year and that percentage is actually going to increase, I think by year end. If you really dig into it though to see what's happening in Europe, you really have to take a deeper look at each one of the countries. We're operating in 14 different countries there. Only 3 of those countries are below 90% occupancy levels today. So in those markets we're solving for occupancy, and those markets are the markets that we've talked about before: Spain, Italy and Hungary. Spain, for example, has increased in occupancy, 700 basis points over the course of the last year. And in the other markets like the U.K., Germany, Sweden, Slovakia, some of the stronger markets where you see occupancies at 97%, 98% 99%, we're pushing rents. So again, I think that the leasing trend is positive and the rent growth trends, generally speaking in Europe, is positive as well. In terms of new investor activity, there's been a ton of investor interest in our funds. We've seen that manifest itself over the course of the quarter in terms of new investment. Return expectations, I think, would probably be in the -- for core, in the 8% to 9% range.
Unknown Executive: On leverage.
Thomas S. Olinger: On leverage, sorry.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It looks like the Japan sequential occupancy dipped from Q2. Was that a mix issue or is that something else in there driving it down?
Thomas S. Olinger: A single building issue. We had a 620,000 square foot building come vacant in Sentrar [ph]. It was a consolidation play, nothing to be concerned about. I'm happy with that building coming back. We'll get it leased up and that will look great again shortly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Rodgers with Baird.
David B. Rodgers - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Follow-up on some of the smallest space leasing trends maybe since May or April of earlier this year, I guess one would be a clarification question, do you include your development leases in the average length and the TIs that you quote? Maybe Tony can give us some color on that, and then I think the second part of that is really, you got a higher margin length of deals you're signing, you're singing larger deals as you said, does that imply that you're seeing more challenges on leasing up the smaller space? And can you give us some more color about the small space leasing, particularly in the last 6 months?
Thomas S. Olinger: Dave, our leasing activity and the average trend does also include our development leasing.
Eugene F. Reilly: And David, it's Gene, I'll take the second part of the question, and I think Gary will provide some color, too. What we've really banked on in the small space leasing, in the U.S., we had a 90 basis points over the quarter, by the way, in sub 100,000 square foot units. We've been banking on the housing recovery, that's been a pretty good recovery, until the last couple of months where, if you look at the headline numbers, the broad macroeconomic numbers, that's flat total a little bit, but I think that's a normal reaction to interest rates frankly spiking during the spring and early summer. And we think this is going to resume and our customer activity tells us that, that you'll see a continual increase in home building activity. So we are, I'm going to be really clear on this one, we're really bullish about small space leasing, and it's really broad based. All of our markets in the Americas right now are active in terms of small spaces. So we don't have any laggers anymore. Places like Chicago and Atlanta, which have been really slow to recover and particularly in that segment are active. And we push rents 6% over the quarter in that segment. And finally, we'll see, obviously small business job formation is going to be the future for that segment of our portfolio. We'll see how that plays out over the next couple of years. And one thing to remember, the discount to replacement cost rents in that segment is more significant than any other. There's 0 construction virtually in that segment and as it does recover, that's our best chance to push rents in the portfolio. So we're bullish at this point and the activity right now is pretty good, despite what you see in the headlines.
Hamid R. Moghadam: And just, with respect to the average lease term, it did go from 49 to 59 this quarter, it is driven really by the build-to-suit leasing. If you look at the operating portfolio leases, they were about 45 months, the development leases were really 140 months, skewed somewhat by a large deal that we did in the U.K. with Sainsbury a build-to-suit that was a million square feet and 25-year lease. So I think again it's underscoring that there's really limited opportunities in the greater than 250,000 square foot category and customers are having to go to build-to-suits, big buildings, long-term leases and they happen to pay replacement cost rents, which again, I think, sort of underscores our rental growth projections.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
James C. Feldman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just to follow-up, it's Jamie again. Can you talk about cap rates and just what's happened maybe over the quarter across your markets, whether they're up or down or flat?
Michael S. Curless: Yes. This is Mike Curless. Frankly, we thought we'd see broad stabilization of cap rates and we saw yet again a little bit of compression, particularly in the coastal markets, LA, you're seeing 5 and tick below, similar numbers in Bay Area and the East Coast, middle of the country, squarely in the 5s and 6s and where we saw the most compression continues to be in the B product in the global market, as well as some select regional markets, that markets like Las Vegas, Indianapolis, seeing some pretty impressive numbers in terms of their cap rate compression. We do expect over time this to level out and that sees much compression going forward. But in general positive news in the quarter. In Europe, we're seeing U.K. breaking the 6 barrier into the 5s, Central and Eastern Europe in the 7s and everywhere else somewhere in between. I think as Gary mentioned before, we got a good 100 points of room if not more in that part of the world and seeing good results in Asia and Brazil as well.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Jim, just to add, in China and Japan over the quarter, we saw, call it 10 basis points, something like that. But I was in Europe for Expo Real, which is the big trade fair there. And we met with vendors, investors, bankers, competitors, and I can only tell you that my prior view was reinforced. We are absolutely at their inflection point, I'm certain of that, and values which really haven't moved in 4.5 years and they dropped, call it 25%, 26% from peak, are about to move up. And it's going to be a combination of 2 things: rental growth and cap rate compression. And I think it's going to move faster than people realize.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Maiorana with Wells Fargo Securities.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just want to follow-up on land. I think there were $25 million or $27 million of land sales in the quarter. I know we've spoken a lot about what the value, the current market value of the land bank, maybe relative to the development margins that you're getting. Just wondering if there were gains on those sales and what the magnitude of the gains may have been? If any.
Thomas S. Olinger: Brendan, this is Tom. The gains on land, that we did have gains, it was pretty, it was nominal.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes. Remember what we're selling, we're selling the stuff that we don't want to develop. As you know, we've categorized our land into a number of different buckets depending on the timeframe for monetization and also strategic fit. And by and large, we're still -- not by and large, we're exclusively selling things that are not a strategic fit for our business. So those would be the ones that you would expect the lowest spreads of fund. And frankly, as we're getting ready to sell them, they've been scrapped on mark-to-markets so by definition, they're held for sale and there should be nothing on those anyway.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of follow-up questions regarding your -- the fund-raising activities. First, you raised your equity stake in a couple of your European funds. So my first question is, what is the appraised cap rate you're buying these funds at? Or buying these fund at versus an improving market in Europe and where you think spot rates could go, maybe 6 months forward, with maybe half a year, better data points in Europe? And second, with equity, third party equity rates, your rates, are just a substantial amount of dry powder. For your capital deployment activity, how should we think about this going forward? And how much of this will you use to sell on balance sheet assets to your funds versus third party acquisitions?
Hamid R. Moghadam: So generally in Europe, the cap rates in our funds are in the mid-7s and that's where we've been deploying capital. And as you heard a few minutes ago, our view -- we don't have a 6 months view. We're not that smart, but we think in a couple of years, cap rates in Europe can be, for this still same asset, can be in the mid-6s anyway. So 100 points to 125 basis points of decline. That would put them in their traditional historical relationship to U.S. cap rates and global cap rates. So we do think the opportunity in Europe is pretty unique that way. I would say we are pretty much done with buying up in our funds. I'm not going to say that we won't ever do any more of it, in the near-term we might, but I think we're substantially done with that program of investing in our funds. And I don't remember the back half of your question.
Unknown Executive: [indiscernible] acquisitions.
Thomas S. Olinger: What are you going to do with the dry powder.
Unknown Executive: We're going to buy on balance sheet...
Hamid R. Moghadam: Oh, yes. So we have -- remember, the contributions from the balance sheet assets were essentially deferred for 3 or 4 years. So there were a bunch of parks that had buildings built on them that were sitting on the balance sheet that normally belong to the funds because the funds we are dealing is the balance of those assets. So many of the acquisitions that will take place in the funds for which we raise capital will come from the balance sheet as part of our contribution program or sale program to those funds because those will have to go there to complete the parks and create integrated ownership of parks. On a steady-state basis, we will not have these assets pile up on the balance sheet by and large, because you will have a normal recycling of assets into the fund. Our strategy overseas is to own everything within funds. So by definition, the balance sheet assets that are development will end up in funds on probably a more continuous regular basis.
Thomas S. Olinger: Kim, just to reiterate, so by the end of Q4, we think most of those balance sheet assets, as Hamid said, will be contributed. The funds have all the equity raised and it's a matter of just assets coming off the pipeline as they stabilize.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes and we continue to buy third party assets too, and at a significant clip. But I think the numbers for the balance of this year will be overwhelmingly balance sheet contributions and beyond this year, I think it will be a more balanced mix.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Guinee with Stifel.
John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just following up on one of the prior questions, Hamid. You were quoting 7.5 cap rates in Europe dropping down to 6.5. How does that correspond on a per pound basis, is the 7.5 cap 80% of replacement costs or 120% of replacement costs, typically?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Well it's 80% of replacement costs. I mean that's why you're not getting any construction, certainly you're not getting any spec construction in Europe and few build-to-suits because you can go lease existing space for a big discount. So I think rents have to move quite a bit before you'll see them exceed replacement costs and therefore be a catalyst for development.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi.
Hamid R. Moghadam: We should probably move on. Probably Michael dropped off.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from line of Jim Sullivan with Cowen.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a follow-up question on some of these leasing metrics, and I don't want to make too much of these numbers. But looking at them, the retention ratio has declined here in the third quarter versus what it was over the prior several quarters although admittedly, it is just a little bit higher than it was in Q1. And at the same time, of course, spreads have been widening. And I guess, the general question is, are you getting push back from customers as you try and push rents? Understood there's not a lot of spec construction or spec development available, but to what extent, given uncertainties, given concerns about growth on the part of tenants, are you just seeing a real reluctance to accept any sort of increases?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Jim, we get push back from tenants even when we try to drop rent. But 80% retention is pretty good. If anything, I'd give the guys a little bit of grief over that. I think that's almost too high. If we are in the business of pushing rents, I think that number should be more like low 70s. So I'm not at all concerned by that number. But Gene, do you want to add any color?
Eugene F. Reilly: No. It's kind of interesting. And the same is true for -- we had some markets, Jim, that are, some submarkets that are 99% leased.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Right.
Eugene F. Reilly: And I think, maybe you and I have actually talked about this, that's a bit too high. Frankly, you're not pushing rents high enough if that's the case. I mean, getting to your fundamental question on resistance. Of course, our customers see these spaces as a cost set [ph] , that's always been a focus with markets and that. But I'll tell you, it's also a part of their supply chain and they're trying to ring on efficiencies in the supply chain and save dollars overall. So ultimately, they need spaces there in good locations that affect their transportation costs and modern spaces that they can utilize with high levels of efficiency. So with respect to modern space, sure, there's pushback. But as you can see in the numbers, we've been pretty successful in pushing rents. For Class-B and Class-C space, you have to ask other guys for that. But so far, so good.
Operator: I will now turn the conference back over to our presenters.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Can we have a couple more questions? Is Michael Bilerman on the queue still?
Operator: Michael Bilerman with Citi, your line is open.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So just 2 quick follow-ups. One was just on the sales in the fourth quarter, so the $1.9 billion to $3.4 billion, it's a pretty wide range, we're a month into the quarter. So maybe you can sort of just breakdown, you talked about European contributions, Japan contributions, U.S. sales and Japan sales, and then some other things that could materialize, sort of what are the buckets? What is sort of in place? And what would happen? And the second question was just in terms of rent. And I guess we've gone back and forth about what to look at. What we do know is on Page 17, your rents that are expiring at about 515 a foot, globally your share. What is the current rent per foot that you're signing today and where do you think that could go next year so we can think about the marketplace of rents, both in place and then some market growth, to know where that spread goes?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Michael, our range is by the way, a lot smaller than it was last year before we did the Norges transaction and the J-REIT as you guys kept asking us about on this call last year. So we're improving, huh? Tightening our range?
Eugene F. Reilly: Michael, so color on, so if you look at the midpoint for dispositions and contributions, its about $2.2 billion. And that would, the mix of that would be contributions primarily in Europe and Brazil and Japan. We already completed some, in Japan already in October, that's about $1.5 billion. And then you have sales predominantly in the U.S. and a little bit in Japan, that is about $700 million, that's $2.2 billion gets you right to the midpoint. Like I said in my prepared remarks, there's a couple of other things that could transpire we're working on. But that's a matter, I believe of timing, in whether -- but at the midpoint, things are, I feel very, very confident about our midpoint. Your second question on rents.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Second question was asking for guidance for Europe, which we're not providing at the moment.
Thomas S. Olinger: But we did say in the last quarter's call, the mark-to-market rents were basically 5 to 10 and I think that's probably pretty consistent today.
Hamid R. Moghadam: If anything, it's a little wider, I would say.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: A quick one. You guys quote stabilized yield or margins on development starts and a stabilization is now. I remember, several years ago, you guys used to quoted add contribution when you actually sold the assets to the funds. So my question is, how do those projected margins and cap rates compare to when you actually sell in to the fund?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Well, first of all, our strategy's changed dramatically from a few years ago. I think a few years ago, there was so much focus on contributions to the funds and quarterly earnings and that was in the FFO number and it created a lot of, I think, unnatural behavior. I think our business strategy right now, is that development is a source of creating value and whether we realize that value through contributions or third party sales, or frankly, keep the assets in our portfolio and enjoy a higher return over time. Those are all equivalents. So what we'd rather talk about is value creation as opposed to value realization. But your question is a good one, how does value realization compared with value creation? And I would say, so far in the cycle, it's exceeded it pretty substantially. And that's why we are now showing you both what the realizations are and what the actual creations are. But our own focus is on value creation, not realization. The act of actually selling it, it's kind of like looking at a portfolio manager who has a bunch of stocks and saying, "Well, did you sell IBM at the end of the quarter?" That's the only way you get to account for your results. No, there's a market value for it and it's very important part of our business and frankly, we're disappointed that we're not getting valuation for that over $300 million a year kind of engine that we showed the track record to everyone about a month ago. So hopefully, over the cycle, that will become more of a real value in the eyes of most people.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just one of the focuses of the investor day was working down the land banks there. Just giving the budgeting process right now, as we look ahead to '14, what's kind of -- what do you think that realistically can be monetized there? And as you're putting it in the budget, how much land you think you're going to need to, for '14 at this point to start adding to restart the pipeline?
Michael S. Curless: This is Mike, and we've said on a couple of calls, our IDSI is a land bank would support a run rate of $2 billion to $2.5 billion worth of development and lands 25%, that would translate to roughly $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion in total land size. We're working our way towards that in the last year, we put off almost a couple $100 million. And not only have we gotten total size now, but we also reconstituted the quality of the land bank and I think that will pay off significantly as we continue to monetize those sites. So I think we're headed in the right direction and at the end of the day, $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion remains our ideal target.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. You'd mentioned, I think there's a $400 million number of non-core of land. Is there any chance of expediting that or is that just kind of going to be work through the process at this point?
Michael S. Curless: We'll continue to work through that. Our nonstrategic land this year, we've already sold $100 million of that, and we have an activity to continue to reduce that. So over time, that would be a smaller, much smaller part of our land bank.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Since that was the last question, I wanted to thank you for participating in our call this quarter and look forward to seeing you in the new year [indiscernible] and then in the new year on the next call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-24 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracy A. Ward - Senior Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer Michael S. Curless - Chief Investment Officer and Chairman of Investment Committee Eugene F. Reilly - Chief Executive Officer of the Americas Guy F. Jaquier - Member of Investment Committee
Analysts: George D. Auerbach - ISI Group Inc., Research Division David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division James C. Feldman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Vance H. Edelson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division John Stewart - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Jonathan M. Petersen - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division David B. Rodgers - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Prologis Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Tracy Ward, you may begin your conference.
Tracy A. Ward: Thank you, Tiffany, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2013 conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning, we'll hear from Hamid Moghadam, Chairman and CEO, who will comment on the company's strategy and the market environment; and then from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results and guidance. Additionally, we are joined today by members of our executive team, including Gary Anderson, Mike Curless, Nancy Hemmenway, Guy Jaquier, Edward Nekritz, Gene Reilly and Diana Scott. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I'd like to quickly state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filings. I'd also like to state that our first quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO, EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures, and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided reconciliation to those measures. [Operator Instructions] Hamid, will you please begin?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us this morning. We are pleased to be hosting today's call from our operational headquarters in Denver. As you know, since the completion of the merger, we've been laser focused on our 10-quarter plan, which has guided our priorities as a new company. During this time, you watched us deliver on our 5 key strategic objectives. We've completed this plan 2 quarters ahead of our own ambitious schedule. Let me take a moment to review a few of the highlights. Our most important objective was to align our portfolio with our investment strategy. We completed $10.2 billion of dispositions and contributions with an average cap rate of 6.9%. On the development front, we started more than $2.5 billion of new developments with an average yield of 7.8%. 45% of this volume was in build-to-suits. In addition, we acquired 925 million of new properties in our target markets at an average cap rate of 7.3%. The net result of this activity was an increased allocation to global markets from 79% at the merger to 85% today. Our second objective was to improve the utilization of our assets. Occupancy post merger is up 300 basis points to 93.7%. During this period, we monetized $865 million of our land bank, mostly through development starts at an 18% value creation margin, as well as some third-party sales. Streamlining our private capital business and positioning it for growth represented the third pillar of our plan. At the time of the merger, we had $25.7 billion of gross assets across 22 private capital entities. Our plan was to rationalize our funds into a smaller number of differentiated and profitable vehicles. Today, we have $22.8 billion of gross assets under management across 15 ventures, and we expect our fund count to go down by a few more by the end of the year. Including the assets we brought on balance sheet, we have retained 96% of our original assets as part of our platform. We expect to grow our third-party assets under management from this point forward. As part of our plan, we've been repositioning our business to focus on larger, long-duration ventures, open-end funds, and most recently, geographically focused public entities. These long-duration ventures now account for 84% of our investment management revenue versus 80 -- 68% at the merger. We are also accessing alternative sources of public equity such as our newly formed J-REIT. Our strategy enables us to tap capital in both public and private formats for targeted geographies across our global platforms. In this regard, the team has raised $5.5 billion of new third-party strategic equities since the merger. This is on top of the $2.7 billion of equity we have raised at the headstock level during this period. The strengthening of our financial position has been a core element of our plan and our fourth objective. Since the merger, we reduced our look-through leverage including preferreds from 50% to 36%, lowered debt-to-EBITDA from 10.4 to 7.4x, improved our share of equity in U.S. dollars from 45% to 75% and increased our line of credit capacity by $350 million while reducing our borrowing spreads by 40 basis points. We believe we're in the final stages of building one of the strongest balance sheets in the REIT industry and are optimistic that this strength will be reflected in our credit ratings going forward. Our fifth objective was to build a highly effective and efficient global organization. As a combined company, we achieved over $115 million in merger synergies, well above our initial target of $80 million. In addition, we successfully implemented a major enterprise system that will provide us an information infrastructure that is unparalleled in our industry. We're also focused on building a culture of accountability and empowerment. We have equipped our leaders with a series of management tools that will help them manage their divisional profitability, overhead efficiency and business risk. In summary, I'm incredibly proud of what the Prologis team has accomplished since the closing of the merger. These efforts have simplified our company and built a strong foundation for sustainable growth in the coming years. It's now time to focus on the future. We believe the scale and quality of our operating platform, the skill set of our team and the strength of our balance sheet provide us with unique competitive advantages going forward. We've established a clear roadmap for growth in the coming years with a focus on 3 key priorities: first, to capitalize on rental recovery; second, to realize the potential of our land bank by putting it to work; and third, to use our scale and costumer relationships to grow earnings. I'll take a minute to expand on each of these priorities. First, the rent recovery cycle is firmly underway and is accelerating in most markets at the pace ahead of the rental growth forecasts we laid out at our investor forum last September. This is best evidenced by the second quarter's 4% increase in rents on rollover. Over the past 3 quarters, the U.S. industrial market has absorbed 164 million square feet of space. This is more than triple development completions during the same period, which were a mere 46 million square feet. This excess demand of 118 million square feet is the highest in the 33 years of data from CBRE. As we look forward, we're increasing our 2013 net absorption forecast for the U.S. to 180 million square feet, up from 150 million square feet. We expect to see a modest volume of completions at 65 million square feet. Moving to Europe. Although still in recession, we believe Europe has reached an inflection point, in many ways, similar to what took place in the U.S. in mid-2010. We believe rents are off the bottom and cap rates are heading lower. In retrospect, it seems that our venture with Norges Bank was a watershed event in terms of restoring investor confidence in the European industrial market. In Japan, the political changes are driving increased consumer confidence. Strong market conditions and healthy spreads are attracting capital from around the globe. Turning to China. Despite the downward revisions to GDP, demand for Class A logistics space remains strong and much better than the headlines would suggest. Market rents continue to rise, and concessions have decreased across the country. Our portfolio in China is more than 96% leased, and rents have increased by more than 13% in the past year. Globally, space utilization in our facilities is at the highest level we've seen since we've been tracking this metric. This means there is little or no shadow space in the system. Additional economic growth would translate directly into incremental demand for the logistic facilities. As this overutilization reverts to the norm, we could see an extended period of excess demand driving up rents even further. Our second growth opportunity is to realize value from our land bank and our costumer relationships. The key to a successful development program is having strategic land control, and in this regard, we're in an excellent position. Our land bank is increasingly undervalued and will be an asset going forward. We have the potential to build an additional 200 million square feet or about $10 billion in new development at high incremental returns on land that is already paid for. We'll be prudent with our development starts, which we expect to average around $2.5 billion annually. The value creation potential on this level of starts will be approximately $300 million a year. Our third growth opportunity is to use our scale to grow earnings. We have the ability to expand our global platform by at least $10 billion without adding much in the way of incremental overhead. We measure and disclose our overhead efficiency in terms of the ratio G&A to assets under management, which currently stands at 54 basis points. We believe we can add incremental AUM from here at a marginal overhead rate of 10 basis points or less, which will further drive efficiencies and earnings growth. We're beginning to see our acquisition pipeline grow both through proprietary opportunities such as buying up in our funds and as more third-party transactions come to market. This was the primary rationale for our equity offering in April. Despite recent increases, interest rates are far from a level that would affect pricing in the U.S. and Europe. Cap rate spreads over 10-year treasuries remain above historical averages in our markets. In short, we're confident that these 3 strategies will enable us to generate above-average earnings growth in the coming years. With that overview, I'll turn things over to Tom.
Thomas S. Olinger: Thanks, Hamid. This morning, I'll cover 3 areas: first, our results for the quarter; second, deployment, development value creation and capital markets activity; and third, updated guidance for 2013. Starting with our results for the second quarter. Core FFO was $0.41 a share, $0.04 above our expectations. About $0.025 of the outperformance was from investment management income, primarily driven by a promote related to winding up Alliance Fund II. We had expected this will occur in the second half of 2013. Our share of development value creation was $79 million for the quarter, including $64 million that was monetized through sales and contributions at a 34% margin. Turning to our operating portfolio. We had another strong quarter of leasing volume at 36.3 million square feet. Occupancy was 93.7% at quarter end, flat to the first quarter. Our teams in the ground are focused on driving rent growth versus occupancy at this point in the cycle. To that end, the GAAP rent change on rollover increased 4% for the quarter and was evident across all space sizes. On our first quarter call, we were asked about cash rent change. This is not a measure we use internally to drive leasing decisions or evaluate our operating performance. We make our leasing decisions based on net effective rent change as this metric best reflects the underlying lease economics. To provide you with some perspective, cash rent change on rollover was down 3.4% for the quarter. Consistent with our GAAP figure, this metric includes rent change on all spaces signed during the quarter for both new and renewal leases and regardless of how long the spaces were vacant. For the quarter, GAAP same-store NOI was up 70 basis points, and on an adjusted cash basis, was down 40 basis points. The decrease in cash same-store NOI this quarter is a result of increased free rent associated with longer lease terms and a greater volume of leasing in large spaces. Moving to investment management. We had a very active quarter, completing an $800 million secondary offering for our J-REIT and rationalizing 2 ventures. The rationalization included Fund II that I mentioned earlier and the closeout of Japan Fund I. Retaining the high-quality assets of these 2 funds was a great outcome. I want to point out that the $13 million promote related to Fund II was not included in investment management revenue but instead was reflected as a component of noncontrolling interest in the income statement. This accounting treatment is required since Fund II was a consolidated venture. Now switching to our deployment activity. We took advantage of some great investing opportunities during the quarter, deploying $922 million, which included development starts, acquisitions and investment in our funds. With respect to our development business, it is strategically important to us that it provides our customers with modern, state-of-the-art logistics facilities and it generates real economic value. We do not include development creation in our core FFO because not all value creation flows through our income statement to the extent we keep development on balance sheet. If we were under International Accounting Standards, all of the value creation would flow through earnings. Going forward, we'll provide you with development value creation on stabilization and upon monetization so you can value this business appropriately. Our share of development value creation during the first half of the year was $393 million. This includes $311 million or $0.64 a share that was monetized through sales and contributions. Turning to our capital markets activity. We had a very busy quarter, completing $4.3 billion of capital markets transactions. This included debt financing, refinancing, pay-downs and the redemption of preferred stock, as well as our $1.5 billion follow-on offering. As of the end of June, we invested about $600 million of the follow-on offering, in line with our forecast. And by year end, we expect to invest the majority of these proceeds with the remainder effectively left for delevering. As of June 30, our look-through leverage was 35.8%. Net debt to EBITDA was 7.4x, and net debt to EBITDA adjusted for development was 6x. During the quarter, we did incur $32.6 million of debt extinguishment costs primarily related to the prepayment of $350 million senior notes. These notes were due to mature in 2014 and had a coupon rate of 7.6%. A very important part of our capital structure strategy is to minimize our foreign net equity exposure. During the quarter, we hatched EUR 800 million at an average economic exchange rate of 1.36 for a term of 4.5 years and JPY 250 million at an average economic exchange rate of 88.9 for a term of 5 years. Our U.S. dollar net equity was 75% at June 30, an increase of 600 basis points from the first quarter. We're forecasting our U.S. dollar net equity position to be approximately 80% by year end. Subsequent to quarter end, we recast our global line of credit and established an ATM program for $715 million, both of which provide us with further flexibility to fund our growth. Let me now turn to our guidance for the remainder of 2013. For operations, we're maintaining our GAAP same-store NOI range of 1.5% to 2.5% and year-end occupancy to range between 94% and 95%. For FX, we're assuming the euro at 1.3 and the yen at 100 for the second half of the year. On the expense side, we're forecasting net G&A to range between $225 million to $233 million. For capital deployment, we are seeing an increase in opportunities to invest and are now forecasting a range of $3.5 billion to $4.1 billion. This is an increase of $1.7 billion from our previous guidance and includes $1.8 billion to $2 billion of development starts, up $250 million from our prior guidance with our share at approximately 80%. We expect to stabilize about $1.4 billion of developments in 2013 at an estimated margin of approximately 25%, generating $350 million of value creation with $310 million our share. Our deployment guidance also includes $800 million to $1 billion of building acquisitions, an increase of $400 million from prior guidance, with our share at about 40%, and fund investments of $900 million to $1.1 billion. We have a great opportunity to invest in our funds. The quality and location of our fund assets, along with our expectations for a significant rent recovery, make these investments very accretive. Turning to contributions and dispositions. We're maintaining the top end of our guidance in the range to $8.5 billion to $10 billion for the year with our share proceeds at approximately 60%. We are narrowing our 2013 core FFO range to $1.63 to $1.67 per share. We expect our quarterly run rate for the second half to be at or above our Q2 run rate of $0.41 a share, driven by higher NOI from development stabilizations, deployment of the remaining equity offering proceeds, same-store NOI growth and lower interest expense. Before I close, I want to mention 4 new disclosures in our supplemental this quarter. First, we added enhanced disclosure around development value creation. Second, we added average term for our quarterly leasing activity. Third, we added turnover cost as a percentage of leased value. And fourth, added property improvements per square foot on a trailing 12-month basis. To sum up, we had a great quarter. Clearly, we had a number of moving parts related to the execution of our strategic priorities. However, when you take a step back and you compare our results with last year, our core FFO is essentially flat while leverage has been reduced by 10% and our U.S. net equity exposure has improved by 1,600 basis points. As we had forecasted, we were able to derisk our financial position with minimal impact on earnings. With that, I'll turn it back to Hamid.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Thanks, Tom. There are 3 key takeaways that I'd like to leave you with. First, we expect improving economic conditions and the constrained supply picture to lead to a significant increase in demand and pricing power for our products around the globe. Second, we expect to see substantial earnings growth from 3 areas: the recovery in rents, putting our land bank to work and capitalizing on our scale and by continuing to expand in existing markets. Third, our accomplishments over the last 8 quarters are a direct result of the efforts of the dedicated and engaged team. This team has worked hard to get the company to its current position of strength, and we're all excited to take advantage of the opportunities that this platform will offer us in the coming years. With that, we will open it up for your questions. Tiffany?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of George Auerbach with ISI Group.
George D. Auerbach - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Tom or Hamid, can you maybe talk about the opportunity set in a bit more granularity in terms of your ability to buy into existing funds or the opportunities you see in Europe today?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Sure. In terms of our funds, I think you saw 2 really good examples in the past quarter. One was an acquisition that's been actually reported. We haven't announced that, but it's been widely reported, which is a portion of our NA3 portfolio that we had, and we're buying a portion of those assets. And secondly, we were able to buy up in our Allianz Fund II portfolio from 28% to 100% of the fund. And actually, the contribution of Japan Fund I to the J-REIT and -- which was funded by the secondary offering, is actually a way of actually acquiring assets without going through the balance sheet directly into that vehicle. So this is really good for our investors, too, because they get certainty of execution. They know that we're there to be for them, and it also provides us a cost-efficient way of accessing new assets. In Europe specifically, we think the appraisal community is lagging the reality of the marketplace. And we've been pretty vocal about this. So this is not a big secret. And yields and some funds are in the mid-7% range, which we think are very attractive returns, particularly once you think about what's going to happen to the cost of financing in Europe, exactly the same thing that happens to the cost and availability of financing here in the U.S. So that's one way of increasing our exposure. And now we have a lot more capacity given the J-REIT that we did. We can take advantage of that. We're not constrained by our allocation to Europe. And then we're seeing some opportunities, specifically in Southern Europe, where you can buy assets at significant discounts through replacement costs, even ignoring the price of land. You can buy assets, in some instances, in the 9s with very significant spreads over cost of treasury. So I think at a prudent level, we'll be net investors over there, and we'll use our existing vehicle to take advantage of those emerging opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Toti with Cantor Fitzgerald.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Tom, I have a question for you, and it's sort of a kind of big picture. If we look at the cap rates on the disposed assets in the second quarter, they seem to have compressed a little bit, and the same with the stabilized development yields on a sequential basis as well. And that seems to be happening around the same time that we're seeing some expansion in spreads and the cost of capital. Do you expect those trends in the yields to reverse in lockstep or in sort of correlation with the capital costs? Or do you expect more compression in those yields going into the second half of the year?
Hamid R. Moghadam: David, let me take that. I think that yield, in any given quarter, is more driven by mix than any big trend. So if you have a couple of big Japan deals or something in there, that could really move around the numbers in a big way. So I wouldn't read too much in the yields on a quarter-to-quarter basis. In terms of what our view of cap rates are around the globe, I think cap rates are going to decline in Europe or are declining in Europe. I think they are stable at the very low levels in the U.S. for really good assets and even good assets in secondary markets. I would say, sort of C assets in softer markets could see, haven't yet, could see a 25 or 50-basis-point increase in cap rates because those are usually acquired by highly leveraged buyers where they're more affected by interest rates. We, by and large, don't have any kind of that product. And the very little that we do, we never price it to the top tick of the market anyway. So I think we can absorb that kind of 25, 50-basis-point cap rate increase without missing our pricing expectations. But generally, I think the vast majority of the properties that we traffic in, I think the cap rate trend is down. And not to go too far on the limb, but cap rates are very comparable to where they were in, call it, late '07, early '08. But treasury, even with their increase, are good 200 basis points lower. So the spreads are actually pretty good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Guinee with Stifel.
John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I'm not sure who this question is for, but can you -- if you look at your 2 billion of land, I think that's the number, that 1.8 billion of land, how much of that would you expect to be able to deploy because demand is there in the next 3 years? And how much of it do you think is in inventory for longer than 3 years? And how much of it can be sold to a third party?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Thanks, John. I'll hand it over to Mike Curless.
Michael S. Curless: John, it's Mike. I would say that in the next 3 years, we would expect to deploy a good 75% of the entire land bank, if not more. And in terms of what we would attempt to sell, I think we mentioned before, about 15% of our entire land bank right now, we view as nonstrategic, and we have plans to sell those. Last year, we sold 30 parcels that fit that category. We've already sold 15 yet this year and expect to do more the balance of this year.
John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: That would imply being able to develop, say, 15 million square feet in the Central Valley, 12 million square feet in Southern California. Is that really able to...
Eugene F. Reilly: John, it's Gene. Let me give you some color on this. You are correct. In the Central Valley, we have a very, very big piece of land that might be a -- could be a 15-year build-out. But that is very rare. I mean, if you look at most of our land parcels, our overall build-out timeframe for them is going to be anywhere from immediate to 3 years. So -- and by the way, we love that piece of land, and I wouldn't be surprised if we absorb it in less than 10 years. But I think that's somewhat of an outlier. And I think Mike said we'll absorb 75% or so of the land bank. 15% of it is for sale. So there's sort of 10% of cushion there.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes. The only other thing that I would add, John, is that specifically with respect to our Central Valley land, that's the price of land for a 300,000 square foot building in Tokyo. We bought that land really, really well. And really, to make -- the real investment in that land is the infrastructure that will be phased in over time as we take it down. So think of it as an option because really, the price was just the upfront ticket price to get into the game. And we feel really good about that position.
Michael S. Curless: And the percentages I referenced, were in terms of dollars, not acres.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with KeyBanc.
Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just curious, I know, Hamid, you've kind of given your views here on cap rates in a lot of the markets. But just curious, have you guys changed at all the way you're underwriting acquisitions or developments to account for kind of the potential for rates to rise here? Or are there -- been no changes at all?
Hamid R. Moghadam: I think the best evidence of that is the margins that we report to you on starts every quarter and what we realize. And at least for the last 2 years, the realized margins have been far in excess of the way we underwrite. So we've been trailing, if you will, the movement in cap rates, and there's always -- I wouldn't say always, I mean, I'm sure in '08, we were over our skis on a couple of underwritings. But at this point in the cycle, we've been pleasantly surprised by the cap rates on our development stabilizations. So I think there's room in our numbers going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: A question regarding your strategy on your capital stack. With your goal, with what you have been trying to develop $2.5 billion of new development and when acquisition is combined and with leverage not being the same kind of concern it was maybe 2 or 3 years ago, does 30% -- what would make you change your view on a 30% look-through leverage ratio, which seems pretty low? I mean, on a look-through basis, you'll be lower than Simon [ph], which is considered a blue-chip status. What would have to happen for you to change that view on overall leverage?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Dave [ph] is a pretty good friend, but I think we're lower leverage today, not at 30%, significantly. And I think it will be time before maybe we're recognized as having the same kind of balance sheet. But turning to the substance of your question, look, 35%, 36% that we're in today includes preferreds. So if you look at the normal capital structure that has 5% preferreds on it, we are already at a 30% leverage. Kind of the mix is a little different. But we're basically that way. So we feel good about our leverage. We work hard to get it here. We have a business model that has more development in it as you pointed out. So I think we need to be more prudent in terms of leverage on the balance sheet. Look -- and we want to leave some capacity for doing strategic stuff that come along from time to time. So you could see us fluctuate from 30 to high 30s, back down to 30s. But we want to manage it around that level. And I want to point out, the $2.5 billion development is not a goal. We do not have goals for development. Having goals for development gets you into trouble. That's our estimated volume of business that will be there to do profitably. If it's less than that, it's less than that. If it's more than that, so be it. But I think across the cycle, that's a reasonable number. But I want to emphasize, it's not a goal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman with Bank of America.
James C. Feldman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Hamid, I was hoping you can talk a little bit more about your outlook for rent growth. I think you had said that rent growth is happening faster than you expected. How should we think about prospects for continued rent growth versus new supply coming online given you guys are growing your pipeline and it looks like you've got a higher percentage of spec than in the past? And kind of what are the other competitors doing that might put a damper on rent growth?
Hamid R. Moghadam: I think that is an invitation for you to come to our investor forum in September because we're going to devote a substantial amount of time taking you through our views on rent growth. And in addition to what we provided last year, we're going to talk about the profile of that rent growth as we see it as markets near stabilization. But we're pretty optimistic about the overall magnitude of the rent growth. Probably very consistent with our views last year. We just think the profile of getting there is a little quicker. I mean, we never, in our wildest dream, dreams imagined the 118 million square feet of absorption over construction deliveries. I mean, those are big numbers, and we think that's going to continue this year. So I think we're going to get there faster. And interestingly, some of our lagging markets, like in the Ohios, have been actually -- have pretty solid rent growth, albeit from very low and depressed levels. But it's rent growth, and that's happening a lot actually than we thought. Some of the other markets, like L.A., that were earlier in the cycle and have essentially reached their precrisis levels are probably going to taper off here in terms of rent growth. But some of the lagging markets, I think, quite a bit of rent growth. And the rent growth that we've experienced today, I mean, this is obvious to you, but has not rolled through our rent growth by any stretch of the imagination. It's just the spot rents that have rolled. We've got -- even if rents stop right here, we say, we're going to have 3 or 4 years of rent growth by the time the stuff rolls through. So we're feeling pretty good about it. But it's about time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vance Edelson with Morgan Stanley.
Vance H. Edelson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And now turning to the occupancy rate, I realized it varies by facility size. But with regard to the overall rate, it sounds like it's mainly by design that it's plateaued out a bit. You'd rather raise the rent than see occupancy significantly rise. So given that, do you think this level of occupancy is sort of the sweet spot than 94%, 95% range? Is that where you'd like to see it stay as you increase the rates?
Eugene F. Reilly: Right. This is Gene. Let me take that. Your observation is spot on. And if you want to drill onto the numbers a little bit, you saw a sequential decline, actually, in occupancy in the Americas by about 10 bps. What's important to emphasize is we are actually slightly ahead of our plan in the Americas because obviously, it depends on what's the composition of what's rolling. We expect to ramp into the mid to high 94% range. And yes, right around 95%, that is the sweet spot. And actually, above 93%, you can really push your assets. So our assets in the Americas, it's absolutely on rent growth. Those markets are leading the recovery. In Europe and Asia, they are different stages.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes, a little bit different. I mean, in Asia, we've been sitting around 96%, 97% occupied and obviously been pushing rents there even at a faster rate than we had anticipated last September. When we talked about China, we talked about sort of 5% to 6% compound annual rent growth that we were underwriting when historically they were about 8%. This first half of the year, we're at about 13% in China. Japan's up 6%, and we thought we'd be up, too. So again, a very, very positive trend. With respect to Europe, obviously, we're lagging, but we're holding occupancies at 93-plus percent. We've gained 20 basis points this quarter. So things are heading in the right direction. And again, if you sort of look at the trend with respect to rents, I feel pretty strongly that come the back half of this year, you're going to see positive rent change in Europe coming through as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's Michael Bilerman. Tom, I was wondering if you could just spend a couple of minutes just going through the back half deployment, as well as sale plans because a lot of the numbers are for the full year. And really, we're trying to understand, as the balance sheet as of June 30, really what the impact is in second half. And it would appear as though the predominance of the equity proceeds, $1.5 billion, are really going towards growth initiatives. If you were to take that $1.7 billion and multiply it by the percentages that you had, it totals $1.4 billion, so leaving very little for debt repayment. But I don't know from the sales perspective in the second half whether that's a source of other capital. So if you could sort of really break down that second half deployment between development and acquisitions and fund, as well as sales.
Thomas S. Olinger: Okay, thanks, Michael. So you're right in regards to the bulk of our equity-raised proceeds will be deployed in starts, acquisitions, investments and funds. We did take up our guidance on contributions and distributions, and that's about $1.5 billion. So that's incremental proceeds that you're seeing that allow us to fund that incremental $1.7 billion. But your numbers are very close. From how things will lay out in the second half, starts are back end loaded, but you'll see those fairly evenly through Q3 and Q4. Acquisitions will be more weighted to Q3 than Q4. And on contributions, you're going to see those weighted a little towards Q4 versus Q3.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes. And the only other thing, Michael, I would add to Tom's answer is that what we acquire may not always live on the balance sheet forever. So you should assume that we use private capital throughout -- the private or strategic capital throughout our business, and we may, at some point, recapitalize some of the stuff that we would acquire. So keep that in mind. Bottom line is with the second -- the last 30% of Norges in Europe and our convertibles being paid off, we already have 4 or 5 points of deleveraging that's kind of on the books. I mean, it's just a matter of time before that happens. So think of our 36 as sort of 32 plus 4, and we'll get there.
Thomas S. Olinger: And right now, we see leverage at year end at around 34%. So to Hamid's point with the Norges and the converts, that would put us right at the long-term target of look-through of 30%.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes. We're not even thinking about that issue anymore. We moved so far beyond that, that I think it's a matter of time before everybody figures it out.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Brendan Maiorana with Wells Fargo.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I think it's a question for Tom. Just that the answers that you gave to Michael's question was the deployment timing of both development and acquisitions offset by contributions. If I think about the guidance outlook and the run rate in the back half of the year, I guess it suggests that maybe there's a little bit of a ramp but probably not a dramatic ramp as we think about Q3 to Q4, is that correct? And does your guidance in the back half of the year include any type of onetime gains like the promote that you got in the second quarter?
Thomas S. Olinger: No, it doesn't. So our next schedule promote is in 2014. So we are not modeling a promote in the second half. So there's not a promote in the second half to our guidance. But that does affect our run rate when you think about Q2 and the promote was in there. But when you look at Q2 without the promote of $0.39, we are going to be ramping up our core FFO without the promote. And you're seeing that through deployment of the remaining equity proceeds. You're seeing that through same-store NOI growth. You're seeing that through stabilization of developments. And some what have been impact of lower interest costs because in Q2, you did not see the full impact of our deleveraging efforts. So I think in the back half, you're going to see us grow off that core base, and we see it at 41-plus cents a quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan with Cowen Group.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Hamid, this is really a question for you based on your commentary on rent growth and the promise of a very exciting Analyst Day at the end of the year. And this really goes to the issue of the same property NOI, that forecast you have for the full year. I'm surprised that the range hasn't narrowed a little bit from the 1.5, 2.5 that you've retained all year given the results we've seen in the first half. And I guess the flat-out question here is that do you anticipate that your rental spreads in the coming quarters are going to be higher than they've ever been? Because that's what seems to be suggested here.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Jim, first of all, the excitement around the Analyst Day is mostly because of the America's Cup. We're about to talk about that. Secondly -- I guess that's unabashed marketing. The rent ramp, it takes a while for these things to work through the leases. And remember, the leasing that we report doesn't even kick in for another couple of months. So really at this point, you're looking at the year. There's 3 months of leasing left to be done. And no matter what we do, it's very hard to effect the numbers with that middle period as these leases make their way through the systems. So we've got to be a little bit more patient about the spot rent increase coming through, and you're absolutely right. I think it's going to reflect itself into the mark-to-market of rents. And last quarter, in answer to that question, we said about 5%. Our answer this quarter would be 5% to 10%. So we are higher than where we were before for precisely the reason that you mentioned.
Thomas S. Olinger: Jim, I want to add one thing just to emphasize what Hamid said. So when we report our leasing activity, that's based on signs. And we're typically signing leases 1 to 2 quarters in advance of their effective date. So we're signing leases in Q2 that are going to kick in, in Q3 and Q4. So you're seeing a lag -- you're not seeing the full impact of the rent change that happened that's being reported on the leasing in Q2. You're going to see that in Q3 and Q4. So Q2 is more of a reflection of the leasing activity that we reported to you in Q4 and Q1. So there's a lag there that our same-store NOIs should really start to pick up, as Hamid said with rent growth but as this lag between signings and effective date kicks in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Stewart with Green Street Advisors.
John Stewart - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Hamid, a couple of questions for you. First of all, not looking for earnings guidance for next year, but you referenced the ability to generate above-average earnings growth over the next several years. What's your bogey? What are you referencing in terms of an average? And then you also mentioned that you think you can add $10 billion to the asset base with just 10 basis points of any incremental overhead. What's the optimal size for your asset base? And likewise, what's the optimal land bank when it comes to price? Did I hear that you expect to cycle 2 or 3/4 of it in the next 3 years? So that makes sense, but what's the optimal size when you think about replenishing the land bank?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Good questions. The optimal size of the land bank, it should be viewed in the context of the development run rate. And historically, our average value has been about 2.5 to 3 years worth of land. I think we should get more efficient and carry a little less than 2 years worth of land and just get the land -- control more land via options and other things that allow us to cycle through it a little quicker. But think for now as 2 years worth of development would be the appropriate amount of land. So if you think of this $2.5 billion, it's $5 billion of development in 2 years, and if land is 25% in Japan and places a little higher than that, I would like to see our land bank be around $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion, call it. It will take us to get there. And yes, we're chewing through land, but we are also getting new land every day. So it's not a static number. We won't see through it completely. What was your first question?
Tracy A. Ward: Rent growth.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Oh, rent growth. So I think the industrial business across the cycle has been sort of inflation, really long cycle. And I think the last 5 or 6 years, as we all know, had been an exception to that. Long term has been about inflation. I think if you're focused on supply constrained markets and the global markets that we are, I think rent growth could be 100 to 150 basis points ahead of that. So call it inflation at 2, 2.5; rent growth at 3, 3.5. That would be across the cycle. I think in the next 3 or 4 years, we could be 5% or 6% because we're closing that gap through replacement costs, by picking up an extra, call it, 2% to 3% for an incremental 4 or 5 years until we get to that level. So to answer your question about 300 basis points on top of what's normal would be my expectation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum with UBS.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I'm here with Gabe Hilmoe. When I think about where your capital deployment is going to occur over the next year or 2 in terms of the monetization of the land bank, in terms of the investments that you're going to be making in funds, and then I look at where your current footprint is in terms of your share, it would seem to me that it's possible that your exposure to Asia could go down a little bit. How should we be thinking about the importance of Asia to the platform? And ultimately, what percentage of NOI or asset value is it going to represent?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes. Our growth asset allocations, you're familiar with, I think, gross meaning where our gross assets are regardless of how they're financed. And those are roughly a little under 50% in the U.S., 10% are in the other Americas and the remaining 40% roughly split between Europe and Asia, just to use some pretty rough numbers. Europe is over that today. Asia is below that today. So that's the growth asset allocation. But in terms of our net asset allocation, meaning where our equity is, we certainly have a higher percentage of funds over time in Asia than we do in Europe or the U.S. because we started out the business with that model and now we have this public entity in Japan where the expensive assets live. So a lot of that stuff is going to be living in the public entity that we own 15% of. So in terms of our net equity exposure, we'll be way lower than that to Asia and to Europe, frankly, and much more than that to the U.S. And that's been a deliberate strategy. The strategy is to take advantage of global opportunities to serve customers, but we are a U.S. dividend player -- payer. So we need to manage our exposure to foreign currencies down significantly through the use of private capital vehicles and by, in effect, setting up our debt so that we have a natural hedge on those assets. That is very deliberate. But one of its implications is that our NOI or certainly our FFO will be less dependent on some of those overseas locations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just sticking with the FX commentary, just curious if in light of the target of 80% exposure to the U.S. dollar and if the dollar strengthens here more than you're modeling in today, how should we be thinking about the FFO impact here over the balance of 2013? If it's a maybe 5% strengthening versus what you're talking about today.
Thomas S. Olinger: Well, when you look at from an FX exposure on earnings, in the second half, a 5% move of currencies would be $0.015.
Hamid R. Moghadam: And currencies, by the way, don't move together. The yen and the euro kind of have been moving opposite to each other. So it depends on -- I mean, I think Tom is answering 5% bad on both. That kind of doesn't happen that way. So his answer is for maybe 10% bad on one and 5% good on the other one.
Thomas S. Olinger: And as I said in my remarks, we've got the euro at 1.3 and we have the yen at 100 in our model for the second half. So the impact of FX, as we've moved assets around and as our net U.S. equity exposure has grown to 75% this quarter, the impact of FX movements is diminishing in our portfolio. And we would like to take that, our long-term equity exposure, even up above 80%. We're going to do our best to mitigate that. The hedging strategies, the hedges we've put in place this quarter were part of that strategy. And we're going to continue to look for ways to further minimize that FX exposure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I was wondering, can you talk a little bit about, once you get past 2013, what you see as a normalized level of disposition activities for the model? And not trying to sneak a second question in there, but Tom, a few questions ago, you referred to a 2014 promote. Can you just say, is it expected to be similar in size to what we had this year?
Thomas S. Olinger: I'll answer the second question first. I won't get into the size of the promotes. We'll wait and see how the performance continues out. But the bottom line is we were coming into a cycle where we believe we're going to see promotes on an annual basis from a variety of our funds. And we're obviously seeing significant asset appreciation around the world, and we see a lot of rent growth. So I think that bodes well for future promote levels.
Hamid R. Moghadam: And with respect to sales, I would be very surprised if our average volume of sales in the next couple of years would be outside of $500 million to $1 billion. $500 million to $1 billion a year. So it won't be lower than that and it won't be higher than that would be my best answer to you right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Hamid, I think you mentioned in your comments about a new enterprise system. Can you talk about the benefits you see from that new rollout? And also, just I believe on the last call, you talked about an 80% equity target for the U.S. just given the increase in deployment. How quickly do you think you can get there?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Okay. Could you clarify the second question? I'm not sure I quite understood that.
Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Sure. You talked about U.S. equity exposure of 80%. I think Tom gave in his prepared remarks -- I think he said a 600-basis-point increase you had in the quarter. Just given the increase in deployment, how fast do you think you can get to that kind of 80% target?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Okay. 80% would be by year end. And my target is 100%. Tom's target is 90%. We're negotiating on that one.
Thomas S. Olinger: That one's true.
Hamid R. Moghadam: And that will take us probably another year or 2, but we'll get to 80% by year end, no question about it. The ERP, once fully implemented, then we are like 90-plus percent implemented, will allow us to do 2 things. One, it will allow us to do some tactical stuff much more efficiently in terms of accounting for our assets, knowing our historic operating metrics, being able to ask all your questions much more efficiently in many different ways. So it will give us a much more efficient way of looking backwards. This is a simple way of thinking about it. I think its most important benefit, however, is that it will allow us to capture information on real time tenant activity, traffic activity through a CRM system that we're doing and also forecasting, 10-year forecasting, on a dynamic basis so we know the value of our assets all the time on a real life basis as opposed to this sort of cap rate approach. Once we get there, I think we'll be, hopefully, a lot smarter about what's happening down the road as opposed to what happened in the past. So efficiency is goal #1, and better market insight is goal #2 on full implementation. With respect to the -- I want to go back and answer a question that I think John asked that my colleagues just reminded me that I didn't answer, the optimal size of the portfolio. I think the optimal size needs to be defined by a market. For us to go into a bunch of new markets and grow $10 billion by doing a couple of $100 million here and a couple of $100 million there, that would be insane. It doesn't move the needle on a company of our size, and frankly, we'll have reverse efficiencies. We want to deepen in our existing markets. And I don't think there is a top side to how much we can drive efficiencies. I think we now, particularly with the ERP system in place, can scale very, very efficiently as long as the assets are in the same markets where we already have a presence. It becomes really easy. New markets are a different story.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Petersen with MLV & Co.
Jonathan M. Petersen - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Just I was hoping you could help us better understand the $750 million ATM program that you recently put in place. Just kind of how you expect to use the proceeds or if you expect to use the proceeds, do you expect to kind of trickle it out over time to fund developments or use it here and there for acquisitions? Or is it something you're going to have to keep your options open? And then also, just in terms of guidance, what's assumed in terms of that program?
Thomas S. Olinger: Okay. So right now, as you said, Jon, we're going to use it on an as-needed basis. Right now, given our sources and uses that we see in our model [indiscernible] to raise equity, we're always going to watch our long-term capital goals. But foremost, we're going to have to be at the stock price where we're trading at a premium to NAV, number one, where we're valued. And then number two, we'll look at our various funding sources across all of our different -- our capital stack and make a determination. But right now, there wouldn't be an equity raised embedded in our guidance in the second half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Rodgers with Robert W. Baird.
David B. Rodgers - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Now U.S. industrial supply this year, I think, coming in around 60 million or 65 million square feet and just kind of highlighting the domestic market. You guys are about 5 million or 6 million square feet of that or 8% or 10%. As you look forward, I think, just reading between the lines, you're talking about maybe ramping up to a 20 million square foot annual number for the U.S. I guess 2 questions. Can you, one, comment on -- if you continue to be about 10% of the overall market, that it implied about 200 million square feet starts for the U.S. over the next couple of years. One, can the market handle that? And two, can you comment on, I guess, your competitors' ability to kind of deliver the same type of supply that you're thinking about profitably?
Eugene F. Reilly: Yes, this is Gene. Let me start with that. First of all, I don't think we're going to get to 20% of the market. We also don't think that supply is going to be so anemic at 65 million feet, so that's going to grow. And we really don't think of market share as either a catalyst to build more or some type of ceiling. We just simply look at market opportunity. But in terms of our ability to deliver space, first, the first threshold is, is the market there? Right now, the market is there for sure. I mean, we've talked about the excess demand we see. And the second is the capacity of our infrastructure. And we can probably double our current volume, adding only arms and legs at the shield levels. So capacity of the organization is there. But the one thing I want to stress is that, and we've referenced it earlier on the call, we will build based on demand, not based on what our competitors are doing or some arbitrary share of the market we're trying to hit. And then finally, as I think about our competitors' ability to deliver space, well, it's been -- there's been a lot less supply than we expected. We do have competitors. They have been cautious so far. And ultimately, the landscape in the U.S. has changed quite a bit. The old local developer model really is -- doesn't exist anymore. It's really mostly institutional capital. We're watching it carefully, but I think we'll be -- we'll have a less volatile supply environment going forward because of that.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes. We're not going to -- just to be clear, we're not going to do 20 million square feet in the U.S. We've never done 20 million square feet in the U.S. That will be $1 billion in the U.S., not going to happen.
Guy F. Jaquier: The beautiful thing about our platform is that it's sort of diverse. We have the ability to choose where we develop. And what we're trying to prove out is that we can build $2.5 billion on a run rate basis, we deliver 15% margins year in and year out. It's a sustainable profitable business. And we're advantaged relative to our competitors because of our platform and our choice.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick follow-ups. That promote you booked this quarter, how much of that is influenced by you taking out -- taking full ownership of that JV? Because I think that's uncommon from what you've done in the past 2 -- if you look at promote just because of the closing of the JV itself. And second, it seems like it may be the quarter that promotes becomes a bigger picture of your company. If nothing changes in the industrial landscape from a rent growth perspective, what is the approximate level of promotes that are already embedded in your portfolio that you can probably, at the very least, expect to see in 2014 and beyond?
Guy F. Jaquier: Sure, Ki. This is Guy. I'm going to take the first one, and then I think maybe Hamid will take your second one. The promote on the Fund II was based on the price we paid for the assets, which was determined by appraisals. So there really was no impact on the amount of the promote based on pricing and how we structured the deal. The only thing it might have done is accelerated the timing of the closing. So if it's an IRR-driven fund or an IRR-driven promote, the fact that the investors got cash all at once versus a series of sales over a period of time might have an infinitesimal amount. But there's nothing in the structure that influence the promote.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes. And with respect to future levels of promotes, tough to speculate. It all depends on what that terminal value ends up being. But over time, I think you've heard me say before that we think promotes across the cycle should be on the order of 15 to 25 basis points of assets under management year in and year out. But there will be some years where there will be no promote and some years where there would be a promote. The good news is that we, by and large, don't put it into our guidance. And you guys don't give us credit for it anyway. So I guess it's not -- we don't worry about it a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. It's just a quick follow-up, sort of. You mentioned leverage on an asset value basis by the end of the year. Where is that on debt to EBITDA? That's number one. Number two, if you look at CapEx on Page 16 on the trailing 4-quarter basis, that has been consistently rising. That's almost 15% this quarter relative to 12% at this point last year. Again, it's trailing 12. So it's a smooth number. Where is that -- is that going to -- are we going to go on the other side of that at some point? Because obviously, 300 basis points of NOI increases is a lot over the course of the year. And then just lastly, my prior question. You talked -- you didn't actually give me the numbers. What was going to be in the back half of the year in terms of deployment and sales? If you can actually break out the dollars, your share, so that we really understand the ins and outs of what's happening on the balance sheet, that would be helpful.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes. Michael, let me tell you. We're not going to predict to the nearest dollar what the deployment activity is going to be in the back end of the year because a lot of those things are up in the air and may or may not happen. And so we're not going to -- I think I'll have to review directional guidance, but we can't give you specific guidance on things that haven't happened yet. So that's the answer to that. As to the CapEx question, Gene, why don't you take that?
Eugene F. Reilly: Yes, sure. Michael, so let me -- it's going to be sort of a little bit of an essay answer. The punchline is that we think total CapEx as a percentage of NOI is going to decline in quarters ahead and be in the range of 13% to 14%. That's sort of the best estimate I can give you. But the way we look -- and we have tried to improve the disclosure in the supplemental, as Tom mentioned, and give it to you in the way we think about capital. So you got basic property improvements which are not affected by leasing volume and are constant. We think the best way to look at that is the trailing 4-quarter average, and that's pretty flat at about 600 square foot, and it's been flat for quite a long time. And then turnover costs, which represent the majority of capital, we track as a percentage of the total rental value of the leases in that period. That's very important because you've got to take into consideration rent levels and lease terms, in other words, what you're getting in return for the turnover costs. And this metric is fairly steady in the mid- to high 8% range. So the bottom line is we see capital as being fairly steady in terms of a trend line. If you look simply at CapEx as a percentage of NOI, you get a lot of noise because we think volume dramatically affects it over time. So our current curve, so to speak, has an upward trend to it. Over time, that's going to be, as I said, in the 13% or 14% range.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Well, one other thing is that leases now in the cycle are getting longer, so the commissions are getting bigger. That's why you want to look at it as a percentage of the lease consideration and not on a per square foot basis. We purposefully didn't want to sign long-term leases during the downturn. We do want to sign longer-term leases as the market approaches replacement cost trends. So that alone will drive that number up on a per foot basis but hopefully not as a percentage of the lease consideration.
Thomas S. Olinger: And Michael, on your debt-to-EBITDA question, we see debt to EBITDA about 6.75 at the end of the year. And debt to EBITDA adjusted for development would be about 5.75 at the end of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Maiorana with Wells Fargo.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just want to follow up on the development and capital deployment outlook. The margins in the quarter came in, and I guess we're right around 14%, kind of in line with the 12% to 15% longer-term target that you have but down from 20%, which what you guys were sort of over-earning, I guess, if you will, the past several quarters. So first, do you think that those excess margins of 20% that, that is likely over with now and we're in a much more normalized environment going forward? And then second, maybe can you frame up why the development yields would come in, the margins would come in, given that it seems like rent growth is accelerating? Your land bank is worth more now. And it would seem that the fundamentals are more positive. So I would think that on a historical land cost, that doesn't change that, that margin is actually -- would have been accelerating a little bit as opposed to coming in a little bit.
Michael S. Curless: This is Mike Curless. I think it's -- I don't get too worked up about any given quarter with respect to margins. I like to look at this over the long haul, as Hamid mentioned. And if you look at the entire year, our margins are right at 17.5%, which is entirely consistent with our 10-quarter plan of about 18%. So if you look over the broad spectrum, I think it indicates a couple of things. One, our level of land control and customer control is driving strong margins. We're building spec in the right spots where the fundamentals are strong. And furthermore, I think it points to our land bank's value where at 18% margins versus in excess, 3% or 4% of expected margins can point to an uplift in our land of 20% or so in our land bank. So net-net, I think we feel really good about these margins and expect those to continue throughout the rest of the year.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Brendan, let me be even more precise. I think this would be a low mark in the near term, and there's a margin you'll see coming through. And at the answer -- when we answered the question about margins, we're talking about margins, if you were to buy a new land and build a new property. To the extent that our land bank being undervalued is adding to excess margin, that is why we're arguing or you've heard us say before that we think our land bank is undervalued. So I don't -- I think if we were to go buy a piece of land today and build it with the rent that we pro forma, the margins would be in the low to mid-teens. With our actual land bank at historical book and some of it impaired, I think the margins are going to be a lot higher than that. And I think this quarter is a bit of an aberration. But the long-term margins in this business are not 20%. They're a little bit lower than that.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman with Bank of America.
James C. Feldman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Tom, just turning to the operating expenses in the same-store presentation. If you look at the last 4 quarters, they've really fluctuated. I think they were 3.5% in the second quarter. How are you thinking about that going forward? And maybe like if you compare 1Q '13 at 9% to 2Q '13 at 3.5%, what were the major differences?
Thomas S. Olinger: Jamie, this is Tom. So there is noise that goes through camp. There's some seasonality to it, some true-ups that we've had. There's always the famous no removal or lockups. No, that's right. There's variances in the first half of the year. But I do think the variances are going to settle down as we go forward. So I would expect to see same-store operating expenses to normalize, quite frankly, at inflation.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. I turn the conference back over to our presenters.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Okay. Thank you, everybody, and we look forward to seeing many of you in September in sunny San Francisco.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-24 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracy A. Ward - Senior Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer Eugene F. Reilly - Chief Executive Officer of the Americas Gary A. Anderson - Chief Executive Officer of Europe and Asia Guy F. Jaquier - Chief Executive Officer of Private Capital Michael S. Curless - Chief Investment Officer and Chairman of Investment Committee
Analysts: James C. Feldman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Vance H. Edelson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division George D. Auerbach - ISI Group Inc., Research Division John Stewart - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division David B. Rodgers - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Prologis First Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Tracy Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tracy A. Ward: Thank you, Michelle, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2013 conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning, we'll hear from Hamid Moghadam, Chairman and CEO, who will comment of the company's strategy and market environment; and then from Tom Olinger, our CFO, who will cover results and guidance. Additionally, we're joined today by members of our executive team, including Gary Anderson, Mike Curless, Nancy Hemmenway, Guy Jaquier, Edward Nekritz and Gene Reilly. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I'd like to quickly state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filings. I'd also like to state that our first quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures, and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. [Operator Instructions] Hamid, will you please begin?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Thank you, Tracy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter call. The year is off to a great start, and I'm pleased with our results. Momentum is building across all our lines of business. Performance in the first quarter was driven primarily by strong operations and the continued execution of our 10 Quarter Plan, which remains ahead of schedule. Let me first offer some observations on the economic trends that affect our business. Global trade has risen well above its previous peak, and the IMF forecast of growth are 3.6% for this year and 5.3% for the next year. Globally, consumption is also expanding, with e-commerce an increasingly important factor, growing 15% per year in developed markets and more than 25% a year in emerging markets. This is driving new demand for large-scale distribution facilities around the world, first from pure online companies and second from traditional retailers, building out parallel supply chains for their online divisions. Most of these companies are positioning their distribution networks in global markets for expedited delivery, which plays right into our area of strategic focus. Space utilization stands at record levels. This suggests that our customers have less shadow space than normal, which is an important leading indicator of demand. In the U.S., personal consumption and expenditures are 5% above prior peak, and the consensus forecast is for consumption to grow by 2% this year and next. Housing is clearly on an upward trajectory, which starts in sales growing in the first quarter. Real inventories troughed 3 years ago, and today they're still 3% below their precrisis level. This is the only major economic indicator that remains below peak. We expect inventories to surpass previous highs by year end. In the U.S., net absorption in the first quarter was a positive 63 million square feet, 2.5x the comparable quarter last year and the strongest first quarter since 2000. We've not changed our forecast for net absorption of 150 million square feet for 2013, but we may prove to be conservative given the strong start to the year. In spite of surging demand, development remains in check. For the quarter, new supply was a modest 17 million square feet, well below the historic average. The majority of starts were build-to-suit projects. For the year we expect completions in the U.S. of 60 million to 70 million square feet, roughly half the norm for a recovery and in line with our estimates for annual obsolescence. I spent last week in Europe and came away convinced that demand for high quality facilities, combined with a dearth of modern supply, will result in near term improvements in occupancy and, in time, rental rates. Today, we see clear evidence of this occupancy in rental growth in northern Europe and the U.K. The key takeaways from my trip last week were, first, investor interest in investing in European logistics is growing substantially following the closing of our Norges venture. Second, the capital markets are improving. Investment activity has picked up and there is more financing available than the headlines suggest. We're confident this activity will put downward pressure on cap rates as it did in the U.S. 2 years ago. In Asia demand is driven by e-commerce and 3PLs who are reconfiguring their supply chains. Vacancy rates reached new market lows in Japan. In China, net effective rents continue to rise and are expected to grow by 5% to 7% in 2013. In short, we see a new window of opportunity opening with the return of pricing power in most markets. At the same time, we have interest rates at historic lows. These 2 conditions rarely coexist. We believe we are entering the sweet spot of the industrial rent cycle with a period of significant rental growth ahead of us. Let's switch gears now for a brief look into our results for the quarter. Our teams around the globe did a stellar job, leasing a total of 35 million square feet. This volume is 15% higher than the comparable quarter last year. We have the typical seasonal dip in occupancy in our small units. This was due to normal seasonal factors. We continue to believe this segment will experience a considerable boost from their recovering housing market. Demand for our largest properties continue to grow. We're 99% leased in spaces over 250,000 feet and completely sold out our product above 0.5 million square feet. This level of demand is significant for 2 reasons. First, following 17 quarters of rent roll downs, rent change turned positive this quarter, as we had anticipated. Recovery in rent has broadened and now includes most of the markets around the globe. Second, as we indicated at our investor forum, we expect net effective rents to grow by 20% to 25% globally through 2016. The only change from our earlier expectations is that we now believe we'll realize this growth sooner. Rental growth will be the single biggest driver of our future core earnings, and its realization is not dependent on any incremental capital investment. The lack of supply is driving our development starts, especially for the larger buildings. During the quarter, we start more than 310 million of new development projects, with an average estimated margin of more than 21%. Over 1/3 of our starts were build-to-suits. While we don't expect to sustain this level of development profitability forever, our margins point to the low book value of our land bank and the competitive advantage it provides us going forward. We saw the benefit of our land bank with a number of recent build-to-suits, including projects with Amazon, Quaker, BMW and Sainsbury's. In each case our fully entitled and ready-to-go sites were a major contributor to our success. Let me conclude with a few comments on Private Capital. During the quarter, we reached 2 key milestones. We completed the IPO of our J-REIT, which was a tremendous success and continues to trade well. This vehicle will serve as a long-term operating vehicle in Japan. We also completed the recapitalization of PEPR and our European balance sheet assets by forming our joint venture with Norges Bank. This venture underscores the strength of the European investor real estate market and the appeal of our portfolio. To sum up, Prologis had a great first quarter, and we're poised to do well going forward. With that I'll turn things over to Tom.
Thomas S. Olinger: Thanks, Hamid. This morning I'll cover 3 topics. First, our quarterly results; second, deployment and capital markets activity; and third, guidance for 2013. Starting with the results for the first quarter, core FFO was $0.40 a share, $0.01 ahead of our expectations. Net operating income was better than we forecasted driven primarily by higher occupancy. We'd expected occupancy to drop about 80 basis points sequentially in line with the higher lease roll that occurs at the beginning of each year. However, occupancy only declined 30 basis points from year end as leasing volume came in higher than forecast. Occupancy was 93.7% at quarter end. Q1 leasing volume was 35.8 million square feet, which was seasonally strong as Hamid mentioned. Rent change on rollover increased 2% for the quarter. Positive rent change was driven by space sizes 250,000 square feet and larger consistent with where we're seeing low vacancies and limited new supply. For the quarter, GAAP same-store NOI was up 0.3% and, on an adjusted cash basis, was up 1.8%. Cash same-store NOI should continue to outperform GAAP same-store throughout 2013 as we expect further benefits from contractual rent bumps and declines in the rent concessions. Switching gears to Private Capital. Our Private Capital revenues this quarter are up sequentially due to asset management fees from the J-REIT and Norges joint venture. Had both of these transactions occurred at the beginning of the quarter, our Private Capital revenue would have been almost 6 million higher. Following these transactions, about 80% of our Private Capital fees are now generated from perpetual or long life vehicles. Moving to our deployment activity. We had contributions and dispositions of $5.3 billion during the first quarter, with $3.3 billion in our share. The vast majority of this related to the closings of our J-REIT and Norges joint venture. We realized or monetized $247 million of development value creation in the first quarter, driven primarily by contributions to our J-REIT. As you know, our core FFO does not include any of these development gains even though we recognize real economic value from the transactions. To put the magnitude of the development realization in context, the development gains were $0.53 per share relative to our core FFO of $0.40 per share for the first quarter. Development starts were $313 million for the first quarter, with $218 million our share. We're continuing to see more development opportunities and, as expected, our land bank has proven to be a competitive advantage. We have very good visibility into our pipeline and are off to a great start this year for this early in the period. On the acquisition front, it was a light quarter. However, our pipeline is building as there are more opportunities coming to market. Now let me walk you through our uses of our net deployment proceeds. We used $2.4 billion of the proceeds to repay our senior convertible and secured debt, as well as paid down our credit facilities. We retained the remainder of the net proceeds and ended the quarter with $785 million in cash. Subsequent to quarter end, we completed the redemption of $482 million of our preferred stock. This leaves one series of preferred stock currently outstanding with a redemption value of $100 million. As a result of the significant disposition and contribution activity, we lowered our look-through leverage to 37.5%, a reduction of almost 600 basis points from year end, and we improved our net debt to EBITDA to 7.5x, down from 8.8x in the fourth quarter. And we also increased our U.S. dollar net equity to 66%, up from 58% at year end. Our long-term goal is to have this metric over 80%. It's important to point out that while we've significantly reduced our leverage, we've also been able to maintain our core FFO level of $0.40 per share on a year-over-year leases. Now for an update for 2013 guidance. For operations, we're maintaining our GAAP same-store NOI range of 1.5% to 2.5%. We continue to expect year-end occupancy to range between 94% and 95%. On the expense side, we're maintaining our net G&A guidance range of $220 million to $230 million. For capital deployment, our 2013 forecast continues to range from $1.9 billion to $2.4 billion. This includes $1.5 to $1.8 billion of development starts with our share at approximately 75%. Based on the pipeline we see today, we could be at the high end of this range. And $400 million to $600 million of building acquisitions with our share at about 35%. Turning to contributions and dispositions. We're maintaining our guidance of $7.5 billion to $10 billion for the year, with our share of the proceeds to be about 60%. With the activity completed in the first quarter, we're at about 60% of the way through our disposition and contribution guidance for the entire year. The balance of the guidance totals $2.3 billion to $4.8 billion with dispositions primarily in the U.S. and contributions to our co-investment ventures in Europe, Japan, Brazil and Mexico. We've revised our FX guidance and are now assuming the euro at 1.3 and the yen at 100 to reflect the strengthening of the U.S. dollar over the past quarter. This change has about a $0.03 per share negative impact on full year core FFO. We continue to expect 2013 core FFO to range between $1.60 and $1.70 per share. As we discussed last quarter, our core FFO guidance is significantly impacted by dilution from the timing and associated friction of redeploying the proceeds from our contributions and disposition activity. Relative to this, the average annual yield on contributions and dispositions is approximately 6.8%, while the average annual yield on our use of proceeds is approximately 4.2%. These use of proceeds consist of debt repayments, preferred redemptions and capital deployment. As a result of the redeployment timing and friction, core FFO will not be evenly distributed between the quarters for the balance of 2013. We expect second quarter core FFO to be $0.02 to $0.03 lower than the first quarter. Core FFO will increase in the back half of 2013, primarily driven by higher NOI from development stabilizations, same-store NOI growth and lower interest cost. Before I close I want to discuss 2 new disclosures in our supplemental this quarter. The first disclosure relates to our debt-to-EBITDA metric. As you know, development is a key business segment for us. However, its earnings or realized value accretion gains are not included in our core FFO or in EBITDA as I pointed out earlier. In order to correct for this misalignment, certain adjustments need to be made to our debt-to-EBITDA calculation to appropriately reflect our development business. These adjustments are detailed in our supplemental and include increasing EBITDA for stabilized NOI from the pipeline, increasing debt to fund the remaining cost to complete the pipeline and decreasing debt by the book value of the land bank. Using this methodology, our debt to EBITDA was 6.2x for the first quarter. This is the right metric to use to compare us to REITs, who do not have a meaningful development business. The second disclosure relates to G&A as a percentage of AUM. We use this metric internally to measure and manage our overhead cost. We provided 2 ways to look at this metric based on whether you want to use our AUM owned and managed or our share basis. Using owned and managed AUM, you need to include both our G&A and Private Capital expenses in the numerator. This results in 69 basis points. Using our share of AUM, you need to include both G&A and Private Capital expenses, but you must deduct our Private Capital revenues from the numerator, which results in 61 basis points. The traditional way of measuring G&A as a percentage of FFO is not applicable for us given our substantial Private Capital business. To wrap up, I'm very pleased with our results this quarter and the positive impact you now see in our financial position resulting from the progress we made on our strategic priorities. While we have a little further to go to reach our long-term leverage and foreign currency exposure targets, we're in a great position to take advantage of emerging opportunities and to profitably grow the company. With that, I'll turn it back to Hamid.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Thanks, Tom. Here are the key points I hope you take away from today's call. First, the recovery in industrial real estate continues around the globe. This is evident in growing demand in the face of still very modest supply of new space. We're in an unusual phase of the cycle where we benefit from both low interest rates and accelerating growth in rents. Second, the substantial work associated with the merger is complete, and we're ahead of schedule on our 10 quarter priorities. We built a solid foundation from which to grow in the coming years. Third, we believe the scale of our operating platform, the depth of our expertise and customer relationships, and our substantial land bank provide us with some significant competitive advantages going forward. We have the financial resources, both public and private, to capitalize on a growing and exciting set of new opportunities around the world. With that we will open it up to your questions. Michelle?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jeff Spector from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
James C. Feldman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Jamie Feldman here with Jeff. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the kind of leasing you did see in the quarter and what you're expecting for the year. I know there's a lot of talk about housing helping demand grow, but maybe just frame how much of your bullish comments are housing related, how much is e-commerce, how much is supply chain redesign, just to frame a little bit more of what's going on out there.
Eugene F. Reilly: Sure, Jamie, it's Gene. Let me take that. I think it's broad-based. Obviously what's really moving the needle is e-commerce because you have a lot of very, very large transactions. So they're driving the absorption in the market, and we're certainly seeing our fair share of that. But we're also beginning to see -- although in this quarter, as Hamid mentioned, we had a normal seasonal decline in occupancy of small spaces, Jamie, I'm actually more bullish this quarter about our prospects for small tenant leasing than I was last quarter. Last year, I think we dropped in the first quarter and then built about 340 basis points of occupancy in that segment. And like I said, I feel better about this year. So it's fairly broad-based. We need better information for you guys relative to housing. What we do see is that there's more floor-covering-type demand, more demand for millwork, appliances and other housing-related activity, and that's probably growing 25%, 30% sort of quarter-to-quarter. So we are seeing that, and that does show more in the small tenant spaces. One final thing on aggregate demand and sort of our general sense of bullishness, I'll speak to the U.S. and there isn't any doubt that e-commerce is driving tons of demand. We're getting our share. But it's really -- it's focused on major population centers. It's focused on gateways. So there is -- there are winners and losers in this, and we think our portfolio is well positioned.
Gary A. Anderson: So, Jamie, just a couple of things. I think on Europe and Asia, with respect to Europe, it's really about high utilization rates. The spaces that they're in are full. We don't have the same phenomenon of housing driving Europe today. In fact, the housing market -- it's really tough to get data on housing in Europe, but the data that we've been able to piece together in some of the larger markets is that from 2007, which was the peak, housing starts have dropped 55% and haven't recovered yet. That will be something that will be a driver in the future for Europe. In Japan, e-commerce is a big play. But the bigger and broader play, quite frankly, is reconfiguration, and that's going to happen for decades, so that's not a story that's going to go away. And in China, again it's about consumption: moving from an export-oriented economy to a consumption economy, and again that's going to take some time. So we're optimistic about leasing in Europe and Asia.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Toti from Cantor Fitzgerald.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: I just have a very quick question. Can you walk us through the 9% same-store expense growth that you posted in the quarter? What were some of the primary drivers there? And is it possibly related to some of the changes that you've instituted?
Gary A. Anderson: Yes. It's Gary. Let me take a stab at that. First of all, I'd tell you that if you look at the comparable quarter Q1 2012, that was a very low expense quarter. We were actually down 6.6%, so it's tough to compare quarter to quarter, but let me try. The 9% change is really split into 2 pieces. You had the Americas and Europe, and it was basically half and half. For the Americas, we say this occasionally, but it really had to do with a light winter in '11 '12, so we didn't see much expense in the first quarter of '12. For Europe, it's a little bit more complicated story. You had the same sort of winter variants, light winter in Central and Eastern Europe. We had some repair and maintenance increases in northern and southern Europe, and there were some utility and property tax timing differences. Net-net-net, what I would tell you is that I wouldn't be concerned about operating expenses spiraling out-of-control. We've got them under control. Most of these are recoverable expenses. And in my view, again, I think we need to get a couple of quarters behind this, so we can get really good clean comparable quarter-to-quarter data.
Operator: . Your next question comes from Michael Bilerman from Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Hamid, you talked in your comments about sort of the rental growth upside that you laid out last September, the 20% to 25% upside in rents by 2016. And I think you made the comment on the call that you believe that you're still going to get it, but you're going to get it sooner. And the other thing that you put out at that Investor Day was, call it, $400 million of potential incremental NOI over $0.80, with the majority of that coming from this rent growth. And so just given the lease rollover schedule that you have, how should we start thinking about that 365 annualized number starting to hit bottom line FFO next year, the year after? How quickly will that come?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Sure, Michael, that's a good question, and I think probably the single most important question in terms of what our earnings profile is going to look like in the next couple of years. The $400 million is a simple math of roughly 25% plus a little bit of occupancy gain, which from the point I made to comment, stabilization is about 2 to 3 points. It's a combination of 21%, 22% rental growth and a couple of points of occupancy gain, and 25% of $1.6 billion is $400 million, and that's how that math comes from. We actually did not project that in terms of what actually rolls over through the leases through 2016. I don't know. My guess would be 70% of it will rollover by 2016, and some of it will be anticipated in 2016 on our 2017 numbers. So it will be maybe 85%, 90% of it, but it's some fraction of it. It's not 100% of it. The other thing you've got going is that the leases in the interim that get marked to market are obviously going to have escalations on them. So those, while not affecting GAAP, those affect sort of our cash same-store kind of growth numbers. So that's really a ballpark estimate, but directionally, I think, if I'm going to make a guess, I would say we're probably 6 months earlier than what I told you 6 months ago. So feeling pretty good.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Mailman from KeyBanc Capital.
Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Jordan Sadler is on the line with me as well. Tom, I know you touched on it in the prepared remarks, the bump in expenses or the Private Capital business. Basically I know on Page 30 you laid out the pro forma edition there. But just looking -- are a lot of the expenses kind of front-loaded in that 99 and that 5.8 million flows right to the top line, or is there a little bit of margin erosion in the Private Capital business?
Thomas S. Olinger: No, it's a great question. There is not. We're actually going to see improved margins in our Private Capital business. When you look at the Q1 number, it's seasonally a little high. That number will come down as we look forward into Q -- the rest of the year. And that -- the Private Capital expenses are going to go up a little bit as a result of NPR and that platform cost. And there are more assets under management in that business now compared to Q4. But Q1 was a little seasonally high. It will come back down, and you're going to see pretty significant margin improvement over the year in our Private Capital business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vance Edelson.
Vance H. Edelson - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Could you comment on property valuations in Europe? Are there any signs of improved sentiment there and higher valuations being applied? Or do you think that's going to have to wait for actual economic improvement, even though you're clearly outperforming based on the push toward upgraded logistics now?
Gary A. Anderson: Yes. It's Gary. Look, I think that this is happening. We've seen of a very slight bit of compression over the course of the last quarter. But again I think that the Norges transaction that we did recently is a watershed event. And I think that you're going to see more capital coming into Europe. And as a result, I think you're going to see more compression. Valuations are lagging today, but I would expect over the course of the next 12 months you're going to see improvement there.
Guy F. Jaquier: This is Guy. Just to add to that a little bit. In our funds in Europe, we've seen pretty much flat values for 7 quarters. We have not seen a recovery in value since the trough. If you look at last year, the entire logistics fund industry in Europe might have raised EUR 100 million of capital, virtually nothing given the scale of that market. Since the Norges transaction was announced, we have seen a significant pick up of real inquiries, real investors doing due diligence. And going back to Hamid's comments, we think the capital will flow through funds, ours and others, and will start to drive those values.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brendan Maiorana from Wells Fargo.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A question on the debt-to-EBITDA metric in the back of the supplemental, which, Tom, you mentioned in your prepared remarks. I'm wondering if you guys are now sort of looking at the balance sheet on that adjusted pro forma metric of 6.2x as opposed to the 7.5x, which is on the traditional metric and what that might mean for your target leverage and debt-to-EBITDA metrics, which I think on the traditional calculation are still 5x to 6x.
Thomas S. Olinger: Brendan, it's Tom. Thanks for your question. There is absolutely no change in our long term leverage targets. We still want to get to 30%. We wanted to share the adjusted debt-to-EBITDA metric for the development business to make sure people really understand how that business impacts those metrics. And if you want to compare us to other companies who do not have a substantial development business, you have to adjust for that business to accurately reflect our financial position. So we think it's the right way to compare us to other companies, but absolutely no change in our long-term goals of leverage.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Nussbaum from UBS.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about the goal you have for your U.S. dollar exposure? I think the commentary was you're up to 66% on Q1 transactions and the long-term goal was 80%. Generally speaking, can you just refresh us on what your time frame for that goal is? And at this point, are there any other, what I'll call, big moving pieces to get to that goal, or is it the basic blocking and tackling of the [indiscernible]
Thomas S. Olinger: Ross, this is Tom. We'll see that goal -- I think we'll attain that goal over the next 2 years. The biggest movers of that were clearly the J-REIT transaction and the Norges transaction. As you know, we have the ability to sell down an incremental 30% in our Norges joint venture 2 years out. That will significantly impact this number. And we'll continue to contribute assets off of our balance sheet, development assets off our balance sheet in Japan into NPR. Now when you think about the other big dials that will turn this, it's really going to be on the debt side of the equation. We really moved most of the pieces on the asset side. So now it's on the debt side. You're going to see us move more of our long-term debt out of U.S. dollars into euro and yen to further naturally hedge our exposure. I think that'll take us over the balance of the next 2 years to get those pieces together, hopefully sooner.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Auerbach from ISI Group.
George D. Auerbach - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Hey, Tom, could you help us maybe bridge the step down in revenues from the first quarter to the second quarter as you sort of fully move Norges and the J-REIT assets out of the revenue run rate?
Thomas S. Olinger: Yes, so as a reminder, NPR happened on February 14, so it's in Q1's results for half a quarter. The Norges transaction happened on March 18, so less than 15 days in the quarter. When you look at those 2 transactions alone, that is about -- when you net -- after you net out the incremental fees we get from those transactions, it's about $27 million of NOI. So that is really what's driving that decline. And then there's also the timing impact of how we're deploying the capital. If you remember, we ended the quarter with $785 million in cash, and we're putting that to work in the second quarter. As you know, we redeemed $482 million of our preferred shares, and we also have substantially all of our balance sheet debt maturing by June 1 of this year. So we'll be able to redeploy a significant amount of the excess proceeds in the back half of the second quarter, but that really explains that dip. And going into the second half of the year, you're going to see core FFO grow back because we're going to see stabilizations from our development pipeline. As you know, we've been ramping up our development pipeline. That kicks in, you're going to see same-store NOI growth kick in. And also you're going to see the full impact of our deleveraging through lower interest expense, as well as the elimination of those preferred securities.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Stewart.
John Stewart - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Tom, could you please give us the releasing spreads on a cash basis? And then, Hamid, you pointed out that the J-REIT has continued to trade well since the IPO. But, of course, the flip side is that there was some value left on the table. Could you please speak to the process, the execution and the trading since the IPO?
Eugene F. Reilly: John, it's Gene. Let me take your first question on the cash rent change. We do not track that metric. And the reason we don't is, as you know, it's extremely volatile, and we believe other measure is more informative. So if we look at our quarterly GAAP rent change, in fact, it's in concessions and rent bumps and is a better gauge for comparing real apples-to-apples net effective rents on a quarterly basis. We think that's helpful. But if we really want to understand where our cash in place rents relative to the current market, you look at it just on a quarterly basis, you get a lot of noise. But as the rents have recovered globally, we think today overall the portfolio is currently under-rented by about 5%.
Hamid R. Moghadam: So, John, this is Hamid. In Japan, the way an IPO works is that the buyer of the J-REIT, I cannot buy assets for more than appraised value, particularly when acquiring assets from a sponsor that's an affiliate. So no matter where the REIT market would have been, even if we were doing it today, it would have to transact at the same number. So really the pricing of the IPO only affects leverage and not the price of the sponsor. The more the price is, the lower the leverage is. So even if we had waited till today with the benefit of 20/20 hindsight and executed on the peak of the market, we wouldn't have gotten a dime more in proceeds. So that's the first point. The second point is that our range of pricing was JPY 500,000 to JPY 550,000. We priced at the top of that range, which was equivalent to the low 5% cap rate on the assets that were contributed. And that was a much more attractive cap rate than any of the analysts following us have in their NAV. And finally, I would say that in terms of exchange gains, notwithstanding the yen, if you will, weakening in the last 3 months from where we invested in those assets, we have several hundred million dollars of gain that you'll never see because they're foreign exchange gains. So in short, we're very pleased about the execution of the J-REIT, and we think it'll continue to be a great vehicle for growing values in Japan for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Mueller from JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess on the acquisition side, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the types of products you're looking at. Is it what you see in the pipeline as a predominantly stabilized assets? Is it stuff with lot of vacancy or just something in between?
Michael S. Curless: This is Mike. We're certainly looking at a combination of acquisition opportunities, which range from primarily core. Most of our activity here has been -- 95% has been in the core markets. But a very important part of our business is the value-added acquisition. Part of our business where we have real success in identifying below or off market and very attractive returns that we can add our leasing machine to and create some real value. So I think we'll get combination of that as we look forward to the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Chao from Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a quick question, just going back to sort of the development pipeline and the value creation there. Yes, I know you said the margins are pretty high right now. But just looking at the weighted average cap rate at stabilization estimated at 6 4, I know that ticked down just a tiny bit quarter-on-quarter. But just thinking about that relative to some of the cap rates that were discussed at the Investor Day, it just seems like it's a little bit high given the mix of assets we're talking about here in the pipeline being almost 50/50 Asia, U.S. And so I'm just wondering if you could provide some color on that, if that's just conservatism in there or if I'm not -- maybe I'm not interpreting that correctly.
Thomas S. Olinger: Vince, this is Tom. To go back, we'd like you to think about what we've talked about margins to be from a long-term perspective. We've talked about build-to-suit margins being in the low-double digits. We've talked about spec being mid to high teens. And what you're seeing today is really those margins are reflective of the land bank that we're seeing today.
Eugene F. Reilly: And let me just add one more thing, Vincent. You do have some mix of Brazil and Mexico probably in those numbers, which certainly in the case of Brazil dramatically affect it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Bilerman from Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, I just had a follow-up in terms of the G&A disclosure, Tom. I certainly appreciate it. I guess thinking about that you are in the development business the same way that you talk about the debt to EBITDA, you're deducting from here the $85 million of development G&A that you're capitalizing in the projects, but you're not including that as sort of this platform, but you are including the land and the development portfolio in your AUM. And actually it's a meaningful percentage. That's like 20 basis points in terms of G&A. I'm just curious why you don't think about the totality of the enterprise that you need because arguably you are in the development business. And if you are in the development business, you would have to either bring those people on or get rid of them, but then you wouldn't have the development AUM. So I'm just trying to think about how you are thinking about managing the enterprise in that way.
Hamid R. Moghadam: So, Michael, you're absolutely right. We are in the development business and those are real people with real costs associated with them. And by all means you're welcome to add that to our G&A and look at it in the totality of our business. But that would be one way of looking at it. But it seems to me that it would be pretty inconsistent with looking at it without any of the gain or value creation coming out of the real estate -- out of the development business. So I guess the most conservative way of looking at it is to add 20 basis points to our overhead and continue to not count any value creation in the development business. The more modest way would be to attribute the proper overhead which, long term by the way, is a variable cost. Short term, it may not be a variable cost. And if we decided, for some reason, which we're not going to decide, just to be clear, to get out of the development business, we wouldn't forever have all these extra developers around. We would rightsize our organization. We could theoretically put all those people in a related entity off to the side and outsource to them as well and still show the same margins because the margins that we're showing, the 21%, doesn't include the cap overhead. If we were to add that to the margin, it would probably be 25%. So look, we're going to give you all the data. You can figure it out any way you want. In the long term, those costs are variable. In the short term, they're fixed. That's a real business. It produces real profits, and we're very excited to have it going forward. And full disclosure, you figure it out.
Thomas S. Olinger: Hey, Michael, just one point of clarification. The $88 million annualizing the capitalized cost, those are not all development. About 40% of those costs relate to leasing. We'll clear that up so you can see the components of that going forward in the supplemental. And also to point out that we're not capping all of our development costs by any means. So sitting in our G&A are costs that support all of our businesses, and our back-office supports development just like it does our rent business, and those costs are not getting capitalized.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes, it's just the direct cost of development, not the indirect cost of development so.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Salinsky, RBC Capital.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about the transaction [ph] activity plans for the balance of the year, how we should expect timing in terms of development starts? And also at the pipeline right now is about a 7.8% yield. Where would you expect additional starts to commence at over the balance of the year?
Michael S. Curless: Well, in terms of our activity -- this is Mike. In terms of our activity in development starts, as Tom and Hamid mentioned we're certainly off to a good start this year at 300 million plus in the first quarter, which is typically a very light quarter. To give you a little contrast, this time last year we were at [indiscernible] 14% of the midpoint of our guidance range. We're already at 20% of the midpoint of the guidance range, and we have a handful of announcements, I think you've seen already, to put the balance of our development forecast in really good shape. We've got a handful -- announcements have been made and will be made soon to get the second quarter off to a real good start. And so, therefore, I think we're very bullish relative to our guidance on development activity going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brendan Maiorana from Wells Fargo.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I had just 2 follow-ups. One, Tom, I think you mentioned initially in your prepared remarks that same-store guidance of GAAP basis plus 1.5% to plus 2.5% was unchanged, but I think you also stated that cash is likely to be higher. Wondering if the spread of roughly 100, 150 basis points that we saw in Q1, higher cash versus GAAP is likely to sustain throughout the rest of the year. And then secondly, on FFO guidance. I think you said the FX changes were a negative $0.03 a share. So should we sort of look at, from an operational perspective, that you're feeling $0.03 better at sort of the midpoint of your guidance, Q1 versus what you guys reported or what you guided to in February?
Thomas S. Olinger: Okay, Brendan, on the same-store GAAP versus cash, if you look over the last really 5 quarters, the spread between GAAP and cash has ranged -- has averaged about 100 basis points. I think we'll see cash same-store outperform GAAP by about between 100, 150 basis points for the year. I think that's going to hold. Regarding the -- your FX question, and it did have a negative $0.03 impact on full year guidance. And you're right, we are seeing ops offset that, which is helping us keep our range the same.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dave Rodgers from Robert W. Baird.
David B. Rodgers - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, Hamid, with regard to the speculative development and construction that we've seen obviously increasing in the last couple of quarters with your excitement around the business as well, maybe can you talk about governors around the overall development pipeline kind of the sizing of the pipeline relative to the size of the company that you're thinking today, and then how that sizing might depend relative to the build-to-suit and speculative mix?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Good question, Dave. So just to put the historic perspective, at the peak, I think the old Prologis was doing in the high 3s and the old AMB was doing in the low 1s of development. So combining those 2 platforms, even without considering that we have Brazil, which is an added market, it would have been 5 billion a year. We're not going to do $5 billion a year. We've been doing about $1.5 billion, inching up to $2 billion. As we laid out now 2, 3 years ago, we think it's a $2.5 billion a year type of number. To put a range on it, we only think it's $2 billion to $3 billion when it finally ramps up and it's stabilized. Not all of that will be our capital. Remember in Japan -- excuse me, in China and Brazil and Mexico, we're doing that with Private Capital. So roughly 60% of that will be our capital exposure. So our capital exposure on a run rate annual basis, call it, $2.5 billion times 60%, $1.5 billion on a bigger company compared to $5 billion before. So it's much more modest in the context of certainly history. In terms of -- and we continue to believe that the opportunity, profitable opportunity is about $2.5 billion a year. I mean, we could do $5 billion, but it wouldn't be profitable okay, and we're not going to do that. And I think it's going to be a year or 2 before we get to that level if the market continues in this direction. The build-to-suit percentage is -- has been unusually high. In the last year, it was 57%, et cetera, et cetera. Today, I think the run rate for build-to-suit is probably 25% to 30% for a company our size. But remember the spec deals that you talk about -- this is not putting up a 40 story spec office building somewhere. This is building the seventh building in a park where the other 6 buildings are full and we have visibility into what demand is. So I don't know what you call that, incremental development, whatever the name is, but purely it's not development in a spec or pioneering type of location. It's a [indiscernible] with an established base. And when you're 95% leased, which we're not there yet, but we'll get there, an incremental million square foot building on Prologis' 550 million square foot base is not really material. So I think we're very prudently managing risk in an integrated way across the company by not just the volume of development, but also by our capital exposure in development.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Guinee from Stifel.
John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Well, first wonderful job on the 10-quarter plan. Congratulations. Looking at Page 28, because that's an easy one to look at, Hamid, about a $30 billion total enterprise value, about $47 billion of AUM, does your 3-year plan basically have enough active asset recycling that the $30 billion and $47 billion number stay about the same? Or is this also a growth business in terms of those numbers, as well as square footage? And then the second question, which is really part of the first question is, you're creating a lot of value. It's not coming through the core FFO, but what's your thinking about the dividend and the ability to raise the dividend?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Great question. So, again, good questions there. I think we are going to grow in terms of square footage in AUM, but not because that's a metric that we plan to, but because of the opportunities I see in front of us in terms of the business. And let me elaborate on that. First of all, we are cleaning up the portfolio pretty quickly in terms of getting out of other markets and the bottom of our regional markets. And as that process continues, there's less of it to sell. And I think we'll sell a couple billion a year for a little while, but I think on the other hand, we're developing, as I mentioned earlier, $2 billion, $2.5 billion a year, and we'll certainly have some acquisition activity on top of that. So I think net-net-net, AUM will grow, not a number that we plan around, but I think that's going to be the reality of the picture. What was your second question? Oh, dividend, dividend. I love dividend. I think the key run rate of the dividend will be matched to our key core FFO rate, over time. If -- our development gains and the way we look at it are not really accounting or realized gains. I mean what we do in terms of development and creating a margin does not necessarily mean that we're going to realize it in cash. It just means that we may put it in the operating portfolio. We may sell it to a third-party, or we may contribute it to one of our related platforms. So I think if we, all of a sudden, get gobs of cash because we sell it to a third party and we book a lot or we earn a lot of cash profits, maybe we'll do a special dividend at that time for that purpose if we can't manage it another way. I'm not a big fan of special dividends, but that's conceptually how we think about it. But really the long-term rate of the dividend needs to be matched to the core FFO earning power of the company.
Thomas S. Olinger: John, I would add on the -- the other piece that the development gains really allow us to do is we're really -- we're redeploying that capital, all those profits, back into our development engine. It allows us to recycle that capital much more effectively, much more quickly. We don't have to go out in the market so those profits are really helping us fund our growing development business.
Hamid R. Moghadam: And, John, let me also mention one other thing. As I said in the investor forum last September, I think eventually people will start giving us credit. I hope, by the way, never at 10x or 12x or whatever people were counting development profits in the good old days, but at the sensible 4x, 5x kind of a number in terms of the value that we're creating in that number, I may be wrong about that, but that's what I think. So I think there's some good news there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Salinsky from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: When you talked about the effect of single-family a couple of quarters back, you talked about the small block space in the portfolio. Can you give us an update what -- how much leasing you're -- the occupancy in that portfolio, and how that's tracked over the last couple of quarters? Have you seen a pick-up in single-family housing?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Mike, I'll tell you what, Gene already answered that question a little earlier. You may not have been on the call. So instead of repeating that, why don't you just call Gene, and he'll take you through it, if you don't mind.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Spector from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
James C. Feldman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's Jamie again. Just following up on what you're saying about build-to-suit and just new supply in general, is there something going on in this cycle that there is more of a demand for build-to-suit rather than spec? And I'm just thinking maybe it's like e-commerce related or supply chain redesign, where these companies want very specific -- have very specific requirements. Or is there something else that's driving the fact that we've seen so much more build-to-suit than usual at this point?
Hamid R. Moghadam: I think the buildings are getting bigger for e-commerce and there are fewer private developers. The private developing machine is really constrained right now because of financing. And, Jamie, you would know that obviously. So it's tough for these private guys to get a lot of financing, million-square-foot buildings even in out-of-the-way places are $50, $60 a foot, so those are big-ticket items. I don't think it's because the buildings are particularly specialized. I mean the shelves and configurations are pretty flexible. What people put inside of them in terms of conveyor systems and the like in some cases can be elaborate, but that's at the tenant's cost and it's removable. In fact, actually, if you go look inside a lot of these fulfillment centers that are these big buildings, you'd be really surprised to see how low tech some of them are with boxes sitting around on the floor and actually the building is not that crazily, heavily utilized because the whole distribution is set up around parcels as opposed to pallets and all that. So nothing special about the buildings. Buildings are getting bigger, and the private machinery for building spec is constrained because you can't get 100% financing. Mike, do you have more to say about that?
Michael S. Curless: Yes, there's more expectations I think with these customers to identify what we like to consider the safe choice, folks that don't have any financing contingencies have a long track record with building high-quality buildings, and these requirements are gravitating, as you've heard before, to larger or global markets. And those 3 facts have contributed to, we think, a very substantial and high closure rate for us. And then you mix in the dearth of supply of large spaces around the country, then they really got nowhere else to go. And it's all playing very well into our hands right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Bilerman.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just had a quick question. Tom, just on the debt to EBITDA, the 7.5 GAAP number, the debt is reflective of all the sales that you did because it's an end-of-quarter number. Have you pro forma the EBITDA down for the NOI that's effectively going out from the sales?
Thomas S. Olinger: Yes, we have. When I talked earlier about the drop in NOI over quarter 1 to quarter 2 of the run rate, we've adjusted that down. It's about $27 million, I think. It's footnoted. I think it's on Page 9 of the supplemental.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Okay, Michael, you get the last word. Thank you, everyone, for your interest, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter if not sooner. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-31 15:00:00) =====
Executives: Ron Hubbard - Vice President, Investor Relations Denny Oklak - Chairman and CEO Christie Kelly - Executive Vice President and CFO Mark Denien - Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets Michael Bilerman - Citi Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo James Sullivan - Cohen & Company Jamie Feldman - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets Dave Rodgers - Baird
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Duke Realty Fourth Quarter and Year End 2012 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer period. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) Also, as a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Ron Hubbard. Please go ahead.
Ron Hubbard: Thank you, Ann. Good afternoon everyone. And welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Denny Oklak, Chairman and CEO; Christie Kelly, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mark Denien, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we make our prepared remarks, let me remind you that statements we make today are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. For more information about those risk factors, we would refer you our 10-K that we have on file with the SEC dated February 25, 2011. Now for our prepared statement, Ill turn it over to Denny Oklak.
Denny Oklak: Thank you, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. Today I will highlight some of our key accomplishments during 2012. Christie will then address our financial performance and progress on our capital strategy. Well then share more details on our 2013 guidance. Our solid operational performance, strong new development starts and continued progress in repositioning the composition of the portfolio consistent with our strategic plan resulted in an outstanding year for Duke Realty. A few of the highlights for the year were as follows. We signed a near record 29 million square feet of leases and achieved a record 83% tenant retention rate. We improved in-service occupancy to 93% and grew same property NOI 2.5%. We commenced $520 million in new development starts and acquired over $800 million of industrial and medical office properties, and completed $153 million in dispositions, again in accordance with our repositioning strategy. And we issued $600 million of unsecured debt at weighted average yield of 4.2%. Ill now touch a little bit on the overall market conditions that we are experiencing and how that is affecting our business. First, let me say that we did not really feel the effects of the fourth quarter negative GDP growth announced yesterday. Overall activity in all product types was reasonably consistent for us this quarter. Industrial market across the country remained solid as reflected in our portfolio. All the three of our markets are over 90% leased and nine are over 95% leased. Leasing activity is robust and build-to-suite development is active on a national level. Net demand for warehouse space was 40.8 million square feet in the fourth quarter, making it the second strongest quarter since record keeping began in 1993. An example of this strength is Indianapolis industrial market which is just 3.3% vacant, only 1.7% vacant in the bulk product. Most markets generally have well under 10% vacancy rates today. We are seeing an increase in speculative construction starts but its still not look at a level that is concerning in any market. The medical office business continues to benefit from ongoing structural changes in the industry. Hospital consolidation is happening at a strong pace, physicians practices are being sold to major hospital systems and all healthcare providers are adapting to the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. This is driving strong demand in our medical office business. Last year we started nearly 200 million of healthcare projects and we have a strong backlog of potential development projects that were working on. Another trend we are seeing is major hospital systems opening freestanding emergency facilities throughout major metropolitan areas. These projects are structured as long-term net lease transactions and we anticipate this will become a small part of our overall healthcare portfolio with a few of our major customers in larger markets. As you know, we completed the acquisition of 14-building portfolio early in the fourth quarter and were very pleased with our operations so far. Overall healthcare is a very strong piece of our business. The suburban office business is still slow but activity seems to be stabilizing at a slightly higher level. We have seen more customers in the market for larger spaces, as well as an increase in build-to-suite interest from our major companies. And there is very little, if any speculative development happening with the possible exception of Houston, which I will touch on later. As for operating results of our portfolio, the in-service occupancy was 93.0% at December 31st, up 50 basis points for the quarter and up 230 basis points from year end 2011 occupancy of 90.7%. This is our highest in-service occupancy in more than a decade, reflecting great leasing activity in our limited spec development starts. We signed approximately 29 million square feet of leases in 2012, including 8.3 million square feet during the fourth quarter. We also achieved a lease renewal rate of nearly 85% for the fourth quarter and for the full year retain an all-time record 83% of our expiring leases. The occupancy increase was driven by our bulk industrial portfolio, which now stands at an excellent 94.6%. This is reflection of the quality of our local operating teams and strategically located high-quality properties. Same property NOI for the three and 12 months ended December 31st was a positive 1.6% and positive 2.5%, respectively. This is a great result when you consider the relative slow economic growth we saw in 2012, particularly in the fourth quarter. Bulk industrial is also leading the way on same property performance at a strong 3.1% growth. This growth was driven by both occupancy growth and growth in our net effective rental rates at our bulk properties. Now let me touch on some of the key results within each product type for the year and fourth quarter. Leasing activity was terrific in our industrial portfolio as we signed over 7.3 million square feet of leases during the quarter. Some of our larger lease deals signed during the quarter included a 506,000 square foot renewal lease combined with 161,000 square foot expansion for 5.5 years with McGraw-Hill in Columbus, Ohio, a 463,000 square foot renewal with Genco Distribution for four years also in Columbus, a 600,000 square foot five-year renewal lease with Crossroads Centers in our Indianapolis market, a 275,000 square foot renewal for five years with Ford Motor Company in Orlando and we signed a 159,000 square foot new lease with Essilor of America for eight years in Dallas. Despite the challenging office sector fundamentals previously mentioned, our team performed well in 2012 executing 3.4 million square feet of leases for the year and over 750,000 square feet in the fourth quarter, increasing our in-service occupancy to 86.3%, a 90 basis point improvement from year end 2011. Some of our notable fourth quarter lease deals include a 94,000 square foot renewal lease with ATOS IT Solutions in Cincinnati, a 35,000 square foot new lease with the GSA in Cleveland and a combined 104,000 square foot expansion and renewal lease with Panera restaurants in St. Louis. Our medical office portfolio continues to produce strong results with over 900,000 square feet of leases signed during the year, ending the year with an overall occupancy of 92.5%, a 350 basis point improvement over year end 2011. We also made solid progress in our asset strategy during the quarter and for the full year. As you know, our asset strategy is focused on the acquisition and development of high quality industrial and medical office assets and the reduction of our suburban office portfolio. In accordance with this strategy, we acquired 440 million of industrial and medical office assets totaling over 2.9 million square feet in the fourth quarter, bringing the total executed acquisitions to $800 million for the year. On the disposition side, proceeds from the fourth quarter were $26 million and $153 million for the year. With this activity we ended the year allocated 51% to bulk industrial, 29% to office, 16% to medical office and 4% retail toward our strategic goal of 60% industrial, 25% office and 15% medical office. We acquired four bulk industrial facilities in strategic markets during the quarter. We acquired two properties in key Northern California Central Valley Submarket, a 726,000 square foot facility, which is 100% leased to ConAgra for their main western region distribution center and a 552,000 square foot facility, 100% leased to Delicato Wines. In the Chicago market we acquired a 288,000 square foot vacant industrial facility in an off-market transaction in the I-55 corridor where we own 10 existing facilities. In a testament to our best-in-class local market teams, simultaneous with the closing of this acquisition, we lease 66% of the space to an existing tenant from one of our other nearby facilities that was looking for expansion space. We purchased the building at roughly 25% below replacement costs and we expect the investment to general -- generate a stabilized yield of approximately 7.7%. Finally, we acquired 135,000 square foot industrial facility in the Southeast Houston Submarket that is also 100% leased. During the quarter we close our previously announced medical office acquisition of Seavest Healthcare, a very high quality 14 building, 1.2 million square foot primarily on campus portfolio that was 89.2% leased at closing. Through an existing customer relationship we also acquired a small 60,000 square foot medical office building in Cincinnati and on-campus facility that is 100% lease for 15 years. As we stated recently, going forward, you will see our medical office focus on build-to-suite developments with limited acquisitions occurring through existing Tenet Healthcare existing healthcare relationships. We are very happy with the high quality mix of acquisitions this quarter, which combined our estimated earnings 6.9% weighted average stabilized yield with solid annual rent growth over the average lease term in place of six years. Turning to development, we started 19 new projects during 2012 totaling $520 million in projected stabilized cost, an excellent year which shows its strength of the Duke Realty development platform. During the fourth quarter, we started four build-to-suit projects, one industrial and three medical office. Starting with industrial, we are under construction on a 1.02 million-square-foot bulk industrial facility in South Seattle off Interstate 5. Facilities are 100% leased for 15 years to a major retailer. The three medical office build-to-suit projects totaled 126,000 square feet are with existing hospital system relationships, Scott & White and Good Samaritan. One facility is located in Cincinnati, Ohio and the other two are in North and Central Texas. All three projects are also 100% leased for 15 years. On a combined basis, our fourth quarter build-to-suit projects have a weighted average GAAP yield of 7.8%. And finally, Id like to deliver some exciting news in our Houston market that occurred shortly after year-end. The office market at Houston is extremely strong and as you know, we started 155,000 square foot speculative project in third quarter of last year on our one remaining office site. Im pleased to report in January, we signed 109,000 square foot new lease with Forum Energy Technologies take 68% of the space of this project. The lease term is for term of 10 years and will commence immediately upon completion of the project in July of this year. We have solid prospects for the remaining space and hope to open this project substantially pre-leased. Also in January, we signed two contracts to sell some or all of our interest in two primarily office joint ventures. The total sales price for our interest is approximately $150 million. We expect both of these sales to close before year-end -- before the end of February and generate net proceeds to us net of debt of nearly $90 million. So with that, Ill now turn the call over to Christie.
Christie Kelly: Thanks Denny, and good afternoon everyone. As Denny mentioned, I would like to provide a recap of our 2012 financial performance and progressed on our capital strategy. Im please to report that core FFO for the quarter was $0.27 per share, up from $0.26 per share in the third quarter and $1.02 per share for the full year. Core FFO for the year was at the midpoint of our previously communicated guidance of one penny per share higher than consensus. More significantly, we are pleased to report AFFO of $0.82 per share for the full year and $0.21 per share for the quarter. AFFO per share for the full year represents over 5% improvement from 2011 results and translates into a conservative payout ratio of slightly below 83%. As we projected this growth in AFFO over the prior-year as a result of executing our strategic asset repositioning, which was accelerated by the Blackstone office disposition in December 2011, while steadily increasing our investment in less capital intensive bulk industrial properties and medical office facility. As Denny mentioned earlier, our near-record leasing volume in 2012, combines with the fact that we enjoyed our first full year of rental rate growth on lease renewals since the beginning of the Great Recession, enabled us to achieve 2.5% same property NOI growth over 2011. Our efforts to reposition our investment from suburban office properties into what we believe to be stronger bulk industrial and medical office product types were also key in achieving this growth. From a capital strategy perspective, we issued 22.7 million shares of common stock during the year pursuant to our ATM program, generating net proceeds of approximately $315.3 million. We also generated $600 million of capital through two unsecured debt offerings that bear interest in an average interest rate of 4.2%. During 2012, we redeemed our $168 million, up 6.95% Series M Preferred Shares. We also repaid $200 million of unsecured notes before interest at a weighted average effective rate of 5.87%. $102 million of secured loans that had weighted average effective rate of 5.18% as well as a consolidated subsidiary of $41.3 million variable rate lending facility. We use the proceeds from our capital raising activities to further increase our investment in quality, industrial and medical office acquisitions as we planned and fund our strong development pipeline. We ended the year with $285 million outstanding on our line of credit. As most of you are aware, just after year-end and in early January, we took advantage of stable capital market conditions and executed our common equity offering to significantly advance our capital strategy. We raised $572 million of net proceeds, which was used to pay off our $285 million year-end line of credit balance and leaves us with additional capital to redeem our 8.375% Series O Preferred Shares in February of this year. The offering was well-timed given market condition, was executed at an efficient calling, cost and reduces our leverage in alignment with our plan. The strong global demand for the offering resulted in one of the lowest follow-on offerings in the last 12 months. We had orders for over 85 million shares at the high end of our range. So we upsized our original 30 million share offering to 36 million shares and the underwriters exercised issue to fill more of the demand. We now estimate that nearly all of our leverage goals we have presented will be met by year-end 2013 without significant further equity offerings. As we look forward this year, we have $547 million of debt maturities, which we plan to repay through a combination of disposition proceeds and refinancing with long term unsecured debt. As previously communicated, we expect to selectively tap our ATM program to fund a high quality, strong yielding development pipeline, on roughly a 60:40 basis with equity to debt overtime, which will also contribute to continued overall de-leveraging in alignment with our plan. And with that, Ill turn it back over to Denny.
Denny Oklak: Thanks, Christie. Yesterday, we announced a range for 2013 FFO per share with a midpoint of $1.07 and AFFO per share with a midpoint of $0.86 per share. This guidance supports what we have been saying for the past three years that our asset repositioning strategy would not be dilutive on a cash-flow basis and would ultimately put the company on an upward plain of growth which is now occurring. Overall, we expect continued slow economic environment in 2013 which is reflected in our guidance. A few specifics on some of the anticipated key performance metrics outlined on the 2013 range of estimates page provided on our website are as follows. Our average portfolio occupancy range for 2013 is expected to be 92.0% to 94.0%. Lease expirations are slightly below average at 9%. Same property NOI is projected at a range of positive 1% to positive 4% growth. Occupancy growth is slowing but we expect slightly improved rental rate growth. On the capital recycling front, we project proceeds from building dispositions in the range of $400 million to $600 million and proceeds from land dispositions of between $15 million and $25 million. Again, our disposition program will focus on suburban office assets and our remaining retail properties. As previously noted, we are already under contract on 25% of the high-end of our guidance. Acquisitions are projected in the range of $300 million to $500 million. We remain selective and focused on high-quality industrial assets in alignment with our long-term strategy. Development starts are projected in the range of $400 million to $500 million. These will be primarily industrial and medical office building build-to-suit projects. Were very pleased with where we are in our strategic plan efforts and the result is producing for our shareholders. Weve consistently believe that execution of both our asset repositioning and capital de-leveraging strategies would drive above sector average performance and that is reflected in our strong performance in 2012 and are expected continued growth in 2013. With that, thank you again for your support in 2012 and for joining us today. And now, we will open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Paul Adornato from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets: Hi. Good afternoon. Denny, in your prepared comments, you mentioned that spec development is returning in a lot of markets but its still had a level thats very not very concerning. I was wondering if you could just tell us who is developing spec now and how theyre getting financing?
Denny Oklak: I would say its a mix Paul of the usual suspects, I guess I would say. I think there is some of the public REITs that have started spec project in some of the major markets. I think weve seen a little bit from again the usual folks, PLD, EGP started some in their markets, DCT. On the private side, again I would say its some of the usual suspects. IDI has several speculated projects underplay in various markets around the country. But again the interesting thing is I would say with the possible exception of Southern California, were only seeing maybe one or two in most markets. So its really nothing thats -- really overwhelming out there today.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And looking at the suburban office portfolio, whats the appetite out there for acquiring suburban office assets that is what are your disposition prospects. And do you have any buildings or markets that are for sale?
Denny Oklak: I think the advertise is pretty good, Paul. The interest rates obviously have remained low. And the banks are lending. What weve really found which is pretty consistent with what weve been saying, I would say over the last year or so. Is that in order to have a successful sale today, we really need properties that are in -- at least the mid-80s lease, so above 85%. We are paying a lot of attention to the lease expiration schedule during the next three years. And if you can keep that at a fairly reasonable level, those properties are very saleable today. Weve seen different folks buy. We are seeing some private, smaller private equity folks. Weve seen some larger, I would say private equity folks in the market. And weve been actively marketing certain properties and I think you will see us actually list some additional properties for sale here in the next month or so. And again, its really focused on the markets that we want to downsize our suburban office presence in, which is really our remaining Midwest cities because thats really where our older suburban office projects are today.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And what kind of cap rates are you seeing in suburban office these days?
Denny Oklak: Well, I think we are probably going to be seeing somewhere again in the 8.5% to 9% on in place NOI today. Again, it just depends on the portfolio. I think well do better than that on some properties, and maybe a little bit worse than on some depending on how old they are and just really the quality of the property. Weve got some, I would say real true Class-A properties in the suburbs and I think today they are probably at sub-A percent cap. And then again, when you look at some of our 25 or 30 year-old industrial projects, those are probably going be closer to the low 9s.
Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks very much.
Denny Oklak: Thanks, Paul.
Christie Kelly: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: And our next question comes from Josh Attie with Citi. Please go ahead.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: All right. Good afternoon. Its Michael Bilerman here with Josh. Denny or Christie, Im just curious just in terms of the way you approach sort of capital plans and capital issuances, and whether thats going to change in the future. And I guess, Im sort of thinking back to, when you did the medical office portfolio in the fourth quarter and put it on the line with the target to do asset sales and those asset sales ended up falling out of bed. And the market with hospitable at the time you did the offering, which was good. But there was a significant likelihood that it may not have been, clearly everything that happened in D.C. with the fiscal Cliff. The market could have reacted a lot different. We could have been in a much weaker situation, and then you would have been in a very difficult situation with high leverage and extended underlying the credit. So, Im just curious sort of as you go forward, are you going to shift to make sure that you are even more under leveraged to be able to not put yourself into any sort of box where you are going to be the hold into the equity market to delver?
Christie Kelly: Michael, Ill start off. First, just from an operating perspective, weve been very conservative in terms of managing our line of credit and our liquidity has been quite, quite strong. As you know, we rarely, outside of just timing differences run any balance on our lines and thats been since the 09 time period. And were continuing to focus on that operating principle. Nothing has changed here at headquarters in Indianapolis. And specifically as it relates to the third quarter, we were looking at a strong disposition pipeline, a couple of those dispositions. As we discussed in the process and in the presentation, for the equity offering moved away for us. But again, we are looking at this year with a very strong disposition pipeline. And in fact we went to the market here at the beginning of January and executed an excellent transaction for our shareholders and have put the capital strategy, goals and objectives substantially behind us as we had articulated. And then as I mentioned in my comments, we are going to continue delevering as the opportunity presents itself and we continue to drive value for our shareholder with our exceptionally strong development pipeline.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Okay. I guess, how do you think about the offering also relative to your own views of NAV? I think you have expressed at Investor Meetings, an $18 to $19 number, and while the stock is above you need to be offering at $14, $25, obviously doing the amount of that you did as well as the ATM in the fourth quarter. It obviously has a pretty big dilutive effect to NAV. It was earnings enhancing because you didnt sell assets but it was NAV dilutive. I guess how do you think about those dynamics?
Christie Kelly: I think there are couple of things, Michael. First of all, we did a significant amount of third party diligence in order to be able to really stand behind this equity offering. And bottom line, our stock price over the past 12 months had traded below our issuance price, 70% at the time. And as we said in 09, the things arent always going to work out perfectly and that it is going to be a sequence of events with the journey and I think to that point, the $590 million overnight offering that we executed was [de-tighted] as side offer discount that had been seen one of the tide as theyve been seeing in the market over the past 12 months. And our investors have responded extremely favorably and our stock prices up over 7% since then. And so from that perspective very well received, well retimed and excellent results for our investors and we will continue to approach the market with the same focus, diligence and prowess.
Josh Attie - Citi: Christie or Denny, this is Josh. Can you talk about in more detail, why the sales didnt occur in the fourth quarter? Was there a lack of demand or was an inability to kind of to get the price between with you and the buyer?
Denny Oklak: Josh. Really, there was one larger transaction that we had been working on for a period of time prior to our call at the end of the third quarter, call at the end of October. And that transaction just -- the buyer just walked away from it and I quite honestly cant -- I cant explain why the buyer walked away from it because we had essentially agreed on price long before that. So, I wish I could give you a better answer but I cant.
Josh Attie - Citi: And just lastly, I know there was a smaller dollar amount but the $25 million of assets sales in the fourth quarter and in the 11 cap, can you just explain why that cap rate was so high?
Denny Oklak: Yeah. That was a small portfolio. We called it industrial, but it was really much less. I mean, it was really sort of single-story suburban office stuff that had been built and it was in Indianapolis and it was -- I think it was 440,000 square feet or something like that and it was built in the early 80s. It just was -- its not great property and it was just again one of those projects we had taken off the list. And as you saw, it was $120 million transaction. 
Josh Attie - Citi: And did you mentioned -- Im sorry if I missed it. But did you mentioned, what cap rate you are assuming on $400 million to $600 million of sales in the 2013 guidance?
Denny Oklak: Around 8% in place cap rate.
Josh Attie - Citi: On a cash basis?
Denny Oklak: Yeah. 
Josh Attie - Citi: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Denny Oklak: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brendan Maiorana from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo: All right. Thanks. Good afternoon. So, Denny, I just wanted to clarify. So, I thought you said cap rates were 8.5% to 9% on in place NOI for suburban office assets that were 85% leased kind of give or take. But then did you just say 8%, you thought was included in guidance.
Denny Oklak: I think overall, thats what we are assuming in our 600 million acres weve got some of our retail assets that we believe well sell this year and I think those will sell for a cap rate a little less than that.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo: Okay. Yeah.
Denny Oklak: Its really significantly less than that.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo: Yeah. So, I had a couple of questions. One, I guess if I look at your suburban office exposure and what you like to sell. St. Louis is 74% occupied, Cleveland 75% occupied, Cincinnati is 85. Is that -- is that 85% threshold number sort of a hard number or do you think that you sell? Do you sell St. Louis and Cleveland which are materially below that number?
Denny Oklak: But I think what you are going to see us do initially is take the assets that within those markets that are at the 85% plus, lease up occupancy and put those on the market and sell those and then our local teams are working on leasing up that vacant space. So as you will see us as project -- projects are leased up and ready to go, we will start listing those. So thats really how its going to work I believe, Brendan.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo: Okay. And if I go back to, I think you guys provided maybe with NAREIT, maybe it was sometime around then. My recollection was there was $500 million of non-core suburban assets left to sell and then $300 million I think was retail. So at the midpoint of your guidance for 13, you are about $300 million short. Is that just something that maybe bleeds into 14, just to give it -- its hard to get $800 million of sales done in a year?
Denny Oklak: Well, right now, what we put in on the range of estimates of $400 to $600 million is really just our best guess of what we can get done this year. So, I believe I would answer your question, yeah. And I just point out something again on the range of estimates.  Weve been doing that every year for a long time now and I think you can look at 2012, but you can look at previous years and we are pretty accurate on all those, and getting our numbers to fall within those ranges. Probably the couple that we occasionally missed are the size of our disposition pipeline and the size of our acquisition pipeline, because thats really hard to predict. And its been harder because we have been doing more recycling in the last couple years. As you know, we are now a lot closer to our target product mix. So that recycling is slowing down a little bit but those are very hard to predict because you dont know if a big transaction is going to come along or not. So the $400 million to $600 million is really our best guest right now.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo: Sure. And then as I look at that capital plan for the year, I just wanted to clarify whats in guidance, I know the development starts at the $400 million to $500 million, if I look at whats in the current pipeline and what the spend is likely to be, its probably in that range too. So Christie, if I heard your comment correctly on the ATM issuance, I guess that probably implies $250 million or $300 million of ATM during the year and is that accurate and is that included in your FFO range?
Christie Kelly:  Yeah. Weve got cash Brendan. And well be generating operating cash flow and well be going forward essentially matching dispositions with acquisitions. So from an ATM perspective thats a little high and well see how the development pipeline comes about.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo: Yeah I mean I know youre retaining some cash flow as you get the AFFO payout at and give or take 80% but youve got and your dispositions are offsetting your acquisitions as you mentioned, but youve got the development spend. So I think you mentioned in your comments 60% of the development spend is likely to be funded on ATM is that how we should be thinking about it going forward?
Christie Kelly: Yes. We should but thats also youve got to take into account the cash, with that cash in the offering.
Denny Oklak:  We actually overfunded that equity with the offering earlier this month Brendan.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo:  But is that really the case - I mean if I look at your debt-to-EBITDA trailing, I think its, I dont have the numbers right in front of me but I think in itself, thats like 8.2 times and I think your target debt plus preferred and I think your target 7.75 and if I look at debt plus preferred, this is pro forma after the equity offering and then if I look at your debt plus preferred to GAV its $52 million and I think you target is some $50 million, so I mean have you really over capitalized as you guys look at it, or am I just missing something on those?
Denny Oklak:  But I think were pretty much there.
Christie Kelly:  We are.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo:  Okay. All right. Thanks.
Christie Kelly: Thanks, Brendan.
Operator: We go to the line of James Sullivan from Cohen & Company.
James Sullivan - Cohen & Company:  Thank you. I have a couple of question on the development pipeline, Denny one of the things that I found pretty impressive over the last six months is how rapidly thats grown. And so going back to the just kind of midyear 2012 and where you ended the year and what Im focusing on is the page in the supplement that provides the in-service date by quarter. And I suppose in industrial of course were used to that kind of product going up pretty quickly but not so much in Medical Office and so maybe, you can just think a little bit about how rapidly youre growing that Medical Office development pipeline? And whether all of these projects of project that Duke has developed from the ground up and by that I mean these are not projects that someone else maybe the user had started and you took them over or what but theyre coming from announcement to completion and service theyre coming fairly rapidly. And also part two to that question, you talked in your prepared comments about being very pleased with the backlog, I think you specifically referred to your Medical Office Building and I am curious whether you think thats - whether that backlog at this point this year how that compares with where it was a year ago. So maybe if you could talk about to those points?
Denny Oklak: Sure, Jim. Yes. All those projects are projects that we started from the ground up. And my comment on those would be substantially all of these projects are with healthcare systems where we have really a fairly long relationship. You look at places like (inaudible), [Tri Health] thats a group in Cincinnati, where weve had long relationship. Scott & White is healthcare system in Central Texas that weve, I think now done four or five projects with over the last roughly 12 to 18 months. [Baylor], we done a number of projects with Baylor over the last five years primarily in the Dallas area market. So of all those healthcare systems that we have these relationships with are really growing theyre very, very solid healthcare systems they are highly rated they are growing as I mention there are also gearing up for this portable care act as its going to drive more folks into the system. Were also seeing a trend of more acuity type services going into the MOB facilities and thats something theyre gearing up for. So were seeing just a lot of growth in that area and those are all projects all those MOB projects are projects, weve sourced directly with the healthcare institutions. Weve done the predevelopment services, weve done the development services on the land and were in some cases, were actually doing the construction in a lot of cases, the healthcare systems have relationships with general contractors and were using their general contractor relationship folks to actually built them but again its a great business right now. And then looking back I would say today the backlog is probably maybe a little bit higher than it was last year but again if you these projects tend to take longer than say an industrial project on a spec or build-to-suit basis, either one, and so we had a pretty strong pipeline at the beginning of last year when you think that we actually started almost $200 million worth of projects during 2012.
James Sullivan - Cohen & Company:  And I guess the follow-up question as you talked to potential requires obviously we know the product in the segments that youre interested in selling and Im sure that some of the folks youre talking to would be interested maybe in buying some MOB assets as well and the MOB market has been fairly strong. And Im curious what your opinion is if you think back over the last 12 months is to how cap rates might have moved down for any particular segment in your portfolio, how you would rank to movement in the cap rates for MOB, some of that period?
Denny Oklak:  Well, I think, I just make a couple of specific points on their one is I think the cap rates have been decreasing very significantly and relatively rapidly on the MOB product and in the MOB space in general and the reasons for that as I think people are now starting to understand that product type better and realize all the benefits including long-term leases very high credit, very stable tenant base, low lease expirations. So I think thats a trend thats been going on probably for 2 or 4 years now, those cap rates keep going down and down and down. And then again just looking in our portfolio, were really not trying to sell our Medical Office portfolio, I would say, we have a couple of isolated assets in there that we might move this year because they just dont for whatever reason strategically fit-in with what were trying to do, but generally speaking, again we really like that product type, we want it to be around 15% of our business right now as of today its about 15% to 16%. We have opportunities to continue to grow that business as we grow our company and again I think its a great product type for us to own long term to provide very good stable and growing cash flow for our shareholders.
James Sullivan - Cohen & Company: Okay. Then finally from me in this respect the as you commented the business that has been done primarily so far has been very much relationship driven, where youre doing multiple projects for healthcare services and then practices that youve done business with before, and Im just curious geographically whether there is in your opinion also scope to grow this your portfolio into geographic markets where you really are less well represented in terms of MOB business.
Denny Oklak: The answer to that question is yes, Jim. And the first point Id make on that is when we talked the last quarter about doing the Seavest acquisition in the MOB space that we did early in the fourth quarter, one of the reasons of that was very attractive to us, is it helped us begin relationships with some new hospital systems. A Florida hospital in Florida, we did not have a relationship there and we didnt really have any MOB in Florida and no healthcare system which is in the basically in the Washington DC, the mid-Atlantic region. And thats helped us start some relationships with those hospital systems. And then one of the things we really havent done yet is look much in the Western half of the country for that piece of the business, but with our abilities there, I think going forward there will continue to be opportunities for us to expand geographically including west.
James Sullivan - Cohen & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Denny Oklak: Jim.
Christie Kelly: Thanks Jim. 
Operator: Well go to the line of [Eric Franco] with Green Street Advisors.
Unidentified Analyst: Good afternoon. I was just wondering could you go through disposition pipeline and just give a broad mix of what will be retail, will be office?
Denny Oklak:  Well again, I think Brendan said it a little earlier, I think if you look at our target disposition less its probably, roughly 50% suburban in office and may be 30% the retail assets that we have left, which again primarily consist of 3 assets and then a little bit as I said, weve got a little bit of MOB probably 2 or 3 projects we may try to move this year and then we still have a little bit of that flex industrial space but not much of that as we continue to sell that. So thats really what the pipeline is and again in dollar perspective, the MOB is probably in the 300 to 500, excuse me, the suburban office is in the $300 million to $500 million range. The retail is in the $250 million to $300 million range, the Medical Office will certainly be below $100 million and I would say the Flex product price below $50 million. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And is that a (inaudible) interest as well, like is that gross number?
Denny Oklak: Yes. Thats a gross number.
Unidentified Analyst: Gross number, okay. And Denny, I think you talked about last call which is about couple of move outs in your industrial portfolio including a Walmart warehouse in Savannah, just wondering is that included in guidance that is maybe progressed in really some of those spaces?
Denny Oklak: Well, Im glad, you asked that Eric. Actually yesterday we signed 500,000 square foot backfill of that 800,000 square feet, come on down time with Walmart and in the new tenant moving in. So were pretty excited about that and quite honestly we didnt have all of that in our guidance but thats not a -- in the overall scheme of the company its not that but what I would say thats say as and as I said in the prepared remarks, the industrial business is really pretty strong all over right now.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Congrats on that. Just also curious on the development starts, do you intend on purchasing additional land or most of the stock land bank or I guess some of your Medical Office projects?
Denny Oklak: Well first of all I start on the MOB side, we virtually acquired no land there. 95+% of those projects are on leased land that the hospital owns. And then any other land there is just land that we acquire as we do the project. So we dont really care any land bank inventory for the MOB business. On the rest of the development, again virtually all of that will come out of our land bank that we have today were not acquiring any new land. Occasionally, on the build-to-suit industrial business we would also acquire a parcel of land that the building is starting on as immediately as were starting destruction.
Unidentified Analyst: Would it be difficult to venture a guess of how much you intend to monetize that (inaudible) in this year, I think you said about $500 million in your developable land bank is that right?
Denny Oklak: Yes. Thats about right. I would say this year we probably used $25 million to $40 million I would say roughly, I would say probably in that range again this year somewhere between $25 million and $50 million. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and then I guess just follow-up question on development, how far are you away from spec development a lot of different markets are rents still pretty low or where ours or is it just not enough tenant demand to justify it?
Denny Oklak: Well we started a couple of spec projects last year I guess three including the office building and that I mentioned. We have a spec project under construction in Indianapolis, 600,000 square feet, we have the spec project out in [Chino] which is finishing up here shortly of 420,000 square feet. I think youll probably see us start a few more spec projects and again on the industrial side this year, but under a handful is what I would think. Again demand is good, our occupancy is good but the demand backlog has been good but I wouldnt say again thats a solid enough position that we will be thinking about starting any more spec buildings in that this year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Denny Oklak: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Next well go to the line of Jamie Feldman with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch
Jamie Feldman - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Thank you. So I am looking at sequential occupancy growth in suburban office. Can you talk a little bit more about where you are seeing some strengthen in that portfolio then your expectations?
Denny Oklak: Well I would say, if I am looking at the markets where Ive seen some pretty considerable strength clearly Raleigh has been a very strong office market, it continues to do well. Indianapolis has done fairly well. We have seen some big lease activity in what is not a very big portfolio that we have here, but its doing well. Activity we have signed a few leases in Cleveland and that in those handful of remaining buildings that we have. Weve seen some increase in activity in Cincinnati and in South Florida. St Louis has a few larger prospects they are working on. So I mean again that business isnt booming Jamie, but were starting to see a little bit more consistent leasing activity again around the system. Again I am -- Houston is pretty much unbelievable on the office side right now. I think there are like seven or eight spec office buildings going up down there now and proposed signing our lease this month I think those are in the 50% to 60% lease range now. So and again I cant really think of another market where were seeing any speculative office projects. So and any other one I would say South Florida were starting to see some bigger interest from some of the tenants down there.
Jamie Feldman - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: With you is there any -- characterize the kinds of tenants like are there certain sectors that are coming back to life maybe more housing related or is there anything where we are in the cycle you can point to?
Denny Oklak: Jamie I would say no. I think its fairly broad based, I cant think of any one sector that were starting to see a lot of activity in. Clearly Raleigh is always driven a lot by tech and pharmaceutical and I cant, nothing is jumping out me that I would say is an industry thats really growing.
Jamie Feldman - Bank of America: Okay and then I am sorry if I missed it. Did you guys give any expected yield on your acquisition activity?
Denny Oklak: We did not, but I think again were focused on the bulk industrial in the key distribution markets around the country. So today on acquisitions if were doing some core acquisitions its probably 6.5 to 7.25 maybe. If were doing some value add like the one we did in Chicago its probably 7.5 to 8. So thats really where we are looking for these yields to fall this year and again thats an in place yield.
Jamie Feldman - Bank of America: I thought [Clove] was lower.
Denny Oklak: Depends on what markets you go to. Its clearly lower in Southern California today, but you havent really seen as buy much there since towards the beginning of last year we didnt really do a whole lot in Southern California in the second half of the year, because its gotten very expensive. But I think the core properties again in markets outside Southern California, but still core distribution markets are in that range.
Jamie Feldman - Bank of America: Okay. And then of the $300 million to $500 million range how much of that you think will be core versus value add?
Denny Oklak: Well its a little hard to say because generally the value add are probably going to be more one-off buildings. Core could be not large portfolios, but portfolio so I think it will probably be 50-50 or maybe 60-40 core to value add this year.
Christie Kelly: Just to give you a little perspective Jamie, since fourth quarter of 09, we have moved or weve invested in and whats better than core and value add Id call it over 90% leased and under 90% leased. We have invested over $1 billion and a billion and some change in 90% leased or higher, and weve invested $1.4 billion at less than 90%. So I think some of these numbers are pretty good and I wonder further out there because we get a lot of commentary around, gee with why dont you guys do a little bit more on the lease up side and I just think its important to remind ourselves that weve actually done a lot of investment as it relates to less than 90% and really driven the performance in those investments as well as on top of the development that we have.
Jamie Feldman - Bank of America: Okay. So just to make sure, you said $1 billion is 90% or higher and $1.4 billion is 90% or is lower than 90%.
Christie Kelly: Thats correct.
Jamie Feldman - Bank of America: Okay. Then finally just thinking on medical office and healthcare in general, what are your basic thoughts just on, I mean, there is a lot of discussion about Medicare reimbursement risks or public pay. How are you guys thinking about just the changes and the potential cost structure changes as you guys are putting money to work in that sector.
Denny Oklak: Well again this has I would say relatively little effect on the portfolio that we own if any, because this is all healthcare systems that for the most part are private pay. Now that doesnt mean that there are some Medicare reimbursements from patients that are in those hospitals and are being served by the doctors in those facilities, but again its just not a very significant piece of the kind of business we are doing. So we dont have any concerns about any changes there at all.
Jamie Feldman - Bank of America: If you underwrite their credit with some lower revenue in the future or not really, or you think its not even that significant? 
Denny Oklak: Its not even as significant, but I am telling you the credit we are getting in these MOBs is unbelievable. I mean, we are getting generally above A rated credit on all of our leases, because the trend thats happening now Jamie is the hospital systems themselves are buying these physician practices and they are putting them in their MOBs on their campus and the hospitals are actually on the leases themselves. So we are getting better and better credit in those facilities too.
Jamie Feldman - Bank of America: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Denny Oklak: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Good afternoon. Just want to go back to Brandons question. Is the ATM issuance needed to fund the pipeline you betted in the guidance at this point or is it not?
Christie Kelly: We are substantially done Michael. I mean, you know to the extent that we issue on the ATM. I mean, youll see us do that very selectively. We overfunded on the equity offering. We are driving cash from operations and were net disposition activity based on our plans. So
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. So the balance is expected to be funded with net disposition proceeds and available cash?
Christie Kelly: Potentially yes, thats correct.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. You gave expectations for the overall portfolio. Can you give kind of same store expectations for the industrial portfolio in 13, kind of your thoughts in terms of rent rules as well as kind of the occupancy target for year end?
Denny Oklak: Well, I think, you know, we had very nice same property NOI growth in the industrial portfolio in 2012 at 3.1%, which I think was very strong which included - again some of that was from some average occupancy increase and some of that was from the increase in rental rates. Obviously at 94.6% leased at the end of the year I think in the industrial portfolio there is going to less improvement in NOI growth from occupancy pickup, but we do have some good rental rate growth and now embedded in that portfolio particularly on acquisitions as we have done more and more of the markets we operate in have annual rent bumps in the industrial leases. So I think you will see that the NOI growth on the industrial business fee in the probably 1% to 1.5% range this year and then a little bit more of that growth coming from the suburban office just as we anticipate some occupancy increases and from the strong MOB portfolio, which will again come from a little bit of occupancy improvement. Some of our acquisitions had some vacancies in them. Some of our, I would say a little bit older developments had some vacancy that we are getting leased up and then those leases all have very strong rental rate growth built into it.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Hopeful, of the $400 million to $600 million that you expect to sell, how much of that is currently on the market and you have $150 million under contract and how much of that would be on the $150 million thats under contract how much of that would you expect to be kind of portfolio sales versus kind of one off transaction?
Denny Oklak: Its always a little hard to define whats on the market. I mean, a lot of people know what we are trying to sell so we get, we are in discussions with a lot people that on selling some of those assets it may not necessarily directly be marketed through a broker. So a fair amount of that is already out there on the market. I would say on the retail side those three centers we have will probably be one off transactions just because of their geographic location. The suburban office sales will probably be a combination of single asset sales and smaller portfolios more two, three, four assets rather than I dont anticipate this year seeing a bigger portfolio transaction occur.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thats helpful. As we think about the mix between development and acquisition, what spread do you need between lets say a speculative property versus - a speculative construction versus an acquisition as well as a build-to-suit versus an acquisition today, just given the 7.25 that your pipeline is currently going at?
Denny Oklak: Well, I would say today probably there is not a whole lot of difference between the build-to-suit and the acquisition yields today in this market to be honest with you. In previous cycles there was probably more, but today its maybe 25 to 50 basis points. Then I would say between acquisition yields and spec development its probably 150 to 200 basis point spread before we are willing to take that lease up risk today.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Thats across the MOB sector as well as the suburban office sector as well?
Denny Oklak: Yeah. But were, two things on MOB. First of all as we said we are really not looking for acquisitions there. We did the one, larger one last year to again because it was very strategic for us and then we are really focused more on the development side there and any more there is very little speculative space in that MOB stuff that we are developing. Its for the last, you know, I would say year and half it has been almost all substantially preleased.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: That would characterize you come by that kind of 20 to 30 basis point spread you talked about for build-to-suit. Am I looking at that correctly?
Denny Oklak: Yeah. But I guess I would clarify that that I think our yields on the development even the build-to-suit development on the MOB side are probably more in the 120 to 150 basis point spread above acquisition yields today.
Christie Kelly: And we are good at that.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Thats from me guys. Thank you.
Christie Kelly: Thanks Michael.
Operator: And our next question comes from [Thom Tupelo] with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, the equity issuance, obviously you guys came a long way in getting towards your balances sheet goals that you outlined in that strategic plan and assuming that you do achieve the kind of the growth in the portfolio, youve laid out and you do accomplish all those goals. Do you think these goals are still appropriate, since you laid them out all of your competitors had a delevered even further. And even theres new balance sheet goals that still seem a little out of (inaudible) versus your peers, a little too wide so just some commentary on whether or not you think its still appropriate there?
Christie Kelly: I think what I had mentioned in the remarks is that, were substantially of the way there, as it relates to the capital strategy goals that we set out in the 09 time period and were going to continue to work at - even further strengthening our balance sheet while maintaining substantial liquidity. So were going to keep at it, and weve made a lot of great progress, as you know.
Unidentified Analyst: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dave Rogers with Baird. Please go ahead.
Dave Rodgers - Baird: Hey, Denny you mentioned you were positive on both industrial and office and then at least your outlook in your view, how much of the activity that youve seen if you can [handy camp] it would be, kind of reconfiguration, trading up or actually net growth in the market?
Denny Oklak: I would say, lets start with the industrial business. But I think more of it is net growth to date, than weve probably been seeing over the last 3 or four years, but clearly when you look at the overall industrial statistics Dave. For the last, really two and a half to three years, its been positive net absorption, here so, its net growth. I would say theres a little less consolidation than we saw inactivity of probably two or three years ago, although theres still some of that going on. So I think mostly its net growth. Again, on the office side today I would tell you its mostly net growth also. These are tenants that are whatever reason are their business is good, getting better and so they need space to grow. Theres still some consolidation going on there that we try to be a beneficiary of with our product but were starting to see some true net growth in the office sector too.
Dave Rodgers - Baird: Thanks. And maybe just focusing on industrial then real quickly, it sound like you expect to see some positive rents spreads for the year, but are you surprised that you havent seen more positive moves in market rent growth, and do you expect to see more of the market rent growth in the course of the next 12 months?
Denny Oklak: Well, I think well see some Dave. One of the issues, its still in the industrial businesses is the low interest rates are keeping the cap rates really low. And so that could pressure on the rental rate growth but now as youre starting to see a lot of these markets get up into the mid-90%s percent leased overall and again still fairly limited spec development. And theyre starting to be some nice upward pressure on rental rates which is great.
Dave Rodgers - Baird: You are starting to see that okay. And then how much development do you think you can handle with your current G&A load before you want add some personnel?
Denny Oklak: I think we can easily wherever we are today and probably, if you think we start at $520 million last year I think easily another $100 million to a little bit more. You know, and some of it depends on the mix, as I mentioned earlier, a fair amount of our healthcare related development is built by outside contractors but, bottom line is, youre not going to see us adding any overhead, because I just dont think. Were not inclined to grow that development pipeline, you know a whole lot more than the $500 million to $600 million. And thats pretty good, thats a pretty good annual pace.
Christie Kelly: And to that point Dave, remember sort of back in the 09 time period we really sized our business to that $500 million to $600 million development pipeline that Dennys talking about. Two points, you know, one; we want to manage the development pipeline and risk profile appropriately, in relation to our total growth assets, to make sure that we are performing above our ratings as it relates to Moodys and S&P. The second thing too is that, as it relates to spec, as a piece of development within, there were also managing that such that the speculative developments that we take on is also appropriately managed. So that it doesnt take away from the overall strong performance of our company in terms of occupancy and total dollars if you will at risk from a spec perspective.
Dave Rodgers - Baird: Okay. I dont know if theres a fair question, but Ill ask it anyway, how much better would the balance sheet need to be if the build-to-suit pipeline became a more speculative oriented pipeline? Would that change your view on where leverage and coverage metrics were?
Christie Kelly: No. No it wouldnt. I mean, a couple of the things as it relates to leverage. If you guys look at sort of the leverage at debt plus preferred, less than 50% as well as driving our coverage ratios below 7.75 and above 2 fixed charge coverage, weve made substantial progress in that regard and you know the rating agencies are pleased with our progress and were going to continue to drive that EBITDA particularly given the strong performance at the investments that weve made today, together with the strength of our development pipeline. So no, it would not. And leverage to part of that just from a total market cap perspective, will also come into play are multiple further improves.
Dave Rodgers - Baird: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Christie Kelly: You bet.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And there are no further questions in queue.
Christie Kelly: Thank you everybody.
Denny Oklak: Id like to thank everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing many of you during the year at various industry conferences as well as getting you out towards some of our regional markets. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-23 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracy Ward Hamid R. Moghadam - Chairman of the Board, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee Timothy Brosnan Walter C. Rakowich - Co-Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chairman of Executive Committee Thomas S. Olinger - Chief Financial Officer Eugene F. Reilly - Chief Executive Officer of the Americas Gary A. Anderson - Chief Executive Officer of Europe and Asia Michael S. Curless - Chief Investment Officer and Chairman of Investment Committee
Analysts: Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Chris Caton - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division John Stewart - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division James C. Feldman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone. My name is Sarah, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome you all to the Prologis Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'd now like to the call over to our host, Ms. Tracy Ward. You may begin your conference.
Tracy Ward: Thank you, Sarah, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2012 conference call. The supplemental document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning, we will hear from Hamid Moghadam, Chairman and Co-CEO, who will comment on the macroeconomy and market condition; and then from Tom Olinger, CFO, who will cover results and guidance. Additionally, we are joined today by members of our executive team including Walt Rakowich; Gary Anderson; Mike Curless; Nancy Hemmenway; Guy Jaquier; Ed Nekritz; and Gene Reilly. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I'd like to quickly state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under Federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which Prologis operates, as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K or SEC filings. I'd like also to state that our third quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures. And in accordance with Reg G, we have provided reconciliation to those measures. [Operator Instructions] Hamid, will you please begin?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Thank you, Tracy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter call. Let me start by saying how pleased I am with our results, which are the strongest for our company since the start of the global financials crisis. We'll keep our prepared remarks brief, as you just heard from us last month at our investor forum. Our focus today will be on the macroeconomy, realtime market conditions and our operating results. First, let me offer some observations at the economic indicators that most affect our business. Global trade volumes remain well above peak and the IMF forecast growth of over 3% for this year and 4.5% for 2013. Consumption is strong, with retail sales coming in at over 5.5% year-over-year and online sales growing 3x faster. Real inventories have increased with an annual rate of 3% this year. Interestingly, inventories are the only major economic indicator that remains low peak by about 3%. We think there is ample room for growth in inventories as consumer confidence improves. The increase in consumption and the rebuilding of inventories is translating into further improvement in the operating environment. Net absorption in the U.S. was positive for the quarter at 20 million square feet. While this is slightly below our forecast, it's worth noting that new supply also came in below our forecast. Deliveries in the quarter represented a fraction of the obsolescence rate. For the fourth quarter, we expect a healthy level of absorption around 50 million square feet, which is in line with normal seasonal patterns. Looking to 2013, we expect 160 million square feet of total absorption. Next year's forecast may prove to be conservative as it doesn't account for a housing recovery, which appears to be in its early stages. In terms of what we're hearing from our customers, the majority of our global markets, customers are confident about their prospects for the fourth quarter. We think this bodes well for the holiday season. As they look to 2013, our customers continue to focus on operating efficiencies and growth from e-commerce. Same-day delivery may be coming sooner than we all thought. Space utilization is very high, and the simple fact is that the number of our customers are no longer able to delay the business around space procurement. They're at the point of needing to press forward with new facilities, and we're seeing this in our high-level build-to-suit activity. Turning now to our third quarter results, our teams around the globe did an outstanding job leasing a record 39 million square feet in our operating and development portfolios. A real bright spot has been leasing in units less than 100,000 feet. Occupancy in these smaller spaces was up 80 basis points in the quarter and 270 basis points year-over-year. This segment is closely tied to the housing market. Growing demand and increases in occupancy are also having a positive impact on rent. In fact, we expect rents on rollover to turn positive in the next quarter and remain positive throughout most, if not all, of 2013. The lack of supply and increasing rents are driving our development starts, especially for larger buildings. During the quarter, we started 10 new projects globally, 2/3 of which were build-to-suits. Our margins on year-to-date starts are roughly 19%. While we don't expect to sustain this level of profitability over the cycle, these trends clearly support the value of our land make. Of course as conditions improve, new competitors will enter the markets we already serve. This will be challenging for them because the global markets have high barriers to entry. Lending policy changes such as Dodd-Frank and the new Basel III will require incremental capital charges that are up to 50% higher for real estate construction loans relative to traditional corporate lending. In fact, we are already seeing lenders adopt these new risk-based capital rules with more conservative lending standards. Changes in lending policies will impact new deliveries. We believe this cycle will be different as these new lending requirements will place a governor on overbuilding by merchant developers, who simply won't be able to secure funding for new construction. Turning to dispositions and contributions. As we mentioned on our last call, the fourth quarter will be a busy time for us as we have a number of packages on the market. We're making good progress, and Tom will elaborate on that in a minute. Looking at Private Capital, during the quarter we completed an important milestone with PEPR by taking 100% ownership of the fund. Our team is making progress recapitalizing our European portfolio. We also concluded Prologis North America Fund 11 by disposing of the remaining asset in the fund. This brings our total of funds rationalized to 7 since the close of the merger. To sum up, we had an outstanding third quarter, and we have an excellent momentum heading into the end of the year. With that, I'll turn it over to Tom.
Timothy Brosnan: Thanks, Hamid. This morning I'll cover 3 topics. First, a recap of our third quarter results; second, a review of our disposition and contribution activity; and third, an update on our guidance for the remainder of the year. Before I begin, I'd like to point out new disclosure in our supplemental related to pro rata or look-through balance sheet NOI and EBITDA data. While we've always disclosed debt on a look-through basis, as I mentioned at our investment forum, we think this enhanced disclosure will help you further understand our capital structure and earnings drivers. Now let's look at our results. Core FFO for the third quarter was $0.49 a share and included a tax benefit of approximately $0.06 a share. We have forecasted the tax benefit to only be $0.03 a share, in line with what we reported last year, the tax benefit related to certain contributions from previous years, and we do not expect to recognize any similar significant benefits going forward. Excluding the tax benefit, core FFO was $0.43 a share, about $0.01 ahead of our expectations due primarily to higher NOI driven by better-than-expected occupancy, rents and favorable FX. I'd like to point out that this quarter represented the first period of year-over-year results for the combined company, so going forward, we'll have comparable results. Moving to our operating portfolio metrics, occupancy at the end of the quarter was 93.1%, up 70 basis points sequentially and 210 basis points year-over-year. Occupancy in the Americas was up 110 basis points, with strong leasing activity across a majority of our markets, particularly in the San Francisco Bay Area, Eastern Pennsylvania, Dallas and Mexico City. Notably, we have seen a pickup in demand in the border markets of Mexico for the first time in a few years. In Europe, occupancy was essentially flat. Given our visibility into leased but not yet occupied spaces, we expect our occupancy in Europe to increase in the fourth quarter. Leasing activity was a record for the quarter at 39 million square feet, which is about 5 million square feet higher than our quarterly average. Same-store rents change on rollover decreased 1.8% for the third quarter. The significant year-over-year occupancy gains, combined with low rent roll downs led to an increase in both GAAP and capped same-store NOI in the quarter of 2.7% and 3%, respectively. On the capital deployment front, we committed $620 million of capital in the quarter, of which $483 million was our share. Total deployment included $386 million of development starts, $112 million of building acquisitions and $122 million of land and infrastructure. Moving to capital sources. In the third quarter, we completed $174 million of disposition and contributions of which $141 million was our share. On the balance sheet front, the third quarter was a push relative to sources and users. The increase in our debt metrics this quarter relates to movements in foreign currency. Absent the FX movement, our LTV and debt to EBITDA metrics were essentially flat. As we discussed previously, we have several initiatives underway in the capital sources front. I'd like to spend a minute and provide an update on the different components of dispositions and contributions currently in process. First, dispositions. Our 10 quarter plan, which we updated at the investor's forum, contemplates our share of total dispositions of $3.4 billion. Today, we've completed about $1.6 billion, our share. As we mentioned last quarter, we brought a number of packages to market setting up for a busy fourth quarter. We're currently working on about $1 billion of gross dispositions. We expect to sell, place under contract or receive offers on over 90% of these transactions by the end of this month. This is part of our global and regional market investment strategy and relates principally to non-strategic assets in the U.S., but also in Europe and Japan. Next, contributions. Our 10 quarter plan includes our share of contributions to existing funds of $2.2 billion. To date, we've completed more than $800 million on an our-share basis. The remaining contributions relates to funds in Europe and Latin America, where the vast majority of the investment capacity for the contributions is in place. The final component of our 10 quarter plan is contributions to new funds or ventures. Our share of contributions to planned new ventures or funds is $6.1 billion, which is primarily made up of the recapitalization efforts underway in Europe and Japan. The activities in our 10 quarter plan thus far have basically allowed us to sell fund development and other investments, as well as consolidate NA2 earlier in the year on a leveraged neutral basis. The balance of our fourth quarter and 2013 10 quarter plan activity is what will drive deleveraging. Let's now move to guidance for the remainder of 2012. Based on our performance year-to-date and our expectations for the fourth quarter, we're increasing our full year core FFO to $1.72 to $1.74 per share, up from $1.64 to $1.70 per share. From a foreign currency standpoint, we're assuming an average euro rate of 1.3 and an average yen rate of 80 for the fourth quarter. For operations, we're forecasting to be at the high end of both our 2012 same-store NOI guidance of 1% to 2%, as well as the high end of our year-end occupancy range of 93% to 93.5%. As Hamid mentioned, we believe we've reached the end of lease roll downs and expect rent change on rollover to turn a positive within the next quarter. On the expense side, we will likely come in at the top end of our annual net G&A guidance of $213 million. However, we could be slightly above this level, depending on the timing and nature of the disposition and contribution activity in the fourth quarter. For capital deployment, we're increasing full year forecast to $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion with our overall share of total expected investment to be about 70%. Deployment includes $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion of development starts, primarily in the Americas and Japan, up from $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion. And we're narrowing our acquisitions guidance to $450 million to $550 million, with majority of the activity related to our current investment ventures in the Americas. Turning to contributions and dispositions, we're maintaining our annual range of $3.5 billion to $7 billion. As I mentioned earlier, we have a lot of activity on this front. Excluding the dispositions and contributions activity already completed through the third quarter, we're left with a range of $2.2 billion to $5.7 billion for the fourth quarter. As we previously stated, this activity can vary significantly based on the recapitalization of the Europe and Japan operating assets. If one of these transactions happens in the fourth quarter we could be at the high end of our guidance, while if neither happens, we could be slightly below the low end of our guidance. That being said, we continue to feel good about completing the 10 quarter plan by the end of 2013. Our share of the contribution and disposition proceeds will range from 60% to 75%, depending on the mix of transactions. We continue to remain disciplined and patient and will only complete transactions that makes sense in terms of valuation and structure, and that is what ultimately drives timing. In closing, we feel great about the quarter. Operating fundamentals continue to improve, and we remain focused on our strategic priorities to further strengthen our balance sheet and position our platform for continued growth. With that, I'll turn the call back to Hamid.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Thanks, Tom. Before we open the call to your questions, I'd like to say a few words about my partner and Co-CEO's, Walt Rakowich, immeasurable contributions to Prologis over the last 18 years. As you know, Walt is retiring at the end of December. What you may not know is that this is his 56th earnings call and his last one as a participant. The REIT industry has evolved in the 18 years since Walt joined the company, and Walt's steady hand and unwavering commitment have helped pave the road to success for our organization. His sense of commitment was evident in 2008 when he came back from retirement to lead the company through its darkest days. He did a heck of a job turning things around, made a lot of tough decisions in the face of adversity. Walt is a standup guy and a class act, and I can't think of anyone else who I'd like to have been paired up with to lead this company over the last few years. He let the integration of the company following the merger, and he did an outstanding job leading the charge to regain full control of PEPR's assets allowing us to recapitalize our Europe platform ahead of schedule. It's a little early because he's going to be around for a couple more months, but I know that I speak on behalf of the entire Prologis family when I wish him the very best. We're pleased to know that he will now be able to spend more time on his philanthropic endeavors and of course with his family. Walt, you want to say a few words?
Walter C. Rakowich: Thanks, Hamid. Well, I know we are all here to talk about earnings, so I will be brief. But I just want to thank all the investors and the analysts that have supported the company and supported what we've done over the years, and I'm looking forward to seeing you all at NAREIT one last time. And I'd also like to thank our people from legacy Prologis people to the new Prologis people that have really made our success a reality. But, Hamid, I got to tell you, it has been great working with you over the last 2 years in this journey. And you have done an incredible job, and I'm going to just say very brief, I'm very, very proud to have been your partner. Very, very proud. So thank you, and let's turn it over to get some questions asked here.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Thanks.
Tracy Ward: Sarah, if we can open up for questions, that would be great.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Brendan Maiorana of Wells Fargo.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Question, I guess, probably related to Tom, I just wanted to dive into the end disposition outlook a little bit that implied guidance for the back half of the year, 2 point -- or for the fourth quarter rather, $2.2 billion to $5.7 billion. Can you give us a sense of one, how close do you feel you are on either getting a European transaction done, which may move you more to the midpoint or higher end of that guidance? And then two, if you look at what I think is roughly $2 billion of asset sales or dispositions outside of either Europe or Japan, how should we think about the likely cap rates and the timing of those dispositions and how confident you are that they'll close in the fourth quarter?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Okay, Brandon, let me start by answering your questions about Japan and Europe, and Tom will answer the question about the balance of the activity. On Japan, I'd just like to give you a somewhat scripted response. We've been working hard on a Japan recapitalization and in fact, have received one of the 2 major licenses required for J-REIT. Any consideration of a development fund that's secondary to our decision-making on our long-term vehicle in Japan, which will probably not happen this year, I'm not in a position to comment further on our Japan plans at this time. So moving on to Europe. As you know, we've actually made progress on controlling PEPR sooner than we thought. That was always in the very back end of our 2003, '13 10 quarter plan. And obviously we started the recapitalization process now earlier than we expected. Unfortunately, these things are minor. You kind of only hear about them when they're done, and you really have no sense of how much progress we're making or not making as we work on these things. So it's kind of difficult for me to comment because we have ongoing dialogue on this topic. But I feel really good that when you take into account the 2013 10 quarter plan, which is what we've laid out, that we'll meet not only all our objectives with respect to deleveraging, but also our other priorities of realigning our portfolio with our strategy and also getting the asset utilization up. So -- and I wish I could give you more specifics about that right now, but I can't.
Thomas S. Olinger: Brandon, on your question regarding how we feel about our disposition activity and cap rates, we feel good about our disposition activity. The bulk of it's in the U.S. Cap rates will likely be in the high 6s to around 7. And that lines up with what our thinking is around our entire 10 Q plan, particularly when you think about Japan assets being in the mid to low 5s. But again we feel good about our disposition activity that is before us. And as I mentioned, we've got about $1 billion in the market, 90% of that we think we're going to sell, have under contract or select a buyer by the end of this month. And on the contributions front, that's a process we're working through. But the main point there is that our funds that are taking the contributions, which is largely Europe and some of Latin America, have the vast majority of the funding. To complete those transactions, it's just a matter of timing of when those contributions happen.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Caton, Morgan Stanley.
Chris Caton - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I was hoping you could comment on the leasing environment in CapEx. The AFFO statement shows a little over $60 million of leasing and maintenance together. As youre renewing or releasing properties that were last leased at the trough of the market, is there any temporary shift in capital required to secure the rent increases that you're seeing in the portfolio now or expect to see next year?
Eugene F. Reilly: Sure, Chris, this is Gene. Let me take that. I might kick it to Gary. The short answer is no. We are not seeing additional GI requirements or other building improvements required to get the spaces leased or to push rents. And if you look at our stats, there's a couple of things to keep in mind. You see a general uptick in capital as a percentage of NOI, but that's driven by seasonality and it's also driven by the fact that we did a ton of leasing during the quarter. So if you look -- we would expect these numbers to come back into range. And if you look at the past 4 quarters, that's a pretty good guide to what we see going forward. So you got naturally have an upward trend during the course of the year in capital.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Spector, Bank of America.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm here with Jamie Feldman. And just thinking about PLD AMB going forward, I'm sure you and Hamid have had some great debates on division strategy. I guess, Hamid, can you talk about that a little bit? How has Walt impacted your thoughts about the future strategy, the future Prologis here going forward?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Jeff, it's a good question, and the honest answer to it is that while Walt and I are not in agreement on everything all the time, but I would say that with respect to our strategy which we've laid out and discussed and fully vetted before the merger was even announced, I would say we started out being 95% aligned and the last 5% we worked out. So it's been a very collaborative effort, and I'm going to really miss Walt going forward because he's been a great division to the company and a great sounding board. The best thing about him is that it is very hard for CEOs to let go. And Walt has been very supportive without, in any way, feeling that he needs to get involved in the minutia on a day-to-day basis. So we sort of figured out what we're each kind of focused on at the beginning, we supported one another throughout. And I'm really going to miss him. So let me leave it at that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Bilerman, Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'm just curious. As you think about the deleveraging plan and the sources for deleveraging. And obviously there's a lot of irons in the fire in terms of asset sales and contributions. And I think, Tom, you actually mentioned that in the Investor Day and you talked a little bit on the call about being disciplined and patient about trying to get the best execution. I'm curious how you think about your stock in terms of selling equity for a more immediate impact to that deleveraging goal. And then how you think about selling equity relative to an NAV estimate of 35 to 38, but also a $59 NAV that you put out for 2016. How you think about selling equity in that context and effectively if that's the view of value, you effectively just would never do it because you'd be diluting shareholders that dramatically and reducing that growth. Then I want to understand how you're thinking about those levers as we move forward.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Michael, let me start that, and I'll pass it over to Tom. I think one of the things we try to make very clear in the investor forum was that we have 4 pillars to our strategic plan going forward. And the 2 pillars that are -- or the 3 pillars that are relevant to your question are our realignment strategy, getting our portfolio to align with our strategy of global markets. That naturally puts us in a position of selling a bunch of assets that are not a fit for the companys strategy and that produces some capital for the company. But really the decision is driven by a portfolio realignment goal. Secondly, we want to rationalize our funds and have a risk mitigation measure. Because we are global company, we need to manage our exposure to these foreign currencies. And the best way of doing that is by using Private Capital vehicles and matching our remaining equity with local debt. That's the way we neutralize ourselves. While the formation of Private Capital activity, which was really delayed for the last 3 or 4 years post the financial crisis, that also produces capital. But really we have that goal of mitigating risk anyway, whether or not we had a deleveraging third pillar. And then we come down to deleveraging, and we have to look at the results of the sale activity, the fund formation activity, and see where that takes us at the end of the day. And at the end of the day, if we actually accomplish all the things that we've got planned, I think our leverage will be actually in the low 20% range, lower than our target of 23%. So to go and issue equity, put the pricing aside right now, would be a little crazy because that would drive our percentage of leverage even below 23% when we're done with the plan. And we're not doing anything unnatural with the plan in terms of timing. I mean we're taking our time, and we deliver it, and we want to get good execution on that. So to make a long story short, I think the path that we're on will get us there. But this is not a religious belief. If at any point in time we see that issuing equity is an attractive alternative for our shareholders -- and by the way, the $59 thing, that was a 4-year out kind of a number. I think we've been very clear that our NAV is 35 to 38, and a company like us should be trading with the right balance sheet at the premium to NAV just like all the other blue chip companies. So you can read that as you will, but we think sort of on the upper end of NAV and some premium over that is when even thinking about equity, if we needed it, it would begin to make sense. And based on our plan, I don't think we need it. But we'll see how the plan goes. We're very confident about it. Tom?
Thomas S. Olinger: To Hamid's point on do we need it, I mean clearly from a user standpoint, we would not need to issue equity when we look at our development pipeline and our users from that perspective. It's clearly growing, and we're seeing a lot of opportunity. But even in the face of that growth, I don't see a need for us to raise equity because we're going to have more than ample sources from this 10 quarter plan. And our challenge actually won't be -- it's going to be finding ways to use that additional capital that's coming in that has those additional uses over and above our deployment opportunities, and over and above our debt that's maturing. So from that perspective as well, we would not need to raise equity.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Mailman, KeyBanc Capital.
Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Jordan Sadler's on the line with me as well. I was hoping maybe you guys could drill down a little bit more to the expectations on rent spreads turning positive. Maybe if you can offer any color on the magnitude we're going to see in 4Q and heading into 2013. And then just a breakdown of which markets you're seeing the best momentum in versus the ones that are going to be the biggest drag going forward.
Eugene F. Reilly: This is Gene. I'll start with answering the question. First of all, it is really, really difficult to predict this going positive or negative. So getting much more precise on that wouldn't be a very good idea. I mean the best way to look at this is, what is the trajectory of this line? And we're clearly headed to turning positive. We think that will happen next quarter. Frankly, when it does happen, it may bounce around. It may go slightly negative. But it is clearly headed in the right direction. In terms of individual markets, Southern California, South Florida, parts of New Jersey would clearly be places where we're going to have the opportunity to push rents. We have extremely high occupancies. But frankly, if you look at some of our regional markets, and you can look this up in the supplemental, we're really pushing occupancies in these markets as well. So what we see happening is a broad-based recovery in fundamentals in the Americas, and I'll let Gary speak to other geographies. And outside of the U.S., Mexico conditions are very, very tight and rents are frankly going really fast in Brazil. So rather than be precise about what happens next quarter, I think the really important thing here is what's happening with fundamentals, and what will drive a sustainable increase in rents and create an environment where we can frankly push rents really hard going forward into the next year.
Gary A. Anderson: Just to underscore what Gene said, I mean if you look again at the trailing 4 quarters, the trend is very, very clear, and it's undeniable. We are headed in the right direction. We have been heading in the right direction since the second quarter of 2010. And again, I think we all believe that 2003 -- 2013 in the aggregate will be positive. When you look at Europe, again we're sort of bouncing around. We're in an inflection point in Europe, and we're starting to see rent growth in certain of the global markets in certain size ranges. The global markets where we're seeing traction would be the East and West Midlands, London; in Germany would be Hamburg and Cologne. And we're seeing some traction in actually the south of France and also the south of Poland. In Asia, rents are strong throughout China. Again, we talked last month about China having 8.1% rent growth compounded per year. And they continue to trend positively. And in Japan, again we're actually seeing rent growth in the Tokyo and Osaka markets, particularly in Class A space. And that rent growth we're seeing is 4% to 6%. So again we're headed in the right direction, and we're highly confident of that for 2013.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Sakwa of ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I guess I just wanted to see if you could kind of balance for us the third quarter earnings season is coming in pretty weak for a lot of multinational companies. I mean some of that is driven by FX, but a lot of these companies are missing on the top line and just citing kind of weaker business conditions. And you mentioned a number of positive things kind of early in your comments, and I'm just wondering to what extent some of the factors that are impacting some of these multinationals just haven't really caught up with the fundamentals or do you think there's just something very different about what's impacting your business and what's impacting their business?
Hamid R. Moghadam: The latter, and let me try to elaborate on that. We just had our Customer Advisory Board Meeting in Denver about a week and a half ago, and we had our global large customers represented there. These are household names that you've heard of, and it usually involves the head of real estate. And they basically said exactly what you just said. He said the fundamentals of our business are not great, but we are out of space. And we have kicked the can down the road and kicked the can down the road, but there's population growth, there's consumption growth. And while we don't have pricing power on the top line, we have needs for space. And we got to take out costs out of our system, and the only way we can take costs out of our system is by revamping our logistics chain. So that's one thing that makes our business a little different than the other businesses. The other factor is e-commerce. A lot of these retailers, a lot of these companies are setting up parallel distribution chains for their e-commerce divisions, and that's picking up a fair amount of new space. The part that's missing or has been missing now in terms of a demand driver was the housing market. And actually based on my reading of your stuff, you guy's maybe are even more bullish on that than we are. But certainly the housing market is turning, and that will turn on that last engine that's going to fill up our 100,000 square foot spaces. So look, all you got to do is look around you and the business environment in terms of top line growth for these companies is not strong. But the need to restructure their supply chain and to take costs out, and the fact that they delayed taking space and kicked the can down the road for the last 4 years in the face of almost 12 million more people, consumers in the U.S. than 4 years ago and similar kinds of growth in many of the other regions, probably with the exception of Europe, is what's leading to our success. And by the way, we didn't have the kind of surge coming out of the downturn that some of the other companies did. But it was primarily an earnings surge for them. It wasn't a top line search because really they were taking out their personnel cost, and that was driving their bottom line growth. So top line is anemic. We're a solution for taking out cost out of the system, and they just can't delay it anymore is what we're hearing from these guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Toti of Cantor Fitzgerald.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: I'm here with Evan Smith as well. I have a very quick question. We're hearing from a number of our broker affiliates from the ground in the U.S. that port volumes are picking up pretty maturely. Are you seeing this in the context of your assets and also in the context of sort of mixed messages from both FedEx and UPS, especially with regards to the results today?
Eugene F. Reilly: This is Gene. I'll start, and I think others are going to have points of view. Well port volumes are recorded, and they are picking up. And yes we're seeing that, but frankly they've also been volatile. And the other thing is when you compare what's happening with real trade that will affect demand in our buildings with, for example, what's FedEx's last commentary on their business, they are 2 different things. We have to be very careful to understand what's happening in terms of a company like FedEx in -- across all their businesses versus what will affect demand and distribution space. So as Hamid just said a moment ago, and we're seeing a lot of demand coming from reinvestment into the supply chain. And if you think about it, we've got a 0 interest rate environment. Companies have a lot of cash on the balance sheet. This is probably going to be a pretty weak earnings season. But where you invest money, it can get a very good return on investment by investing into the supply chain. And frankly for some of them, it's really their only alternative of using capital. So at this point, that's pretty meaningful.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Stewart of Green Street Advisors.
John Stewart - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Tom, I have a very short 4-part question for you. Can you please remind us again what -- how much you expect to book in merger costs in the fourth quarter? And then can you please put the tax benefit in layman's terms for us? I presume that was noncash, but can you kind of explain what its related to and how it worked? Then can you please give us the cash mark-to-market and when you think you'll see the inflection point on a cash basis? And then last but not least, just comparing square footages quarter-to-quarter, it looks like some of the assets held for sale might be in France, so could you address what you expect the cap rates to be on the assets held for sale in France?
Thomas S. Olinger: Okay, I will address a couple of those first and then Gene and Mike can help me out. So on the merger costs, we're coming in or we're forecasting $75 million approximately for the full year. On the tax benefit, the tax benefit, we realized this quarter was consistent with what we've seen in the past several years in the third quarter. As tax returns get filed and completed, there are true ups that happen. And the bulk of the true ups or the benefit is coming through really related to contributions, activity that happened in the treatment of dividends around those contributions and how you account for those. And as we true up and finalize our tax returns, those true ups surface and we clean them up. The other important aspect of that is it is noncash, but when we built up those reserves, there was a cash component to it to the extent that it might relate to interest and the like on dividends. So -- and it did go to through core FFO, and that's why it's being reflected as core FFO now. So when the reserves were built [indiscernible] core FFO, when the reserves are released, it comes back through core FFO. But the important thing here is not so much the mechanics of what happened is we don't expect these to be -- have similar such benefits going forward. We're really through set contribution period and don't see any more like that. But it is eventually cash because that's a liability that we do not need to satisfy at this point. Your next question was on cash mark-to-market. I'll ask Gene to comment on that.
Eugene F. Reilly: Yes, as we're talking about mark-to-market in terms of our rents, I think we've been saying it's pretty much right on top of market rents at the moment. And it's trending in a positive direction. Just want to say it's marginally positive.
Gary A. Anderson: And that's true of Europe and Asia. Europe's right on top of mark-to-market. Japan's under-rented and China's significantly under-rented today.
Hamid R. Moghadam: And then, John, your last question was on the held for sale pool in France but as you know, we won't comment on any transaction until it happens. So once we close the transaction, we'll talk to you about cap rates in general.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Nussbaum of UBS.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I'm here with Gabe Hilmoe. These are questions unrelated. The first is it looks like you booked about $20 million of merger acquisition and integration expenses in the quarter. Just curious what those were, given that there's already been some distance since the merger occurred. The second question relates to the leasing CapEx. Looks like it's ticked up in a trailing 4-quarter basis up to 12.7% of your NOI. Or maybe expressed differently, you're now spending $1.50 per square foot in TIs. I'm curious, does that relate at all to the higher retention rate? Are you consciously selling out and putting a little more capital out the door upfront or is that merely a coincidence?
Thomas S. Olinger: 9 Ross, this is Tom. I'll take the merger acquisition piece first. It's really a function of timing this quarter. It's 2 pieces. One is just as people are leaving the company, that's triggering certain merger costs. And people are winding down in Q3 as well as Q4. There's also some restructuring that we talked about last quarter that is happening in our European finance organization. That's a piece of it. And then there's some professional costs as well that are higher this quarter. And that's a little bit to do with the European finance restructuring and also the closeout. As you know, we brought PEPR in-house this quarter, and we fully -- there are some costs related to that as well.
Gary A. Anderson: Okay, Ross, let me try to answer the rollover costs. We leased 39 million square feet this quarter. And if you look at our portfolio of 565 million feet or whatever it is and look at an average lease term, which today is about 5 years, that is the normal level of rollover and leasing. It should be a little under 30 million feet. So when we calculate those costs per square foot, we're dividing them by the entire portfolio. So because we're leasing 20% more space, there are going to be more leasing costs in this quarter compared to a quarter where leasing activity is actually lower not in a per square foot basis, but on a percentage of NOI basis because it's a percentage of the entire NOI. If you actually look at the trends on a per square foot of leasing, they bounce around, but they're not trending up. They were lower, then they picked up and now they're ticking lower. There's a seasonality to this because there's a lot of leasing in the fourth quarter that's month to month, and those leases virtually have no TIs. They're all on an as-is basis. So while you do get some volatility in December, but if you look at the annual numbers and compare them even though we don't have comparable numbers, it doesn't seem to us that there's anything going on.
Hamid R. Moghadam: The other thing I would add to that is when you look at the leasing and turnover cost in terms of term that we're leasing, the cost on a per term basis is actually down. So we're not behind occupancy at any -- from any perspective. I mean our costs are actually trending down on a per term basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Guinee of Stifel.
John W. Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: First, Walt, we are really going to miss you. Second, the way it looks to me, Tom, is that you're basically implying about a $0.40 per share FFO in the fourth quarter. And with all these asset sales, you're probably going to be trending down a little bit in 2013, which I think is all well and good. But the big issue is that the primary valuation metric for PLD is implied cap or premium discount to NAV. Can you talk a little bit about how you're managing the dispositions such that your implied cap rate doesn't decline at all as you have $4 billion, $5 billion worth of asset sales? And you're continually looking at this on a going forward basis, I'm assuming.
Hamid R. Moghadam: John, this is Hamid. We actually are not that smart to manage the timing of disposition. We have a pretty robust process for determining what assets are strategic and what are not, and it started out with a sort of global regional other market exercise. And then within the global markets, we looked at trimming our portfolio. So we have a sell list of what we want to sell over the first couple of years post merger. If anything, we've actually made better progress on that than we expected to because the markets have been good for selling assets, and we've been selling more assets as we've had success in the marketplace. So we don't really try to time it with respect to, "Oh, if we sell these assets, the cap rate looks high this quarter and maybe that will hit our NAV maybe later." We're just getting it done. Obviously the assets we're selling, and we'll report on the aggregate number and see it in our supplemental, are the lower quality assets in our portfolio. We've been very explicit about that. So whatever -- the direction of cap rates in the company on the assets that remain will be going down because we're selling the high cap rate assets out the back. So you should expect that trend -- in a static cap rate world, our cap rate should go down over time because the portfolio is getting higher quality every day. And if you really want have a discussion about cap rates, we'd be happy to sit down and tell you what we think cap rates are market by market. It'd probably take too long to do it on this call. But we have very clear views on that. And I think we're responsible for if not half, probably 1/3 of the product that's being put on the market and being sold. So we kind of know what's going on in the market with respect to real estate sales. And the market is very good.
Thomas S. Olinger: John, from a standpoint of run rate, if you look at the midpoint of our full year guidance which is $1.73, that implies we did $1.32 year-to-date. So that would imply $0.41 for Q4 to that midpoint. And it is a lower run rate than what we experienced in Q3 net of the deferred taxes. And it really is a function of the lumpiness that we're going to see regarding contributions and distributions. No, it's not -- unfortunately, it's not a straight line, and we're going to have ebbs and flows in Q3 with a lower quarter. We expect Q4 to be a much bigger quarter. And so there is some dilution in there, namely with our ability to redeploy the proceeds in the most accretive way, not just paying down the line but also being able to put it into new developments and the like and waiting for more higher interest rate debt to mature.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Let me give you one more thought on a way to think about dilution, which is I think your question. Basically, we know what activity we're going to do in terms of dispositions and fund formations, and we've given you ranges on the plan, and that's what we're executing. And if you put timing aside a little bit, we know what kind of debt we're going to get to, to repay preferreds and all that kind of stuff over time. And depending on the timing of those, those could be breakeven or they could be 200 kind of basis points to the bad depending on whether we're selling high-cap assets and retiring low-cost debt in a given quarter or something. But that's not where the major dilution numbers are going to come from. The major dilution number or accretion number is going to come up -- come out with how much land we monetize because the incremental return on our development pipeline is very high because the land is earning a negative return in terms of carrying cost and property taxes and all that. So the more of our land that we put into build-to-suit or our production, the quicker or the less dilution we have, and maybe we can have accretion if we put a lot of it to work. The message we hope that you take away from this call is that actually our build-to-suit business is going really, really well, and it's really picked up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Bilerman of Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Tom, just a couple of quick follow-ups. I definitely appreciate the pro rata information on income statement balance sheet. Do you have just the first one, just same-store NOI on a pro rata see through basis? Obviously 2.7% is everything altogether, that's number one. Number two is just on the merger expenses, which you've talked about little bit on this call. You obviously say it a lot this quarter. You have you said $75 million for the year, which is $22.5 million for the fourth quarter. We're up to about $210 million of expenses. My memory, which is a little bit weak, but I think it was like $175, $200 of target when you guys announced the merger. And so I'm just curious, are we -- after the fourth quarter, is it ending? Because now we're at $210 relative to that original budget, so that's number two. Number three was just on rent growth. I want to -- when you talk about rent spreads turning positive next year, is there any rent growth built into that assumption for 2013? And the last question is just on Page 36. You have an adjustment of straight-line rents and amortization of lease intangibles, which is a positive $15 million. Can you break that out between what is current, which you disclosed as being negative $4 million? Is the balance everything related to the development pipeline as a positive adjustment?
Thomas S. Olinger: Michael, so on the same-store NOI look through, I don't have that...
Hamid R. Moghadam: And let me just say this. We don't actually track it that way. Culturally, would be a really bad thing to do. With respect to operating statistics of our portfolio, we have the one-portfolio policy. And whether it's in funds or balance sheets, our operating people responsible for delivering that performance are judged and measured by the overall results, not what they do for the funds versus the balance sheet. So we don't even keep track of it that way, and culturally, it would be a really bad signal to keep track of it that way.
Thomas S. Olinger: But, Michael, I wouldn't -- we can get you that number. I wouldn't expect it to be materially different than what we reported in any meaningful way, just given the mix of assets. And particularly given the strength in U.S., I would actually expect it might be a little higher given the proportion of U.S. On merger costs, we're done at the end of 2012 with merger costs. And what's happening in relation to our regional estimate, it's really 2 things. I guess 3 -- 2 things. The first is when we originally gave that guidance, we hadn't contemplated the PEPR cost, that's one. And the second piece of it is we just have higher costs related to personnel. And it's a function of 2 things. One, more synergies, more people that we had redundant positions than we originally estimated, so that's a good thing. It clearly drove our merger savings higher, but there was a cost to that. And the second piece was the financial reorg we're doing in Europe. So those pieces would make up the majority of the delta over our original estimate. And again, timing will close that out on -- at the end of 2012. Your last question regarding straight-line rent, again, I don't have that memory, but we can break that out for you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Salinsky of RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Hamid, I think you mentioned that you expect a little bit more -- you expect the margins to come in a little bit in your earlier comments. And also just looking out to the fourth quarter there, you talked a lot about e-retailing. How are you looking at inventory build on the retail side right now? Have you seen a normal build there or has that been a bit light?
Hamid R. Moghadam: No, I think it's still light compared to -- we're going to a choppy market. There's an election. There's a fiscal cliff. Three's all the stuff that you read about in the paper, so I think people are not getting over to excuse with respect to the amount of inventory they're going to carry in the chain. Having said that, I think consumer confidence is a lot stronger than most people would've guessed given all these headwinds. So I think we'll see. I think these guys are going to have a pretty good Christmas. And we may get caught pretty short on inventory into the new year. But that's a guess. I'm not an expert. You guys know more about that stuff than I do.
Thomas S. Olinger: Margins?
Hamid R. Moghadam: Oh, margins. Margins -- look, our land bank has gone from my getting a lot of questions about, is it worth any sense [ph] of what you're carrying here to how much more than what you're carrying it is its worth. I mean clearly, a 19% margin will tell you that our land cost basis aggregate is low because normal margins shouldn't be 19%. I think normal margins should be 14%, 15% for spec products and maybe 10%, 12% for build-to-suit. And the 19% is not the most impressive number. The 19%, given the mix of build-to-suits, was actually pretty impressive, but it just means that the land may be mispriced in a different way than people think.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brendan Maiorana.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Hamid, a question. I just want to follow up on the land. I heard the comments earlier that development seems like it is -- it's improving, the outlook is improving, the margins are high, and you mentioned I think in an earlier response to a question that land is going to drive earnings growth just given that it's a negative carry today. But you did start development during the quarter, but there was about $90 million of land acquisitions and $90 million of land monetized through development. When do you think that calculation starts to whittle your land balance down that you monetize land more than what you buy?
Hamid R. Moghadam: So I think as we laid out in our investor forum, I think a company our size that thinks that the opportunities are in the world in a normal year, about $2.5 billion needs to have about $1.5 billion of land around. And we now have about $2 billion of land around. So over time, and I would say 3, 4 years, we'll get our land bank down to where it needs to be. But it's going -- where it needs to be is about $1.5 billion. So it's not materially lower than what it is today. Now the reason land goes up is that when you put land into production, you have to put infrastructure into it and that counts as land. So land going up in the short term -- we bought a few parcels, particularly for some of our build-to-suits. For example, we bought some adjacent parcels to some parcels that we have because the build-to-suit that we procured needed more land than we had. And more importantly, we put infrastructure into the land, and that drives up the cost. So as you wrap up your development activity, your land number is actually going to go up because of infrastructure before it starts coming down. But we are pretty confident that we are on a good path. And if you take a 3, 4, 5-year view, we'll get down to where the land should be. Mike?
Michael S. Curless: I think it would be important to add, we are in very select situations, reloading our development machine with buying select parcels in places like Paris, Tokyo and L.A. But of all the land we bought this year, it's important to note that some 85% of that land will be put into production by 2013. So we are buying it but putting it very quickly back into production. In fact, 1/2 of the land we bought this year will be in production by the end of this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Mueller, JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In terms of the question, what part of the 10-quarter plan do you think is -- maybe the right term isn't the riskiest, but, yes, call it the riskiest to pull off by the end of 2013? Is it raising the capital in Europe? Is it raising the capital in Japan? Is it finding buyers for noncore stuff in the Americas?
Hamid R. Moghadam: The risk is part of the plan. In terms of timing or in terms of actually getting done?
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, getting done in the time frame you were talking about.
Hamid R. Moghadam: By 2013? I don't see it being risky. I don't -- I'm not trying to be Pollyannaish, but I don't see a whole lot of risk in executing it during the entire 10 quarter plan. I think if you're asking me what part of them will happen in the fourth quarter and what part of it will happen in the second quarter next year or first going next year, I think there's a lot of volatility around that. And I got to tell you, we've got to really be careful about those kinds of motivations not driving us to do silly deals, which we won't. So if we're all patient, take a deep breath, we'll get there and we'll get there -- we'll more than get there, I think, by the end of this plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Spector, Bank of America.
James C. Feldman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is actually Jamie Feldman here with Jeff. I guess my first part of my question is just a follow-up to that prior question. How are you guys thinking about the risk from the fiscal cliff and what seems to be generally slowing business decision-making on both your fourth quarter expectations and full year for next year for the 10 quarter plan? And then my actual question is actually following up, Hamid, you commented you think new lending requirements might hold back new development this cycle. I was hoping you could give maybe some examples of that or a little more color on what you mean and across what markets.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Okay, on the fiscal cliff and all the economic headwinds, all I can tell you is what our customers are telling us and what they're telling us is that they don't have a lot of pricing power, that their top line growth is anemic, they're selling more units but not with a lot of pricing power. So their margins are under pressure, and supply chain is the key to them actually maintaining margin or slowing down its erosion. So it's not like they want to spend money on more real estate, but they kind of got to, to maintain the unit flows that they're dealing with even at lower margins. That's the essence of what we're hearing from our customers. And the second part -- spending. Oh, yes. Actually I was talking to a couple of lenders at ULI last week, and it was interesting. They are -- most of the big lenders are already operating under Basel III with respect to these capital charges, even though they're not required to be. And boy, the mass of it is very punitive on construction lending. All construction lending is recoursed. The loan-to-value ratios are 60% to 65% with recourse to the best borrowers. I mean the matches doesn't work for a private guy trying to put 35%, 40% equity into a deal to do a spec deal at a low margin. So I think it's going to be pretty tough to build a new building. In fact there was an article, I think, in the Wall Street Journal today in the Journal that the bankers are screaming and they're going for some relief to the regulators to try to loosen this up a little bit. But the way it's structured now, I don't think you're going to see supply coming on board the way it has in previous cycles, which is really good for us. Okay, that was the last question. So thank you for being here. And let me just leave you with 3 key takeaways. First we had a great quarter, and we're making excellent progress on our strategic priorities. Second, the main drivers of the recent uptick in demand are lack of construction, supply chain reconfiguration and growth in consumption, all the things we've just talked about. Third, the team and I are excited about the momentum we're taking into the fourth quarter, and we very much look forward to ending the year at a high note. Thank you for joining us, and we'll see many of you at May week.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ron Hubbard  Investor Relations Dennis D. Oklak  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Christie Kelly  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mark A. Denien  Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Joshua Attie  Citigroup Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets James Feldman  Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo Securities Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie Research John Stewart  Green Street Advisors Michael Bilerman  Citigroup Jason Jones  Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Duke Realty Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all phone participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) And as a reminder, this call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Ron Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations for Duke Realty. Mr. Hubbard, please go ahead. 
Ron Hubbard:  Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Denny Oklak, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Christie Kelly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Denien, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we make our prepared remarks, let me remind you that statements we make today are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. For more information about those risk factors, we would refer you our December 31, 2011 10-K that we have on file with the SEC. Now, for our prepared statement, I'll turn it over to Denny Oklak. 
Dennis D. Oklak:  Thank you, Ron. Good afternoon, everyone. Today, I will highlight some of our key accomplishments during the quarter in both our operational and asset strategies. Christie will then address our second quarter financial performance and progress on our capital strategy. Then, I'll finish up our prepared remarks with some comments about our outlook for the remainder of 2012. By all accounts, the second quarter was a great success for Duke Realty and I'm very proud of our team for their accomplishments. We signed over 4.9 million square feet of leases in the second quarter and started development of $63 million of industrial projects and $65 million of medical office projects. All of our new development starts are 100% preleased with the exception of 431,000 square foot spec industrial start on our land in Chino, California. Our in-service occupancy percent increased slightly to 92.2%, while our overall portfolio occupancy was relatively flat at quarter end at 92.0%, really due to the speculative development start. We made continued progress on our asset repositioning strategy with $103 million of acquisitions, comprised substantially of bulk industrial properties and disposed of $27 million of flex industrial, retail and land assets. On the capital front, we issued $300 million of new unsecured debt at a company record low effective rate of 4.47%, lowering our cost of capital and reflecting an endorsement from the market on Duke Realty's improving credit strength. Christie will speak more in depth on our capital activities in just a moment. From a macro perspective, halfway through the year, the economy is moving along at a relatively tepid 2% growth rate. Recent economic indicators have been mixed, with some of the manufacturing and freight data points slightly moving to the downside. Despite that, our overall leasing activity has held up well in both industrial and medical office. On industrial, the trends in e-commerce and supply chain modernization are also continuing to drive steady demand for our newer, larger box modern industrial portfolio. The on-campus medical office facility business also remains robust, particularly on the new developments on. The suburban office sector continues to be sluggish in most markets with a few pockets showing good absorption and moderate rent growth. Looking to the rest of the year, we expect continued slow, but upward growth, yet we remain mindful of rising uncertainty and event risk from government fiscal issues across the globe in the upcoming U.S. election. As I said, we had another solid quarter of leasing activity with 4.9 million square feet of signings. We reduced 66% of our leases during the quarter. On the renewal leases, we attained over 2.7% and 5.3% increased rental rate growth in our industrial and medical office businesses, indicative of our ability to push rents in a high occupancy portfolio. Office continued to be a challenge with slightly negative growth as we expected. With respect to same property performance, we achieved positive same property NOI growth for the 12 months and three months ended June 30 of 3.7% and 3.4% respectively. Now let me touch on some of the key activity within each of our product types for the quarter. The national industrial market continues to improve with demand drivers positive on most fronts. Early indication show second quarter vacancy levels for higher quality product declined another 25 to 40 basis points to just under 9.5%. With respect to select Duke markets, Chicago, Atlanta and Dallas, all reported 50 to 80 basis point reduction in overall vacancy levels, with new supply levels on a national basis still relatively muted at roughly a quarter of a percent of inventory. We continue to have strong fundamental outlook in the industrial sector. With respect to leasing in our in-service portfolio, we completed over a 1.5 million square feet of new industrial leases and over 1.8 million square feet of renewal leases. Including new leases on development build-to-suits, our industrial leases totaled over 3.7 million square feet. For the second quarter, we generated positive net absorption in our industrial portfolio with in-service occupancy rising to 93.6%. Some of our larger lease deals included 222,000 square foot seven-year expansion in renewal with Sonoco Plastics in St. Louis, a 164,000 square foot expansion in renewal in Houston with Bray International. In our Chicago market, we executed 257,000 square foot lease with Brighton Best International in connection with a new acquisition. Finally, we signed two other leases totaling almost 441,000 square feet on build-to-suit development project, which I'll discuss in more depth. The office leasing environment continues to be challenging as expected. Our nationwide vacancy levels dropped 10 basis points to 20 basis points during the quarter, yet remained in the 13% to 14% range, reflective of the tepid job and GDP growth. However, total leasing in our portfolio for the quarter was 900,000 square feet with in-service occupancy levels increasing 43 basis points to 85.9%. Raleigh was a particularly strong market with 77,000 square foot, 11-year lease with Novella Clinical and 70,000 square foot expansion with Lenovo for eight years both signed in this quarter and both of these tenants are in our Perimeter Park development. We also signed over 37,000 square feet of leases at our CAPTRUST Tower project in Raleigh and that project is now 93% leased. On the medical office front, healthcare providers are moving ahead with strategic plans to navigate provider and practitioner consolidation trends and looming healthcare reform of which a key component is providing modern, lower cost outpatient settings for their customers. Consistent with this trend, our leasing activity and development opportunities continued to gain traction. We also started two new development projects, which Ill also cover in just a minute. Looking out  we have a good solid backlog of leasing and development prospects for the remainder of 2012 reflective of our deep relationships in the healthcare industry and an excellent development track record by our team. We also made good progress at our asset strategy during the quarter. We acquired $103 million of very high quality properties. These acquisitions included a 498,000 square foot bulk industrial facility in La Mirada, California, which is in northern Orange County. That is 100% lease to Staples and Cotton On. We also acquired a 570,000 square foot building in the Atlanta I-20 West submarket, 100% leased to a global leader in the display and exhibit services business, with the remaining lease term of 11.5 years. In a more creative deal, we acquired a vacant 257,000 square foot industrial facility in Chicago and leased the entire building to Brighton Best. This Chicago transaction was located in the IAEA corridor and allowed us to meet an existing customer's expansion needs. This deal exemplifies the value-add creativity, relationships and overall depth of the Duke Realty platform. Disposition activity was relatively light this quarter, with $27 million of property sold, of which $15 million was from three non-core flex industrial assets that were 86% occupied and $11 million from one retail asset that was 81% occupied, and the remaining from vacant land. Now turning to development, I'm pleased to report that our development start year-to-date are off to the strongest start in several years, a testament to what we believe is a best-in-class development platform. After 136 million of starts in the first quarter, we started another 128 million during the second quarter with the diversified mix of industrial and medical office build-to-suit and speculative projects, all consistent with our asset strategy. In total, we have 3.4 million square feet across 13 projects under construction that are over 86% preleased in the aggregate. These new developments for the quarter included two new industrial build-to-suits, the first was in Atlanta project totaling 211,000 square feet which is 100% preleased to Kuehne and Nagel for a term of 10 years. The project will be delivered within our 400 acre Camp Creek Business Center strategically located just east of Hartsfield International Airport. The second industrial build-to-suit development start is in the Chicago O'Hare submarket, a 230,000 square feet state-of-the-art warehouse leased to [Houston] logistics. The deal is another example of our strategic development capabilities as we acquired a 26 acre brownfield redevelopment site near O'Hare and we are able to sign a long term 12 year lease with the Blue Chip global (inaudible) tenant. The other build-to-suit projects were medical office, which were briefly mentioned on the last call. The projects are both on hospital campuses and leased to Scott & White Healthcare, an A rated health system with 120,000 square foot facility located in College Station, Texas and the other 67,000 square foot facility outside of Austin, Texas and both projects are 100% leased for 15 years. On the last call, we announced our first spec development project located in Southern California. As we discussed for the last few quarters, we've been closely watching select markets where fundamentals and growth prospects are robust, matched with our strategic land positions to potentially began spec development. We broke ground on the Southern California project in June. The project will total 431,000 square feet in the Inland Empire West submarket. Interest in Southern California high quality distribution space remains strong with the Inland Empire second quarter vacancy dropping to 6.5%, which is reportedly the lowest ever, with the net absorption more than doubling from the first quarter, and rents are up roughly 3% since the first quarter as well. With this backdrop, we are optimistic about the leasing prospects for this facility and expect roughly 100 to 125 basis point return premium over acquisition yields on this development. So, if you look at the quarter's development starts and exclude the Chino spec project, total project costs were $102 million and these buildings are 100% leased for an average of 14 years the high credit tenants with our average return over the terms at 7.9%. I'd also like to announce two additional speculative projects that recently started. The first, a 600,000 square foot industrial facility in Indianapolis, which we designed to be expandable to 1 million square feet. As most of you are aware, Indianapolis has one of lowest overall vacancy rates in the U.S. at around 5.5% with Class A vacancy at about 4%. Moreover, the availability of large blocks of space in the overall market are virtually non-existent, complemented with (inaudible) reporting over a 4% growth in rents from the first quarter to the second quarter. Were strategically placing this facility in the northwest Indianapolis submarkets and our all points at Hanson Park. Though there are some  other speculative industrial development it's going on in the city, there is no other bulk warehouse building their plant in the northwest submarkets. And finally, we also like to announce a new 158,000 square foot spec office building in Houston. The project is located on the final remaining eight acres of over 42 acres (inaudible) Keystone Crossing Park, in the northwest submarkets of Houston right on the 8.0 way. Given the proximity of the location to the energy corridor and Exxon campus and the booming energy industry, the submarket is strong demand by energy services providers and engineering firms, which is held drive, we just help drive the vacancy of our competitive set and submarkets less than 5%. With these fundamentals, we believe it's the appropriate time to pursue a speculative office development in this market. This project will be developed in our joint venture with CBRE Realty Trust, which includes the adjacent building which is 100% leased. As youve heard from us for a number of quarters now these speculative projects have been strategically gone out and representative of the operational discipline at Duke Realty. Once again the strong Duke Realty development platform is showing great value creation opportunities as a real estate markets began to grow again. I'll now turn the call over to Christie to discuss our financial results for the quarter.
Christie Kelly: Thanks, Denny. And good afternoon everyone. As Denny mentioned, I would like to provide an update on our second quarter financial performance as well under the progress on our capital strategy. Our second quarter 2012 core FFO was $0.26 per share. The improvement in Core FFO per share from $0.24 per share for the first quarter of 2012 was mainly driven by an increase in average occupancy, higher lease termination fee income, as well as the full quarter savings on dividends related to the first quarter repayment of our Series M preferred shares. First, as you can imagine, the timing of the lease buyouts is very hard to predict that we are generally recognized total termination fee income of $7.5 million to $15 million per year for the last couple of years. Our original guidance for the year was $5 million to $10 million, consistent with our normal run rate, and we still expect to be in that range. Second, G&A expense in this quarter was a little higher than we would expect for a go forward run rate due to less overhead costs being absorbed into leasing and development for the second quarter. As the development starts that we have announced for the first half of the year, pickup in volumes, we expect more overhead to be absorbed and accordingly G&A expense to decrease slightly. Were comfortable with our G&A guidance that we have given of $38 million to $43 million for the year. For the quarter, we generated $0.21 per share in AFFO, which translates into a conservative dividend payout ratio slightly below 81%. Our year-to-date payout ratio is below 83%. We are pleased with our operating results for the quarter and anticipate continued solid execution throughout the rest of the year. Turning to the capital side of our business; we successfully generated new proceeds through several transitions during the quarter in an effort to lower our cost of capital and optimize on long-term debt maturities as well as fund the continued execution of our asset strategy. In June, we took advantage of a favorable interest rate environment and successfully executed a $300 million offering of 10-year senior unsecured notes with a coupon of 4.375% and an effective yield of 4.47%. The transaction reduced our weighted average cost of debt and further balanced the laddering of our maturity profile. We're very pleased with the timing and execution of this transaction and appreciate the support of our fixed income investors. We utilized the proceeds from this offering to repay an $88 million secured loan and fund a portion of our acquisition activity for the quarter. We ended the quarter with $107 million of cash that we will be primarily utilized towards funding $171 million of third quarter debt maturities along with our development funding obligations. In May 2012, we executed new ATM programs that allow for the issuance of up to $200 million worth of our common stock. During the second quarter of 2012, we issued approximately 311,000 shares of common stock under that program, generating net proceeds of approximately $4.4 million. Thus far in July, we have issued an additional $2 million of our common shares, which generated net proceeds of approximately $29 million. We have been selective in utilizing our new ATM program and total issuance since the beginning of the second quarter including early July has been at an average stock price of $14.69. We also generated 27 million of proceeds from non-strategic asset dispositions. We utilized the capital generated during the quarter to fund development activities as well as fund $100 million of property acquisitions, of which nearly all were high-quality bulk industrial properties. Our liquidity remains very solid when considering the fact that we have no borrowings outstanding on our $850 million line of credit and have very manageable debt maturities for the remainder of the year totaling $254 million. I will conclude by saying that I am very happy with our progress in the second quarter as we continue to execute across all aspects of our strategies. With that, I'll turn it back over to Denny.
Dennis D. Oklak: Thanks, Christie. Yesterday, we tightened our guidance for FFO per share to $0.98 to $1.06 for 2012 in recognition of our positive leasing activity and operational performance year-to-date. We continue to remain comfortable with the range of estimates for the key operating metrics we've provided to you in January. As alluded to you on the last call, we still expect to be near the high end of average occupancy because of the strong year-to-date start and the fact that we have only 3% of our leases expiring during the remainder of the year. We are proceeding as expected with acquisitions and dispositions though the timing is a little weighted towards the end of the year. We also have a strong backlog of new development projects that we believe we can execute during the second half of the year. Most importantly, we are focused on executing our operating asset and capital strategies in undoubtedly more volatile economic climate these days. We firmly believe executing on our plan will strengthen the Duke Realty platform and provide for steady long-term earnings and dividend growth for the market cycles. Thank you again for your support of Duke Realty and now we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We go to the line of Joshua Attie with Citi. Please go ahead.
Joshua Attie  Citigroup: Hi, good afternoon. Can you tell us, give us more information on the termination fee, what it was related to, was it one tenant or several tenants?
Dennis D. Oklak: It was several tenants, I'd say it was a couple larger ones of  and one was in Raleigh were we terminated a tenant and immediately backfilled it with an other tenant, so that's really why we did  did it because we have the opportunity to  basically relocate an existing tenant into a larger space. And then the second one was the project I mentioned up in Chicago where we had existing tenant that we relocated and expanded and as part of that they actually provided us a buyout on some of their space that they were leaving. So, it was  both the transactions were really good deals for us.
Joshua Attie  Citigroup: Thank you, and one more question, can you talk about the acquisitions that you made in the quarter? I know the initial yield is around 6.4% to those, do you have the opportunity to move that up over time, did some of those leases have escalations in them, and I guess how did you underwrite what the return would be on those assets over a period of time beyond just the initial yield?
Dennis D. Oklak: Yeah Josh, all of those assets have rental rate increases, it pretty much annual. Rental rate increase is built into them. I just  Id make a couple of comments on that because, again we are still finishing up our asset repositioning strategy when you look at it. so weve got roughly $500 million to $600 million more of industrial growth to occur, weve got about $500 million of additional suburban office to dispose off and then about $300 give or take million of retail to dispose off. So we're still focused on getting to those targets by next year, which weve been saying for a long time now. but were being a little bit more selective as we go through and the volumes are lower, because we've done some very large transactions as you know over the last few years. And again, when were trying to do that, I think we run into some timing issues. so a couple of things, we may be buying some things before we actually get our dispositions closed, but we really know where were headed. So again, it's all part of that process. So you may see us acquiring again a couple of stabilized assets that fit into our strategy before we've had a chance to sell some of our unstabilized assets. so it just looks a little different. I mean the truth is, were really using the proceeds from our ATM to fund the new development starts, which is as I mentioned were getting really good yields on those. If you look at our pipeline today, our average yield on those development projects is 8.25%. So we think thats really good accretive use of those funds. So I think that answers your question, but I also just really wanted to give some color on our thought process.
Joshua Attie  Citigroup: I guess also what I was driving at a little bit is whats the value creation story behind some of these acquisitions? It seems like theyre fully leased and there are some embedded rent bumps, but the cap rate seems  it seems on surface to me to be a little bit full. Do you think the value creation comes from NOI growth or cap rate compression? Im just trying to understand how the value of these assets goes up two, three, four years from now and where that increasing value comes from?
Dennis D. Oklak:  Yeah. So going back, there are two things. Yes, clearly NOI growth in these, and again theyre all in real strong markets. so we think well get very good NOI growth there. but then my other point is were still selling some assets that even though they might not match up on a quarter-by-quarter basis, theyre going to match up. and as we've been saying and as we've proven, we're not diluting our AFFO as we reposition the portfolio. so sometimes you will see us buy a stabilized asset that we think its a great long-term asset, and it's just not matched up, let's say, a suburban office disposition, but again we're still looking at it that way that it's part of the non-dilutive repositioning that we're still going through.
Joshua Attie  Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Well go to the line of Paul Adornato with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets: Hi, good afternoon. Looking at the medical office development pipeline both existing and perspective, how much of that would say is repeat business?
Dennis D. Oklak:  Well, a fair amount of that Paul, is repeat business, but we're really pleased that we started a new relationship with Scott & White Healthcare in Central Texas this year. And they had not been really a customer before and weve got in relationship and we've started two projects with them as I mentioned, and we've got a couple more coming. So that's an example of repeat business. But then again I think a lot of the other starts, we continue to start various projects for Baylor or Baylor-affiliated companies. So its really been sort of a nice mix of repeat customers and now we're also adding some new ones there.
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. And could you also just talk about just the overall environment for medical office development? Is it very fragmented like the industrial development landscape might be?
Dennis D. Oklak:  I would say, it's not anywhere near as fragmented as industrial, but industrial, as you know, is very fragmented when you look from market-to-market. But there is a number of developers out there, and I'll just say a number of high quality developers out there, but it's certainly a lesser number when you look around the country than you find on the industrial side.
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets:  And has there been a shakeout among those developers over the last cycle like there has been elsewhere in real estate?
Dennis D. Oklak:  Yeah, I would say a little bit so. I think the number is down. There has been some consolidation and again a few of those private developers like in the other product types or at least that weve seen I'd say on the industrial and suburban office side really arent around anymore. So I think the number of folks out there is less.
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. And finally, just looking at the spec industrial development, maybe you could generalize and just tell us what your kind of qualitative and quantitative criteria for pulling the trigger on a spec industrial might be?
Dennis D. Oklak:  On a spec industrial?
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets:  Yeah.
Dennis D. Oklak:  Again, I would say were obviously not doing a lot of it. Weve only started one and now have just a couple of others in the pipeline, so we're being very selective. and again, I think that market rates and some of these markets have begun to move up market rental rates. So I think we're seeing some ability to start these developments. but just on a bottom line basis, I would tell you, our yield requirements on spec developments probably, it's somewhere between 100 basis points and 150 basis points above what we think the market cap rates are today. So we're still getting that spread. It's just that today cap rates are pretty low and especially on the industrial side, I would say in most of these markets, so our developed yields are a little bit lower than they would have historically been, but Id tell you well be getting above the same spread somewhere in that 100 basis points to 150 basis points range.
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Dennis D. Oklak: Thanks, Paul.
Operator:  And our next question comes from James Feldman with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
James Feldman  Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch: Hey, thank you. A couple of questions, I guess the first sticking with development. If you look at your balance sheet and see how CIP has grown over the last couple of quarters, how do you think about the level of where youd be comfortable growing the development pipeline too? It seems like I mean weve doubled since last quarter, actually doubled each in the last three quarters starting from a pretty low base, but how should we think about that?
Dennis D. Oklak:  Well, I think two things about that, Jamie. One is, Im really pleased with that development pipeline because as we said its 86% leased basically when we started. So the risk profile of that development pipeline is really very low right now, because we are being very conscious on spec, but were also watching the overall level of our development pipeline. And were really very focused on keeping that no more than about 7%, 8% of our overall balance sheet. And I don't think you're going to see it get any bigger than that.
James Feldman  Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch:  Okay. And then can you talk about the depth of interest in both the MOB  build-to-suit pipeline and warehouse?
Dennis D. Oklak:  Yeah. I would say it's good, very reasonably good right now. Its probably down a little bit from what we saw six months ago just because weve signed several deals. So our pipeline was bigger, but the good news is we actually got those deals signed. Today there is a lot of talk going on build-to-suit warehouse business and well see how real some of these are, sometimes it's a little hard to tell when you are making proposals whether they're really real. But I think it's pretty strong, and I would say it's very strong on the medical office side of the business. There is a lot of activity going on. And I think our sense is, now that we're a couple of years into this Affordable Care Act and now that its been upheld by the Supreme Court. The healthcare systems are prepared and starting to look at the things that they need to do in their business and how these changes will affect them. And theyre starting to make some commitments for growth, the new facilities to take that into account.
James Feldman  Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch:  So when you say very strongly, whats like the total magnitude, what's out? I know youve said in the past, the different institutions will only pick one developer to kind of limit how much you can really do, so like what do you think is your potential pipeline?
Dennis D. Oklak:  Well, I think our backlog of prospects, weve been starting  we started about $200 million last year, $175 million, $200 million of medical office, which was down from where we were pre-downturn, but that was still our highest year in a couple of years. This year, were already well over $100 million of new development starts. I would tell you, our backlog today is probably $200 million to $300 million of prospects that are out there that were working on, which I would consider very strong.
James Feldman  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Do you think that it grows a lot more after  let me think, kind of after the election and things seem a little more settled than on the legislative environment or thats about a good run rate?
Dennis D. Oklak:  I think thats about a good run rate. I dont see any of those factors really causing it to change one way or the other very significantly. But again, I think that $200 million to $300 million of kind of backlog at any one time, projects were working on there is really a good run rate.
James Feldman  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Okay. And then finally for Christie, you had mentioned I think an 80%, 81% dividend payout ratio on AFFO. How should we think about the prospects for dividend growth and where youre comfortable with that ratio?
Christie Kelly:  I think Jamie, as we sit today were very comfortable with the conservative nature of our business and keeping that dividend payout ratio in accordance with our guidance. And then as we move forward, in 2013 and beyond, I think you can expect us to re-look at the dividend.
James Feldman  Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch:  And the growth rate kind of in line with AFFO?
Christie Kelly:  Yes.
James Feldman  Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch: Growth, okay, all right. Great, thank you.
Operator:  Well go to the line of Brendan Maiorana with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks, good afternoon. Question for you guys and I apologize, because I jumped on a little bit late. So Im not sure if you addressed this. But it looked like the leasing volumes on the bulk side were a little bit light, and I think were in; expirations were a little light as well. But Im just wondering, are you guys seeing any sluggishness, any slowdown because of some of the macro concerns that are out there specific on the bulk side?
Dennis D. Oklak:  Brendan, I would say that I think this was kind of a relatively normal quarter for us at overall 5 million square feet of leasing just under 4 million on the bulk. We just came off such a high quarter in the first quarter it looks down, but that 8.6 million square feet of leasing we did in the first quarter was pretty much a record quarter for us. So that $5 million to $5.5 million range is pretty standard for us. So and then the other thing, Id point out is that leasing activity probably is going to slow some as our occupancy gets up, just the level of leasing activity because were now 93.6% leased in the bulk industrial. So youre just not going to have as much, which is a good thing. So and then back just to the overall comments, I would say we havent felt any real slowdown. I mean you never know everything is a little bit cyclical. It seems like anymore we always get a little bit of summer doldrums when we head into it. My guess is July, I havent seen our July numbers, but my guess is a little bit slower and August would be slower. But I think thats just cyclicality right now. So today, I would say we have no indication that third or fourth quarter overall are going to be pretty much on line. But well probably have a better idea that after Labor Day, because things just do tend to slowdown anymore in the summer. But really, activity has been pretty good. But again, as weve gotten more leased up and we have less vacant inventory out there, the deals just arent as frequent, which is fine.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo Securities:  Is the balance of the space that you have to lease up, as you kind of lease up your space, I imagine you lease up the stuff as easiest quickest, is whats remaining because you dont have that much left a little over 6% on the bulk side. Is it just a more challenged space to lease up and so its going to be a tougher goal a bit from here?
Dennis D. Oklak:  No, not necessarily, but I would say theres not many big spaces left. Ill tell you we got  Im not even sure we have any over a 0.5 million square feet. I think maybe around 300,000 square feet is probably our biggest vacancy. And some of that vacancy is still in the new products, so getting the last 250,000 square foot space filled. So I would say, no, its not of lower quality, if you want to call it space. Its just smaller spaces, which the activity has been pretty solid on, but not as good as the larger bulk spaces.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo Securities:  Okay. And then it looked like the bankruptcies were high this quarter as well at least on a square footage basis, is there anything anomalous that happened in the quarter that caused that number to spike up?
Dennis D. Oklak:  We have one in Dallas, a home furniture in about, I think it was 378,000 square feet in a warehouse that did file bankruptcy and terminated this quarter. So it was a little bit of larger one. And I would say its been a little bit surprising to me. Weve had a couple of surprised bankruptcies this year that we werent expecting and it really had stabilized through latter half of 2010 and 2011. But the first six months of this year, it picked backup a little bit. And I dont know that thats a sign of anything, it could be  its only in a couple of places. But we did see that and thats the one that occurred in the second quarter. But the good news is weve got really good activity on that space. So I think well get a backflow pretty quickly, because I guess that probably is our biggest space weve got out there now.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo Securities:  Okay, its helpful. And then just as we think about the balance of the year, and I know you were talking with Jamie about the development pipeline. As we look forward, do you think this proportion of limited spec, and mostly built-to-suit is likely to persist for the balance of this year and into next year or if the market and the economic kind of chunks along at this sort of slow recovery space, or do you think that if conditions hold us, there are in a new supply and risk is low that you guys will continue to expand the spec development in the market to where it make sense?
Dennis D. Oklak:  Well, I think for the rest of this year and on into the first part of next year anyway its going to stay pretty much as it is. Pretty limited spec development and more on the built-to-suit side, I think well get some more built-to-suit. Again, as I mentioned on the medical office, pipeline is pretty big. So I think well get some more of those signed. And its hard to paint a picture that well do in the next six months or so, any more than one or two more spec projects if that many.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo Securities:  Sure. and then just last one, any difference, whats the premium, I know you talked about the premium on spec versus market cap rates, the 100 to 150. Whats the differential when youre looking at the built-to-suit return versus spec?
Dennis D. Oklak:  Well, Ill tell you its probably 50 to 75 basis points today, because in this environment the build-to-suit industrial development is going on out there. With the competition today, there isnt a huge spread over what acquisition yields are going for. If youve got a long-term lease with a high-credit tenant, youre only looking at maybe 50 plus or minus basis points spread over what the market acquisition cap rates are. So again, if you got to say acquisition cap rates then go up 50 for a build-to-suit and up another 75 to 100 for spec.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, thats helpful. Thanks.
Operator:  Well go to the line of Ki Bin Kim with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie Research: Thank you. Turning to your development side, how would you gauge the value creation on, maybe if you had to split up between industrial and medical office. I mean I do see that your expected total yield is about low 7s. But if you had to split up between the two different segments, what do you think those are worth in the open market, once stabilized?
Dennis D. Oklak:  Well, I would say again, I think youve got that 125 basis point and 150 basis points spread over todays values, what cap rates would be. And maybe a little bit less than that on the build-to-suits today, but I think pretty much on the medical office stuff. Its probably that in the 150 basis point range. Maybe a little bit less than that, maybe more than 100 basis points range on these industrial build-to-suits today.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie Research:  And can you remind us on your land beings, how much of that has been written down, and based on impaired values does it? How far are we from making that land being more viable for development?
Christie Kelly:  Ki Bin, Ill take the first part of that. We started back in 2009. If you remember, we took a significant impairment on our bills or held-for-sales property. And to that point, as were holding our land today, weve took probably a 33% write-down, and overall were looking at holding our land at $0.77 on the $1. And where we are right now, weve got $0.5 billion that were holding for development going forward split 70% towards industrial and 30% towards office in alignment with our strategy.
Dennis D. Oklak:  That land is really where were starting those spec industrial projects and the spec office project that we started down in Houston, and then also a lot of our build-to-suit activities occurring on that land too.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie Research:  Okay.
Christie Kelly: Thats right.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie Research: So, on the remaining portion on land, I know its kind of a tough question. But on average, within industrial piece first because I guess is most of it from a market rent standpoint, how far are we from hitting that hurdle rate?
Dennis D. Oklak:  Well, I would say, again, there is two pieces of land. What Christie mentioned was the stuff that we just decided we werent going to develop and were not holding for sale and we did impair that. And I would say, almost three years now since we did that we probably sold about 20% to 25% of that land at basically right at or a little above the impaired value. Then the rest of that land, which is in the neighborhood of $0.5 billion, I would tell you that for the most part todays rental rates could probably support development on there. The real issue is demand. There is still just not enough demand in most of these markets for us to feel comfortable starting a spec development, because its just going to take too long to fill it. So, I dont think were that far off on the land as far as rental rates. Again, I think its just whats really going on in the markets.
Christie Kelly: Yeah.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie Research: All right. Thank you.
Christie Kelly: Thank you, Ki Bin.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well go to the line of John Stewart with Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: Thank you. Denny, what stabilize cap rate do you think you could achieve on the both distribution building and Chino if you were to sell that today?
Dennis D. Oklak: Probably, somewhere around 5, 5.25.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: Okay. And Christie, sorry to belabor the point, I wasnt quite sure, I wanted to make sure that I understood exactly what you were saying about the land, and I guess for starters on the $500 million that you do intend to build on, did you say that you are carrying that at  so youve taken at 30% impairment on that land or the write-down was only on the non-core land?
Christie Kelly: Non-core land, John.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: Okay. And I thought, I heard you say that the 70/30 split was 70% industrial and 30% office did you  I presume in medical office?
Christie Kelly: No, its office, not medical John.
Dennis D. Oklak: Yeah, John we really dont have any land to speak of on medical office. Thats almost always built on the hospital campuses with the long-term land lease. Again, the office land that we still own, I would say a couple of things on that. We still have land in the markets where we have office, places like South Florida and Raleigh, and some parcels in some of our Midwest offices like Indianapolis. We also have some land that we talked about last year left in those markets where we sold basically all of the assets to Blackstone. And so, at this point in time, our plan is to develop that when it makes sense, but its pretty much all build-to-suit activity. And just again as an example, we had a parcel land, we sold all the Atlanta assets to Blackstone, but we had a parcel land up in North Atlanta, up in Gwinnett County and we are doing the Primerica build-to-suit on that.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: Got it, okay. And then how much  whats the annualized NOI from the retail holdings?
Dennis D. Oklak: Mark has got
Christie Kelly: Yeah, I think weve got that in
Dennis D. Oklak: Its not a huge piece right now. If you look at year-to-date, our total was about $5.5 million for the first six months.
Mark A. Denien: For the quarter, its about $5.5 million.
Dennis D. Oklak: Im sorry, for the quarter. So, about $5.5 million for the quarter, so its about $20 million to $25 million, John.
Christie Kelly: Thats perfect.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: Okay, yeah that makes sense. And then lastly, just a housekeeping question, Christie, was the lease termination fee in the same store results for the quarter?
Christie Kelly: No, it wasnt, John.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: Okay, thank you.
Christie Kelly: Youre welcome.
Operator:  And we have a follow-up from the line Joshua Attie with Citi. Please go ahead.
Christie Kelly: Hey, Josh. 
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup: Can you hear me?
Christie Kelly: Yeah, go ahead.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup: Perfect. Thats Michael Bilerman. I had my phone on mute.
Christie Kelly: Hi, Mike.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup: On Page 28, just the development pipeline, so out of that $460 million of projected costs, how much capitalized G&A and capitalized interest is embedded into that cost?
Dennis D. Oklak: Its a little hard to say, because its all over the board project-by-project. But I would tell you capitalized G&A, its roughly in line with fees that we pay to outside providers. So, typically if you were to assume in there 3% development fee and 2% or 3% construction, management fee, so 5% or 6%. Thats roughly the kind of overhead, maybe a little bit less than that. And then interest, that just depends on the length of the project. So, I dont think there is any rule of thumb on the interest capitalization, but I would say as far as the operating overhead, probably 5%.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup: And thats 5% of development cost, not of revenues, correct?
Dennis D. Oklak: Thats right, 5% of project cost.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup: So thats probably between the two, this yield is being depressed upwards to probably 50 basis points, 60 basis points from the capitalization of those costs.
Dennis D. Oklak: Yeah, I suppose. I dont think we ever look at it that way, because those are true part of the project costs, but youre right, yeah.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup: And then, Christie, I think you said the G&A, youre going to start capitalizing more. Can you just give us a sense of how much G&A has been capitalized year-to-date? And then how much you expect for the full-year, just as we start to  obviously this is affecting FFO and obviously affects the yield on the development pipeline?
Christie Kelly: Yeah, I think the way I look at that, Michael, is if you look at our guidance of G&A, and there were just some comments as it relates to the quarter being a little bit higher. What I was just trying to articulate is the fact that its really gets down to timing, and timing of the development starts that we announced together with looking at the lease up. And when you look at the overall range that we gave for the year being between $43 million and $38 million, were really comfortable with that G&A. And well be right at the mid-point to maybe even a little bit better, depending on how the developments unwind here throughout the second half of the year, which has got some nice momentum on it.
Dennis D. Oklak: I dont have in front of me exactly what the dollar amount of what weve capitalized so far this year. But again, I would say for mostly on the construction development side, its roughly 5% of our volume that we have during the year...
Christie Kelly: Thats good, when you look at it.
Dennis D. Oklak: Just to put it in perspective, well probably have 500, maybe a little bit more of construction volume this year. And then there is some related to the leasing fees that we have. That number is a little harder to pinpoint, but its just based on leasing volume and again sort of probably kind of a 50% of what market leasing commissions would be is what we capitalized there. So, hopefully that helps.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup:  And then just on the Chino project. Whats the development cost on that?
Dennis D. Oklak:  I think its about $25 million or something like that of the total project cost on that project, yeah $25 million.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup:  Okay. And so you were saying that the development the 7.4% goes to 7.9% excluding it. How does that work or did I not hear youre right?
Dennis D. Oklak:  Say that again.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup:  I thought we had heard that you said the development pipeline, excluding Chino would move up 7.9% relative to the 7.4%, but that just seems way too big of a spread for us?
Dennis D. Oklak:  No. I said the 7.9% was sort of our average yield over the leased term.
Christie Kelly: Yeah.
Dennis D. Oklak: And they were basically 100% leased high credit tenants and on a long-term leases. So that excludes Chino altogether.
Christie Kelly:  Yeah, and I want to circle back on that comment really quickly, which might help with some of this in perspective. I just want to  just roll back the clock to 09 when we really started to articulate the asset strategy. Since then weve invested over $2.5 billion in our business. And in terms of those investment dollars, about 30% of those investment dollars have gone towards over 90% leased product, quality product with high credit tenants, and 70% of those dollars have been allocated towards developments both build-to-suit and spec, as well as opportunities where weve got lease up in the acquisitions that weve done like Premier.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup:  The 7.9% reference is what the $416 million of developments on Page 28, excluding Chino?
Dennis D. Oklak:  No, no, the $102 million that we started this quarter excluding Chino on a GAAP basis.
Mark A. Denien:  So the 7.4% on Page 28, is a cash basis for a whole pipeline. The 7.9% is the GAAP basis on the second quarter start excluding Chino.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup:  So, even though that has protected stabilized yield, thats projected stabilized yield  cash yield?
Dennis D. Oklak:  Cash on year one, year-end.
Mark A. Denien:  Other 19.25 is the GAAP yield over the turnover lease.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup:  Got it, got it. Just last question just on the $261 million of acquisitions year-to-date that a 5.6  at a 6.6 cap rate. The rents are about $5, theyre obviously 96% leased. What are market rents? What is the average lease duration for those assets?
Dennis D. Oklak:  For the acquisitions?
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup:  Yeah, just looking at this on Page 30, right you did $261 million in terms of the total dollars youve to put into them and them 6.6 yield that works out to about $5 gross rent and that rent or net rent 96% occupied. Im just trying to get a sense of what the lease duration is of that and where market rents are for that space?
Dennis D. Oklak:  Well, I dont have that exact number in front of me, but Ill tell you that I think roughly thats probably a  its a longer term average lease term based on the kind of assets were buying so its probably six or seven years.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup:  You think that net rent is at or below or above market?
Dennis D. Oklak:  I would say pretty much at, but again, they all have annual ramp ups.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  And well go to the line of Jason Jones with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Jason Jones  Wells Fargo Securities: Hey, guys. I was just looking for a quick update on where you stand on your  just thoughts on your current balance sheet metrics and where you see those kind of trending over time?
Christie Kelly:  Sure Jason, this is Christie. Just to talk a little bit about the balance sheet metrics. As it relates to overall leverage, we ended June at about 48% effective leverage, and were driving over the long-term portion of our strategy to move that to 45%. It was up a little bit here in the first quarter just because we took advantage of the market on the $300 million unsecured offering that we did. And specifically as it relates to coverage, we ended the quarter at 1.81 times fixed charge coverage, and over the long-term, were driving that coverage ratio above 2, and then well be driving that further as we drive into the end of 2013. And then looking at debt plus preferred to EBITDA, we ended June at a little over 8, tick over 8. And weve been really looking to take down our more expensive preferred and well be doing so in February on the [odes] that are out there and well be looking to drive our debt plus preferred to EBITDA to below 7.75, here in the long-term over our capital strategy, so nice progress, strengthening balance sheet, and we remain focused on it.
Jason Jones  Wells Fargo Securities: Great, thanks.
Christie Kelly: Thanks, Jason.
Operator:  And we have no further questions.
Dennis D. Oklak:  Id like to thank everyone for joining the call today. Our third quarter earrings call is tentatively scheduled for November 1. Thanks again everyone.
Operator:  And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 15:00:00) =====
Executives: Ron Hubbard  Investor Relations Denny Oklak  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Christie Kelly  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mark Denien  Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Josh Attie  Citi James Feldman  Bank of America Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets Blaine Heck  Wells Fargo John Stewart  Green Street Advisors Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Duke Realty Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode and then later well have a quarter-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) And as a reminder, the conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to our host Mr. Ron Hubbard. Please go ahead sir.
Ron Hubbard  Investor Relations: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Denny Oklak, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Christie Kelly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Denien, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we make our prepared remarks, let me remind you that statements we make today are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. For more information about those risk factors, we would refer you to our December 31, 2011 10-K that we have on file with the SEC. Now, for our prepared statement, Ill turn it over to Denny Oklak.
Denny Oklak  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ron. Good afternoon, everyone. Today, I will highlight some of our key accomplishments during the quarter in both our operational and asset strategies. Christie will then address our first quarter financial performance and progress on our capital strategy. Then Ill finish up with our prepared remarks with some comments about our outlook for the remainder of 2012. By all accounts, the first quarter was a great success for Duke Reality and I am very proud of our team for their accomplishments. We signed over 8.7 million square feet of leases in the first quarter, the highest quarterly total in 5 years. We have positive net absorption during the quarter of nearly 3.7 million square feet, which rivals our annual net absorption for both 2010 and 2011. We increased our overall occupancy by 144 basis points to 92.11%, which believe it or not, is our highest level of overall occupancy since the first quarter of 1997. We started development of a $121 million of 100% long-term lease industrial and medical office projects, which will have an average initial stabilize yield of 7.05%. We completed $157 million and $65 million of strategic acquisitions and dispositions respectively. We made continued progress on our asset repositioning strategy. And finally, we issued a $147 million of new common equity and redeemed a $168 million of our preferred shares reducing our overall leverage in accordance with our capital strategy.  From the macro perspective, weve been pleasantly surprised with the momentum in economic and consumer and business sentiment, which appears to be improving the confidence in our customers to execute new, renewal, or expansion lease decisions as well as execute construction and development transactions. Absorption and occupancies continued to trend up in bulk industrial and medical office, but suburban office continues to tread water with the recovery still a number of quarters in the distance. We are hopeful that the steady economic up tick will continue. They will give us still elevated macroeconomic and geopolitical risk in the Europe and the Middle East. And given the looming political showdown here in the U.S. this fall, we know there are still continued risks to our business. Fortunately, the execution of our asset and capital strategies the last few years have placed Duke Realty in a strong position for future growth as well as being better able to weather volatility from occasional macroeconomic shocks. We also renewed 84% of our leases during the quarter and attained an overall rental rate growth on these renewals of 1.8%. We achieved positive same property NOI for the three and 12 months ended March 31, a 4.7% and 3.6% respectively. Other than retail all product type.
Operator: Mr. Hubbard, this is the operator, were not hearing you speak at this time sir. There you go. Okay, we can hear you now.
Denny Oklak  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The national industrial market continues to slow improvement with demand drivers improving on all fronts. Early indication show first quarter vacancy levels decline to another 10 basis points or so down 20% to 30%, 30 basis points in some of our key markets such as Atlanta and Indianapolis. Rental rate growth is relatively flat nationwide, but some pricing power has returned in select markets. Another recent data point is that the Georgia Port Authority hit an all time cargo tonnage record in March growing at significant 8% over the same period a year ago, which we expect to bode well for our dominant position in Savannah. With respect to leasing, in our in-service portfolio we completed over 2.8 million square feet of new industrial leases and approximately 3 million square feet of renewal leases, including new leases, on development build-to- suits, our industrial leases totaled over 7.4 million square feet, a record industrial leasing quarter for the company. This leasing activity increased our overall industrial occupancy to 93.6% at March 31. Some of our larger lease deals included the signing of a new deal to back sort of 1.1 million square foot distribution center in Atlanta, that was vacated at year-end. The tenant is Carters, a major childrens clothing retailer who used the facility for their growing Internet sales distribution. This was a great transaction for us as the space was only vacant for three months. The rental rate on this deal was very competitive, but we get nice rent increases and our tenant retrofit cost to backfill this space for 11 years was very low at under $2 per square foot. We also signed leases totaling almost 1.4 million square feet on two build-to-suit development project, which Ill discuss shortly. Finally, we executed an expansion in renewal industrial lease totaling 321,000 square feet with Ashland Chemical, a Fortune 500 company at our World Park complex in Cincinnati. The office leasing environment continues to be challenging as expected. Occupancy levels continue to be in the 85% to 86% range as they have been for the last year. Total office leasing for the quarter was 1.1 million square feet with average renewal rents growing just 0.5%. We did sign a sizable expansion and renewal in Washington D.C. with a major tenant Citor in our building in the Westfields. On the medical office front, leasing activity and development opportunities continue to gain traction. Our medical office portfolio occupancy increased by 115 basis points from year end to 90.1% and we started one new development projects, which will  Ill cover in a minute. Healthcare providers appear to be gaining more confidence in their growth prospects and are pulling the trigger on expansion plans. We have a solid backlog of leasing and development prospects for the remainder of 2012. We also made good progress on our asset strategy during the quarter. We acquired $157 million of properties. These acquisitions included a two building, 1 million square foot bulk industrial portfolio in Columbus, Ohio that is 86% leased to three tenants. We also acquired an 827,000 square foot bulk industrial facility in Chicago that is 100% leased to Crate & Barrel. The rest of the acquisition activity was in medical office. We acquired a portfolio of three medical office buildings in Cincinnati from an existing customer. The buildings totaled a 109,000 square feet and are 100% leased for 15 years to Bethesda North Hospital. We also acquired a 105,000 square foot medical office building in Chicago that is 100% leased for 19 years to Loyola University Medical Center. Disposition activity was relatively light this quarter with $65.3 million sold of which 46.2 million was from seven suburban office assets, which were only 81% leased and $17.5 million from six non-strategic mostly flex industrial assets in the rest from land. The non-core suburban office industrial dispositions comprised approximately 458,000 and 735,000 square feet respectively and had a weighted average age of over 21 years. Now, turning to development, I am pleased to report that our development starts this quarter, are off to the strongest start in several years. A testament to what we believe is a best-in-class development platform. We began 1.5 million square feet of 100% pre-lease industrial and medical projects consistent with our asset and operating strategy. In total, at the end of the quarter we have 2.4 million square feet across nine projects underway that are over 96% pre-leased in the aggregate. During the quarter, one new industrial development was started in Middletown, Delaware, totaling just over 1 million square feet, which is a 100% pre-leased for 12 years. One new medical office development was also started, a 117,000 square foot facility in Tampa which is a 100% leased to the VA for 20 years. And we started a 375,000 square foot industrial project in Indianapolis that is 100% pre-leased to a global manufacturing company Regal Beloit for 10 years. Im also pleased to report that in April we executed another 100% lease new medical office building in Central Texas with an estimated project cost of just over $43 million. We also have a solid backlog of industrial build suite and medical office development opportunities, which were working on. Were also planning to move forward on a 421,000 square foot speculative industrial building on the site that we own in Chino, California. This project is in the Inland Empire West submarket where the occupancy rate is over 93% and there is very little land to develop. As weve alluded to you on the previous call, this is one of the first markets that would make sense to develop speculatively. Were also considering other markets for speculative bulk development, but those starts were likely be very limited for the rest of this year. So, as I said, from an operational perspective, the first quarter was an excellent quarter. And now Ill turn our call over to Christie to discuss our financial results for the quarter.
Christie Kelly  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Denny. Good afternoon, everyone. As Denny mentioned, Id like to provide an update on our first quarter financial performance as well as progress on our capital strategy. Our first quarter 2012 Core FFO was $0.24 per share. The decrease in Core FFO per share from the fourth quarter of 2011 was expected and was reflected in our 2012 guidance and result from Blackstone sale transaction, which closed in December and reduction in third party construction income as a result of the substantial completion of the BRAC third party construction project in 2011, which was also anticipated. For the quarter, we generated $0.20 per share in AFFO, which translates into a dividend payout ratio of 85%. AFFO for the quarter was equal to the fourth quarter of 2011, also $0.20 per share and up from the $0.19 per share recorded in the first quarter of 2011. As weve communicated previously, our asset repositioning strategy is not expected to be dilutive on an AFFO per share basis, because were reducing our overall investment in the CapEx intensive suburban office property. Were bearing this out with quarter-to-quarter equal AFFO even with billion dollar sales (indiscernible). Overall, we are pleased with our operating results for the quarter and the momentum were heading into the rest of the year. With regard to the execution of our capital strategy, we executed 10.8 million shares of common stock pursuant to our previously disclosed ATM program at an average price of $13.93 which generated net proceeds of $147 million during the quarter. Given the strong acquisition activity, the increasing funding needs for the development pipeline and our commitment to our de-levering, we thought it was an opportunistic time to dribble a moderate amount of equity into the market. As youre aware, the ATM is highly efficient and cost effective and can be well matched with the size and timing of funding with the nature of our investment. Going forward, we will renew the ATM at approximately the same level and again intend to use it opportunistically as our business warrants. We also generated $65.3 million in proceeds for non-strategic asset dispositions during the quarter. We also effectively utilized the remaining proceeds from the Blackstone transaction in accordance with the strategy weve laid out for the announcement of that sale. On March 5, 2012, we redeemed our $168 million of 6.95% Series M Preferred Shares, which result in the $2.9 million ongoing quarterly reduction to preferred dividend. In addition to funding the redemption of the Series M Preferred Shares, we also utilized our available cash to complete $157 million in acquisitions as well as to fund our continued development activity. At the end of the quarter, we had no borrowings outstanding on our line of credit and $15 million of cash available with manageable debt maturities for the remainder of the year totaling $373 million. I will conclude by saying that Im very happy with our progress in the first quarter, as we continue to execute in all assets of our strategy. And with that, Ill turn it back over to Den.
Mark Denien  Chief Accounting Officer: Thanks, Christie. Yesterday, we also reaffirmed our guidance for FFO per share of $0.94 to a $1.06 for all of 2012. There are number of moving pieces as a result of all of our activity, but the suffice it to say that our subtle leasing activity in the first quarter is providing positive momentum, but we still have a long way to go to finish the year. We remain comfortable with the range of estimates for our key operating metrics we provided to you in January, but we do believe we will be near the high-end of our average occupancy because of our strong start and the fact that we have only 5% of our leases expiring during the remainder of the year. So, we are really, really pleased with our start to 2012. We see some signs of the positive momentum is carry over into the second quarter which gives us a general outlook that 2012 will be another great year for us. Thanks again for your support to Duke Realty and now we will open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question from the line of Josh Attie with Citi. Your line is open.
Josh Attie  Citi: Thanks. Good afternoon. Could you talk about some of the yields that you are getting on the development projects and can you talk separately about industrial versus medical office?
Denny Oklak: Sure, Josh. Again when you look at the kind of development projects that were doing right now, these are basically build-to-suit projects that weve started so far. They all have long-term leases. I think the shortest lease term we did with a new development this quarter was a 12-year lease. So, there isnt at this point in time, its a little hard to say whether there is much variance between the industrial and medical office. Again these are a big bulk warehouse buildings of credit tenants long-term leases and then medical office buildings are on-campus facilities, hospital taking basically a 100% of the space. So, the going in yields are really pretty comparable right now.  And as I mentioned on the call, what we always call our initial stabilized yield, so its basically our initial yield on these kind of build-to-suit, was just over 7%, but also in all of these projects we get annual rent increases for over the term of the lease. So, if you look at our average rents over the term of the lease its probably closer to being in the 8.25% to 8.5% range. And thats really what were seeing on the build-to-suit type today.
Josh Attie  Citi: And for the speculative projects that you mentioned in California, what kind of yield would you expect to get on that?
Denny Oklak: Well, I would tell you that todays market rates out in Southern California, the yield on that project would be kind of in the low 7s  high 6s, low 7s, which is still a pretty good spread over what things are trading for out there today.
Josh Attie  Citi: And the pipeline today is around $350 million worth. I guess what is the backlog of projects looks like and as you look out 12 months at the end of the year, do you see the pipeline being substantially larger than this today?
Denny Oklak: Well. Again I think our guidance for this year was sort of in the $200 million to $300 million of starts range and again, we are off to a great start in my opinion because we signed about $120 million in the first quarter and as I mentioned, we have signed another medical office building of about $43 million here in April. So, were at $160 million through the first four months against that $200 million to $300 million. So, we feel pretty good. There is a backlog at both the build-to-suit industrial and the medical office. I would tell you right now that backlog you can use a lot of different kind of projects. So, I had to take a put a number on it because of probability of execution varies quite a bit, but I do think the medical office backlog is a little bit bigger than the bulk industrial backlog today. But again, I think with the start were at this year, I think were very comfortable being in that range and hopefully closer to the top end of that range and development start this year. And as far as looking ahead, I think things continue to improve in the economy, albeit very slowly like they are today. We would expect that pipeline to hold up and maybe grow a little bit. Really, what we think in a normal environment for our business model. Today, we think the development if you have a economy thats kind of hitting on all cylinders, that debt development starts for us can be in the $400 million to $500 million range.
Josh Attie  Citi: And as you didnt do a capital to fund that, if the development pipeline would increase in other $200 million. Does that necessitate more equity to fund that in order to keep the leverage mutual? Is that the way we should think about it funding for growth?
Denny Oklak: Yeah, thats the way you should think about it. Were certainly not going to increase our leverage profile as we go forward to grow.
Josh Attie  Citi: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of James Feldman with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
James Feldman  Bank of America:  Thank you. I guess along similar lines, you have 620 million of land in the balance sheet. Can you talk a little bit about where that land is located and how it aligns with may be where you see the opportunity for development especially spec development?
Denny Oklak: Sure, Jamie. About 120 million of that is really in the portfolio that we have designated for sale and I guess about 2.5 going on three years now. Thats the land that we have picked impaired. And were working through the sale on that, we had couple of sales in the first quarter. Weve got  our backlog on the sale of land is probably a little bit higher than its been for a while. Weve got a few transactions in process. So, I think well make some nice progress on disposing of that land, some more of that land before the end of the year. Then, theres about 500 million of land on the development side, 70% of that is bulk industrial land and its really located across the markets. There is a quite  there is a fair amount in lot of our Midwest cities where weve had land for a long time and its relatively inexpensive to carry in scheme of things, but we have  we basically have bulk industrial land in almost all of our markets and again we will look at opportunities when the time is right to start speculative projects on some of that land. But again were also casing build-to-suits  build-to-suit and we signed here in Indianapolis in the first quarter was on land that we owned and then we have about 30% of that land is still some office land and its really again also spread around the country. For the most part, were marketing that land to do build-to-suit developments on. As you could imagine, they are just aren't a lot of build-to-suit developments. We signed a big one last year with Primerica, which is on our land down in Atlanta, but there was not a lot going on there, but we will work our way through that office land also.
James Feldman  Bank of America: Okay. So, the 70% thats bulk industrial, how much of that would you say is kind of Main & Main where you would want to actually start construction? I guess I am getting like in the Inland Empire anywhere else you build spec, you think you will need to take down land to get started?
Denny Oklak: To buy additional land to get started is that what you are saying?
James Feldman  Bank of America: When you announced Inland Empire was that a land you owned or you have to buy the land?
Denny Oklak: Its our land, we own, yeah.
James Feldman  Bank of America: Okay. So that over the 70% that you said is bulk industrial. How much of that is well located where if you were to build in that market thats the land you would use?
Denny Oklak: All of it.
James Feldman  Bank of America: All of it. Okay.
Christie Kelly: We went through that  over the past couple of years Jamie since we refined our strategy in '09 which is how we ended up with the buckets of port sales and held and we view that to be Main & Main.
Denny Oklak: And anything we didnt believe we were going to develop, we moved over into that for sale bucket and we continue to monitor that.
James Feldman  Bank of America: Okay. So its safe to assume if you guys do additional spec you wont need to take down rent?
Denny Oklak: Thats right.
Christie Kelly:  At 80%.
James Feldman  Bank of America:  Okay. And then can you just give us a little bit more color about the pipeline of demand both on warehouse and suburban office kind of what do you expect for the remainder of the year in terms of conversations you are having on the leasing side? 
Denny Oklak: Starting with the industrial side, we are up to 93.6% leased now, which is starting to get back into the range of closer to where we think that stabilized portfolio would run. In a normal environment again I think wed run at 95%, 96% there. So I still think that business is pretty good. The demand seems pretty solid there. So, hopefully we continue to make progress on that 93.6% and get it up into the 94% range before the end of the year, and I think there is a good possibility if everything stays fairly stable. The suburban office business again as I said in our remarks, Im just not sure whats going  when thats going to turn around. I think we know whats going to drive it, which is going to be some increasing employment and people starting to hire again, but its still really pretty hard to say when thats going to happen and I dont hold out any high hopes that we are going to increase that occupancy very significantly during the rest of the year.
Christie Kelly:  I think the only other point that Id add to what Denny just said Jamie is that, part of the running in place on the offices clearly given whats happening overall in the sense of macroeconomic environment, but the other thing too, its a bit of a sell for selling process with us as well because as our team works to lease up the office portfolio to the extent that those properties are located and are part of our more non-strategic disposition list as outlined in our asset strategy, as we meet unless were selling to make sure that we get appropriate value.
James Feldman  Bank of America:  Okay. Alright, thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Paul Adornato with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets: Hi, thanks good afternoon. Denny could you talk a little bit about the competitive environment for both distribution development as well as medical office development is it  has competition really returned to the development sector?
Denny Oklak: Yes. I think there is lot of competition on both sides. I will talk about each one specifically. I think on the bulk industrial, obviously there is still a lot of developers and Id say both on the public and private side and you know who they are that are chasing the build  the industrial build-to-suits that are out there today. Maybe there is not quite as many competitors as there was towards the end of the last cycle, but there is still enough that pretty much all of the projects are competitive and they are all competitively fair than I think that grows across all the markets. So I would say every industrial project were bidding on has at least two or three developers usually more or like three to five developers bidding on a project.  And then on the medical office side, again its generally competitive, but the medical office side can also be driven more by the hospital system relationships that we have. So, again just as an example there, we bought those street buildings in Cincinnati from the TriHealth system down there and weve got a long relationship with them. And I think there is opportunity to do development with that system, because were really their real estate partner now. Those are not necessarily competitively bid, but everybody knows what the market is. So, our pricing has to be competitive to get it even with that relationship. And I guess one other thing Id say on the industrial side is again going back to really Jamies question, a lot of time its driven by the land parcels in the location of the land. So, again as I said, weve got rate industrial land in all our market. So, that helps us get some of those deals.
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And Im looking at the hurdle rate to start-up development project. Has that hurdle rate changed? Does the cost of capital has changed or is that an absolute level?
Denny Oklak: Well, I think we held it pretty consistent, but for the most part, our hurdle rates are going to be clearly different, clearly significantly different for like specular project versus build-to-suits. Well certainly be more aggressive on build-to-suit projects, good solid industrial or medical office buildings that are pre-leased. Were going to be pretty aggressive on those and as I mentioned that was really what all of our starts were in the first quarter. So, and sort of a 7% starting rental yield on those. On specular projects with the exception of Southern California, there is  youre going to see higher starting or stabilized yields than what youre seeing when were in the build-to-suit business. Is that answered your question? Paul.
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets: Yes, it does. Thank you.
Denny Oklak: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie:  Thanks. If I could could you talk about your capital deployment activities. It seems like lot of the stuff that you bought this quarter were fully leased and lot of kind of Midwest capital markets and at the same time, your  it sounds like the one that youre buying and the one that youre selling as a most higher yielding assets and just curious whats the offside of buying assets that had 6 to 7 cap thats almost 100% leased?
Denny Oklak: Well these have long-term leases. They are stable. Theyve all got well rate growth built into them both on the industrial side and on the medical office side. Basically on all these, those numbers youre seeing are really cash on cash yield thats going to grow because again your long-term leases and there is virtually no capital expenditures needed probably from anywhere from 5 to 10 years on these projects were buying. So, again they are certainly accretive over the shorter and longer term. What we have been focused on really hasnt changed from what weve been doing in the last couple of years. Were selling our older non-functional mostly office assets. We sold a few industrial assets this quarter, but there were some older flex buildings down in Cincinnati that had been on our chart list and were able to move those. But most of our older office buildings as I mentioned, they were only 80% leased and with an average age of over 20 years. So, the other thing that I would say is our cap rates, the way we code our cap rates is a stabilized yield and that stabilized yield that well code like on that 9.7 would assume that properties somewhere leased between 90% and 95%, while those properties may have not been at 90% to 95% leased for longtime. So, in place is probably closer to 8, 8.25 on those properties. But thats just the way weve always done those. Its as much of an art as a science on calculating cap rates on dispositions.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: I just want to clarify that point. So, when you close stabilized yields for  when you for acquisitions and development is based on a stabilized yield based on occupancy or is that offering cooperating straight line rent?
Denny Oklak: Yeah, thats based on occupancy, but it would also consider the cost to lease up the property  our estimated cost to lease up the property.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Why not you pursue  I mean youve shifted your portfolio in a pretty significant manner in the past year-and-a-half and I think lot of heavy lift has been done so, why not you limit more strategic in your acquisitions or dispositions  and piecing and try to top take more of the bids. I mean the pursue kind of an under lease acquisitions where are  not just buying fully stabilized assets where youre starting to get a straight yield for 10 years?
Christie Kelly: I just want to jump in there even because we have been assets just in terms of the specificity associated with the asset repositioning strategy since '09. So, I just want to remind everybody that we spent of that 20%, I mean call it 50% of that $1 billion in assets that we were proposing to leased up. Taking a look back and what we did in South Florida as a Dugan transaction, I mean just to start to rattle them off. So, we havent just combined stabilized assets. I know it seems like that as we become just even more later focused on specific markets that Denny want to be in for all the right reasons, but please dont forget about what weve done over two years here and moving a couple billion dollars.
Denny Oklak: Well, the only other thing I would say is I am not sure whats your version to stabilized assets that means, there is nothing wrong with them. Theyre really great assets as I said they are immediately accretive to AFFO growth going forward because got virtually no capital expenditures and you got relevant growth. So, youre kind of talking about them like thats a bad thing, but I dont think it is.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: And I guess Im looking at a on a relative basis to maybe more development or lease look like we have a much higher return even at the build-to-suit level and at the same time I think last time we spoke, you guys mentioned that you guys were pretty close to your deleveraging targets, yet you still issued the equity at 13.60 a share. I think thats probably low 7 cap rate and I was just kind of just combining everything together seems like is that the best use of capital?
Denny Oklak: What we actually issued a 39 a share. You guys all got to remember that every time we issue on that cost us some fees to do that.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Yeah.
Denny Oklak: As Christi mentioned, we  the ATM has a very efficient way to do that equity raise when you look at the fee side. So, again we used that strategically. I think it was a great time for us to use it in this quarter when you look at really mainly the development pipeline that were building. Weve got $350 million development pipeline and as Josh asked at the beginning and I reiterate you can expect us to see us fund that kind of growth through development in line with our capital structure today. So thats going to require roughly 50% common equity and thats what were going to do, because were not going to increase our leverage ratios.
Christie Kelly: And I think even to in putting together the ATM programs, we put that in place in February of 2010. We carried executing on it after two years from inception. And we said that we were going to use that program opportunistically. When we announced it, it was ties at $150 million which was expected to be at 6% to the total shares outstanding. There are 40 other entities who have issued ATMs since 2011 through year-to-date that we know, as of the end of February 2012. 50% of those have re-upped on their ATMs and theyve been larger. And in terms of overall execution of  as Dennis said, we issued at a (indiscernible) that was better than the average  weighted average price since inception, that was better than the weighted average price over the trailing 12 months, that was better than the weighted average price over the past six months and that was better than the market price over the past month and half that we executed. And if you take a look at the volume that we executed on, we were executing a 3% to 18% of the total volume that day, taking advantage of the volatility in the market. So, I think it was all first of all immaterial. We dont take issuing equity lightly, but 150 million shares given the size of our business and we used the proceeds I mean it had no effect.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Okay.
Denny Oklak: And I just want to add one other thing Ki Bin. Were talking about taking on more risk profile. I remind our folks all the time that we still have $10 million square feet of vacancy out there. And Ive got  there is plenty of risk left in that vacancy. We have lease explorations. Although, were in great shape this year, we always have lease expirations coming in at us. So, there is still plenty of risk in our business and Im focused on managing the overall risk. So, Im not really inclined to go buy properties that add significantly to that vacancy, because I think weve got enough right now.
Christie Kelly: And were still working on de-levering weve got goals out there as stated and we still got real work to do and were going to keep chipping away at it as weve communicated. So, were in good shape.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: So are you  before I had taken a lot of time but are you trying to re-up the ATM and what are your thoughts on future equity expenses and are you going to try to  and that will be tied to certain activities or?
Christie Kelly:  No, I think in my statement I did mention that we are going to re-up, because its a prudent thing to do, as I mentioned in other, 40 other REITs out there that are doing it. And we executed very effectively. So, yes and I think you would expect us to do that. And in terms of tying it to any one specific activity, no and I think our performance keeps for itself. We waited until it started to make sense over the past couple of years and I think we executed pretty well given the current operational profile and its complementing our asset strategy and we will keep doing that with minimum effect to our overall performance.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie:  Okay and just last quick question on your development page, on page 28 you guys have quoted your yields, productive yields part of being finished, so just a couple of quick questions one how do you account for land bases on those yields and second on page  to the page before why not just provide projected yields on stuff you have under construction?
Denny Oklak: Well number  your first question on 28. The land that are basis that we, which is basically our original costs because as we said we didnt really and we havent impaired in any of the development land. There is a big reason why we dont show each development yield on page 27 thats a competitive reason I dont necessarily want to show my competitors or our customers exactly what might yield is on any specific building thats why we dont show here.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie:  I guess Im in total, also, but okay. Thank you, Im done.
Christie Kelly:  Thanks, Steven.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Dave Rodgers with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets: Hey Denny. Given the industrial build-to-suit that you have announced it seems that large block demand continues to be fairly robust in the bulk industrial business, when you look down at maybe the 30,000, 40,000 square foot blocks have you seen any more positive traction there over the last three, six months and do you feel better about the direction of the smaller spaces in industrial?
Denny Oklak:  Yeah, I say definitely Dave when you think about it, think about some of those stats that we mentioned, with 7.4 million square feet of industrial leasing. And so, you take out a couple million square feet, one for the build-to-suit, one for the Carters deal. And then the only other one we really talked about that was large was that 300,000 square foot deal we did down in Cincinnati. So, the rest of those  you had 4 million, 5 million square feet, which were all smaller type deals. So, were talking under probably 200,000 square feet for the most part. So, that activity, thats pretty good for a quarter to have that much activity on the industrial leasing side in that size basis.
Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets:  Your effective rents in industrial I think in the first quarter, and maybe as a small sample size versus last year were down quite a bit. What were your cash leasing spread in the quarter? And was there a big mix shift from last year till the first quarter or was it just more aggressive pricing?
Denny Oklak:  That number is probably being driven by that deal at Atlanta, because it was such a big part of it. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have a pretty competitive rate on that deal. But we liked it, because we only have three months of downtime. We got the space built. We didnt spend much at all in a way of capital expenditures on that tenant, and we get nice rent bumps and its an 11 year lease. So, we have low CapEx. Weve spread that over 11 years, which is great. So, a lot of the metrics we use even though the initial rental rate was lower, we  that lease looks really good when you look at it. And then the other thing with that that I would  only thing I would add David is that tenant left in that space was side back at 2006 or 2007 and their rent was quite a bit higher. So, there was some roll down there. And I think a lot of times when you look at out those numbers David it just can really depend on the mix. If you got a lot of larger spaces in there, maybe those numbers are look little lower than they would have for smaller space.
Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets:  Maybe to ask it in a different way and I appreciate that color. How do you feel about rental rates in the bulk industrial portfolio from the market perspective versus 3, 6, 12 months ago?
Denny Oklak: Well. I think its getting better. I think its getting better because in all markets pretty much occupancy is going up and were starting to see in almost every bulk industrial market pretty solid occupancy. And as you mentioned I think you said in the beginning its really  there is a lot of these larger vacancies has been taken. But it still little bit difficult to get a lot of traction on rental rate growth because its still the demand is good, but its not  it still not necessarily booming out there. I think when you look at it, there has just been a handful of build-to-suits around the country really so far this year, that business is starting to pick up, but until we really see that and then see the demand pick up, its still pretty hard to get a lot of traction on rental rates. But I certainly think its headed in the right direction. I think its better than it was six or nine months ago.
Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Last just follow-up question for me, could you provide us a range and I know this will vary by market, but if possible, provide us a range of development and construction costs for each year three property types given kind of where the bulk of your land for new development is today?
Denny Oklak: Well that is kind of hard to do when youre looking  I would tell you, just to give you a range I think most Midwest markets are in $35 to $40 for bulk industrial, again depending on how big it is. If you look at Southern California its more like $70 a square foot and just trying to think where other in places like Atlanta and Dallas you get probably $40 to $45 per foot. On the medical office side, its really hard to say because these buildings vary pretty significantly among all those properties that we owned. And its not necessarily driven by geography, its  some of it is a little bit because  but not a lot because most of those are on land leases. So we just have long-term ground leases in the  the length of the ground rest is just the path, the tenant really pays it. So its just building cost and quite honestly those could range from in the low $200 a foot to up to close to $400 a foot depending on how the buildings built and what you have in it.
Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets: And is that with land?
Denny Oklak: No, thats without land because again theyre almost all in ground leases.
Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets: It would be industrial though Im sorry?
Denny Oklak: Yeah. That is also is with land, yes, sorry.
Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Blaine Heck with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Blaine Heck  Wells Fargo: Good afternoon. So looking at your same-store pool, it looks like occupancy decreased around 50 bps since Q4 and acknowledging thats not quite apples-to-apples sequentially, pretty big difference from the 140 debt increases on the total portfolio. Just wondering if you could give some color on reconciling the two of them?
Christie Kelly: Yeah, Blaine, I can take a jump in there for you. I saw that in the note the other night. Same store, I think you mentioned was about 50 or 60 bps in terms of the population for the quarter, thats correct. A couple of other things that we have going on in there, youve got in terms of the total  the total versus same-store, the same-store population measures the same property population thats been in effect for 24 months, total is everything and so youve got development starts in there, acquisitions, dispositions, which is about 15 to 20 basis points. And then youll also have the impact of other leasing such as the quarter lease that Denny mentioned, which is the other piece of area, which is not in the same-store population.
Blaine Heck  Wells Fargo: Okay. And then second question. If I take your quarter results from the first quarter $0.24 and kind of assume that the savings from the preferred redemption roughly offsets the dilution from the ATM issuance that puts you at pace to be around $0.96 for the year. Just wanted to get some color on what do you thought the earnings progression for the rest of the year was going to be like and kind of what needs to happen to hit the midpoint to upper end of guidance?
Denny Oklak: Well, I think the first quarter Ill say couple of things about. Its generally our lowest quarter because there are just different things that happened in the first quarter. There are some cyclicality to our service business. There are some things on the overhead side that just always get recorded in the first quarter rather than spread and its a timing difference. And then in this particular first quarter, we were still redeploying the proceeds from Blackstone transaction at the beginning of the year for really the first couple months of the year. So again obviously if we end up at the midpoint of our guidance, its going to have increase a little bit on a quarterly basis going through and again as weve said, we are comfortable with the guidance that we put out there so.
Blaine Heck  Wells Fargo: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We go to John Stewart with Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: Thank you. Danny, could you give us a sense for which markets aside from the Inland Empire you would be looking at spec development on bulk industrial?
Denny Oklak: Well, if you ask my guidance, I feel I have to tell you all of those, love to  try to build the spec one but  Im not quite sure. Id say I think weve had some guys are seriously look at them, I mean possibly Indianapolis, maybe in Dallas if it was a certain fit-fit, a certain profile. And Houston probably is one where you could justify some and again its certain submarkets there. In my opinion, John, it doesnt really go a whole lot deeper than that right now. And again I think I would probably include South Florida in that list, but we really dont have any developable industrial land in South Florida. Thats one of the reasons we really wanted and are so happy we got the premier portfolio last year, because we didnt really have any land to develop down there. So, I think South Florida though for peoples who have land available spec product is certainly a consideration there.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: Okay. And on the acquisitions for the quarter, had a pretty distinctly Midwest flavor. Is that a shift in the strategy at all or just a sample size?
Denny Oklak: Small sample size, I mean I think we got a really nice deal on those couple of buildings in Columbus. Clearly, Chicago is on our target list for bulk industrial, so well keep  youve seen us acquire through last year and into this year in Chicago and then again if you look at the medical office business again is really less geographic focused and more health system focused and with the tri-health system in Cincinnati and about the loyal system in Chicago where our acquisitions where this quarter, both very, very good healthcare systems.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: Okay. And I wanted to just come back for a moment to the capital allocation line of questioning, and certainly sympathetic to the desire to kind of reduce the risk profile and certainly continue to the reduce leverage particularly considering what weve all went through the past several years. But maybe if you could just help us understand quite a hurdle youre trying to beat and lets  maybe focus on acquisitions. Again understanding that there is some built-in rent growth, but just when youre buying fully leased at a relatively lower going end yield, whats the hurdle that youre looking to beat?
Denny Oklak: Well, I think were looking at those on the basis of are they accreted to us and
John Steward  Green Street Advisors: On what basis?
Denny Oklak: Im sorry.
Christie Kelly: AFFO.
Denny Oklak: Yep, to AFFO, are they accretive to us on an AFFO basis. And if they are, then and its good property and were executing on our asset strategy and were not doing any damage to our capital strategy that I think the acquisitions make sense. So, the issue though is the company our size its hard to notice the accretion when youre doing a $150 million in the quarter event. I mean, you dont see it for a while, but it will come into place, because once you get them, youre not going to see the accretion in the first quarter and then its going to happen some in the future quarters, then youre going to get more as rental rates grow. So, it just takes a while for that accretion that come into place to. Does that answer your question John?
John Steward  Green Street Advisors:  Well, I guess, ultimately, where do you peg your cost to capital?
Denny Oklak: Well, I mean there are a lot of different ways to calculate it. The way we normally look at it is our cost to debt on a 10-year basis, plus sort of our FFO yield on our stock price. And if you
Christie Kelly:  May be now its about 533.
Denny Oklak: Well, I would say higher than that, but
Christie Kelly:  50-50 leverage.
Denny Oklak: Yeah, its in the probably 5.5 to 6 the low 6 range today.
John Steward  Green Street Advisors: Okay. And then, lastly, just a housekeeping question look like same-store expenses were up quite a bit sequentially and I wouldnt have expected to see that much seasonality here, slowing the whole was anything that you can explain for us there?
Christie Kelly: I think they are down John.
John Steward  Green Street Advisors: Just looking from the fourth quarter supplemental to the first quarter it looked like same store expenses were up $5 million or so?
Denny Oklak: Its hard to do John because you got a different population every quarter.
Christie Kelly: Right.
John Steward  Green Street Advisors:  And maybe we can pull it offline but it didnt look like there is much of a change in terms of square footage or anything else, so happy to follow-up offline?
Denny Oklak: Okay. 
Christie Kelly: Good John.
John Steward  Green Street Advisors:  Thanks.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank: Hey, just a follow-up question on the same store NOI may be ask you a little bit differently. I mean it was a pretty strong result year-over-year this quarter. Was there anything seasonal in that in terms of the normal cost and should investors be looking for something in that upper forced range, guidance obviously is a lot lower than that for the full year?
Denny Oklak: No I think what your  it was higher this quarter again because as we said as we go through this year, we were building off a bigger base each quarter because we had nice same store growth throughout 2011 too. So we dont think the first quarter is indicative of where well end up for the full year and thats the guidance that we always give as for the full 12 months calendar year.
Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank:  Okay. But outside of increasingly difficult comparisons there is nothing else sort of seasonal in number this quarter? 
Denny Oklak: No, we always set the data, to have people look at quarterly numbers. So there can be something goes both ways within a quarter. But I dont think there is anything real specific in there today.
Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank:  Okay.
Operator: Thank you and I will turn it back to our speakers at this time.
Denny Oklak  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thanks everybody we appreciate being on that call and well talk to you again in next quarter. Thanks.
Christie Kelly  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-26 15:00:00) =====
Executives: Ron Hubbard  VP, IR Denny Oklak  Chairman and CEO Christie Kelly  EVP and CFO
Analysts: Josh Attie  Citi Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs John Stewart  Green Street Advisors Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets David Aubuchon  Robert W. Baird Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank Michael Bilerman  Citi
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Duke Realty Fourth Quarter and Year-End Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Id now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ron Hubbard. Please go ahead.
Ron Hubbard: Thank you, Cynthia. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Denny Oklak, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Christie Kelly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Denien, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we make our prepared remarks, let me remind you that statements we make today are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. For more information about those risk factors, we would refer you to our 10-K that we have on the file with the SEC dated February 25, 2011. Now, for our prepared statement, Ill turn it over to Denny Oklak.
Denny Oklak: Thank you, Ron. Good afternoon everyone. Today I will highlight some of our key accomplishments from our asset and operational strategies during the quarter and for the year, Christy will then address our financial performance and progress on our capital strategy. We will then share more details on our 2012 guidance. Our solid operational performance and significant progress in repositioning the composition of portfolio consistent with our strategic plan resulted in an outstanding year for Duke Realty. Ill first touch a little bit on the overall market conditions we are experiencing and how that is affecting our business. As the overall economy continues with this new normal recovery at slow growth rates, there continues to be a relatively modest demand for space across all product types, particularly suburban office. There has been virtually no new supply of space over the last few years, so even with only modest demand occupancies continue to increase particularly in the industrial space. The industrial sector continue to gain traction in the fourth quarter of 2011, initial data from the holidays retail season indicates a better than expected growth in sales, consumer spending continues to surprise on the upside, and there has been a choppy yet steady upward improvement in supply chain and trade indicators over the last year. Recently, data has shown relatively strong growth in intermodal traffic across the country and exports have ticked up as well. Both factors will help strengthen industrial demand if trends continue. As a result, barring any global macroeconomic shocks to economy our outlook is for continued (indiscernible) slowly improving demand for warehouse space in our market. Were still having numerous discussions about potential industrial build-to-suit development opportunities but our customers are slow to make commitments. We are hopeful that some of these discussions will turn into real deals as we move to 2012. The suburban office environment is still slow to recover as questions over the velocity of an economic recovery, business regulations, political uncertainty and overseas sovereign debt risk all still weigh heavily into labor and space decisions for our office tenants. Double digit vacancies persist across the entire suburban office segment and pricing power remains weak. The medical office outlook continues to be solid. Hospitals and health systems are showing signs of needing more medical space on and off campus in 2012 compared to the last couple of years. Physician practices continue to enjoin hospital system is driving demand for modern competitive space that is typically on campus of the high quality healthcare systems. This trend bodes well for us given our experienced highly regarded medical office real estate platform with deep health system relationships coupled with the strength of our development platform. We have a solid pipeline of medical office development opportunities in various stages of negotiations. With regard of rents landlords are still not commanding much if any pricing power across industrial and suburban office, so vacancies tightening for large Class A industrial space which should bode well for rental increases down the road. We, in fact did see some meaningful rent growth in our industrial product in the fourth quarter. As for the operating results for our portfolio overall occupancy was 90.7% at December 31st, relatively flat for the quarter, yet up a 160 basis points from the yearend 2010 occupancy of 89.1% We are pleased to able to maintain this occupancy level because as I mentioned on our last call, we have few large expirations in the fourth quarter including an 800,000 square foot industrial lease in Atlanta and actually expected a slight decrease in occupancy. Better than expected leasing partially offset these expirations, which combined with strong occupancy levels of our acquisitions helped us achieve our overall occupancy performance. Additionally, over the past two years weve improved in-service occupancy 327 basis points from 87.4% and 90.7%. We signed over 24.5 million square feet of leases in 2011 including 5.1 million square feet during the fourth quarter. We also achieved a lease renewal rate of 78.5% for the fourth quarter. Our team did an excellent job in keeping existing tenants and closing on new leases. Same property NOI for the 3 and 12 months ended December 31st was positive 4.7% and positive 3.2% respectively. Compared to original expectations, same store results were roughly 200 basis points ahead of our optimistic expectations primarily due to better than anticipated occupancy gains and our disposition of less productive assets. Let me touch on some of the key metrics or key results of each product type for the quarter. Our leasing activity was good in our industrial portfolio as we signed over 3.9 million square feet of leases and I'm pleased to report that our industrial portfolio remain nearly 92% leased at year end. Specifically, our Dallas industrial group completed 1.7 million square feet of leases during the quarter and 3.6 million square feet for the year improving occupancy by over 700 basis points at the end of 2010. Our Indianapolis industrial team completed 2.8 million square feet of leasing for the year including 900,000 square feet in the fourth quarter. Despite the challenging office sector fundamentals I previously mentioned, our team performed well in 2011 executing 5.3 million square feet of leases for the year and over one million square feet in the fourth quarter, holding occupancy at 85.6% from yearend 2010. Our medical office portfolio continues to produce strong results with over 600,000 square feet of leases signed during the year. This leasing activity coupled with our acquisitions and development successes, helped to improve our medical office occupancy by almost 500 basis points during the year to 89%. Furthermore, we have a positive acquisition and development momentum as we head into 2012. We couldnt be more pleased with progress we made under our asset strategy during the year and the full quarter. As you know our asset strategy is focused on the acquisition and development of high quality industrial and medical office assets in the reduction of our suburban office portfolio. In accordance with this strategy, we acquired 388 million of industrial and medical office assets totaling over 4.8 million square feet in the fourth quarter, bringing total executed acquisitions to 747 million for the year. On the disposition side, proceeds from fourth quarter dispositions were $1.1 billion and $1.6 billion for the year. We also started six new development projects during the year totaling 202 million of projected stabilized yields in the mid seven (ph) range. As you know we are focused on acquiring the highest quality industrial medical office assets and our closed acquisitions reflect that. In the fourth quarter we acquired 16 industrial assets and 11 medical office assets which are now all 100% leased. On the disposition front, we closed the major sale of our office portfolio to Blackstone. The transaction closed pretty much as reported to you last quarter. The closing of all these transactions in the fourth quarter had a major impact on our asset repositioning strategy. At yearend our portfolio mix stands at 54% industrial, 33% urban office, 9% medical office, and 4% retail. As you know our goals are to be 60% industrial, 25% suburban office, and 15% medical office. Over the last 24 months plus, we have moved both our office and industrial percentages nearly 20%. We made significant progress on our asset strategy well ahead of our timeframe of 2013. Just a couple of other points to make on the fourth quarter. We recorded an impairment charge of $12.9 million on our undeveloped land portfolio. This impairment was a result of a renewal of our land portfolio post completion of our Blackstone sale and these impairments were primarily on land in those markets. The second point is we recorded a severance charge of $3.4 million in the quarter. This charge is related to an overall reduction in our company staffing as a result of the Blackstone sale in our overall outlook for our needs in 2012. Id now turn the call over to Christie.
Christie Kelly: Thanks very much Denny and good afternoon everyone. Now, I would like to provide an update on our 2011 financial performance and progress on our capital strategy. Despite the challenges we faced given our cloudy domestic economic climate and the rippling effect of the European debt crisis, I am pleased to report that our fourth quarter and yearend 2011 core AFFO with $0.30 and $1.15 per share respectively. We had another strong quarter and finish to the year closing 2011 $0.01 ahead of consensus estimates for the quarter and at the high of our guidance for the year. As Dennis mentioned earlier, as a result of our strong leasing performance combined with a significant progress weve made on our asset reposition strategy, we were able to achieve 2.3% same property NOI growth. As you can imagine our team is focused on growing rents. Rents are holding and we are beginning to see some growth in rates. This metric is also helped by our asset repositioning strategy including the Blackstone sale. December was strong and we have a good level of activity heading into 2012. Bottom-line we delivered AFFO of $0.78 per share which represents a healthy 87% dividend payout ratio, and ended the year with a much better CapEx to net effective rent profile than in years passed. As a result of our asset strategy expectation again we are positioned favorably going into 2012 as planned. From a capital strategy perspective we completed a very successful year in which we raised over $1.6 billion from asset sales. We were moved from negative to stable liquidity (ph) as we demonstrated our ability to execute and further strengthen our balance sheet while working to improve coverage and leverage ratios. Specifically, we reduced unsecured debt by over $500 million and redeemed a $110 million of our preferred series and stock which carried a 7.25 rate all according to plan. We also further bolstered our liquidity by executing an early renewal of our $850 million unsecured revolving credit facility and increased the potential maximum facility size to $1.25 billion at significantly lower cost and extended the term for up to five years. We also used the proceeds from our capital raising activities to further increase our investment in quality industrial and medical office acquisitions as we planned, and we closed the year with over $210 million in cash. As we look forward to 2012 we have $354 million of debt maturity which we plan to repay through a combination of disposition proceeds and refinancing with long term unsecured debt. Additionally, we plan to redeem our preferred series M which carries a 6.95% coupon in alignment with our capital strategy objective. With that I will turn it back over to Dennis.
Dennis Oklak: Thanks Christie. Yesterday we announced a range for 2012 FFO per share with a midpoint of $1, and AFFO per share with a midpoint of $0.78. Last quarter, on our call, in our meeting with many of you at Mary (ph), we told you that the Blackstone transaction would be $0.10 to $0.12 dilutive to FFO per share and $0.02 to $0.03 dilutive to AFFO per share. Our FFO guidance is virtually in line with our prior communication, with the additional $0.02 to $0.03 representing a decrease in our service operations primarily related to the wrap-up of our large third-party project with BRAC and DC are partially offset by additional leasing activity. Our AFFO guidance, which you know is what we focused on, is actually slightly better than we communicated during the last quarter, essentially equal to 2011. This guidance really reflects what weve been saying for the past two years that our repositioning strategy would not be dilutive to us from an AFFO per share basis. Now, for a few specifics on some of the key performance metrics outlined in the 2012 range of estimates we provided on our website yesterday. Our average portfolio occupancy rates for 2012 is 89.5% to 92.5%. Lease expirations are relatively low this year at 7%. Our guidance, midpoint of 91% suggests we will continue to slowly improve our current occupancy levels consistent with forecasted slow growth in the U.S. economy. Same-property NOIs projected at a range of positive 2.5% growth to a negative 1.5% decline. We had excellent performance on same property in 2011, so we are building off a bigger base. We again assume modest occupancy and red grow in the core portfolio in 2012. On the capital recycling front, we project proceeds from building dispositions in the range of $200 million to $300 million, and proceeds from land dispositions of $20 million to $30 million. Again, our disposition program will focus on suburban office assets and also some of our remaining retail. Acquisitions are projected in the range of $300 million to $500 million. We remain selective and focused on high-quality industrial and medical office assets. Construction and development starts are projected in the range of $300 million to $500 million. These will be industrial built-to-suit and medical office buildings. Construction volume in the range of $400 million to $600 million, the primary reduction compared to 2011 relates to the BRAC project, which is expected to be fully complete in early 2012. G&A expenses in the range of $38 million to $43 million. We streamlined our overhead over the past years, and as I mentioned, recently reduced overhead pursuant to the lower service volume and Blackstone portfolio sales transaction. Once again, I would stress that we performed exceedingly well from an operational standpoint in 2011. Weve also executed our asset strategy by repositioning our portfolio in a major way in high quality bulk industrial assets and medical office properties with no dilution to our AFFO per share. I think you will all agree this has been an impressive performance by the Duke Realty team. Thank you again for your support in 2011 and for joining us here today. Now, we will open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi. Please go ahead.
Josh Attie  Citi: Hi, thanks its Josh Attie with Michael. Can you give us more detail on the fourth quarter acquisitions? I know you provided an aggregate stabilized yield of 6.7%. But, can you talk about the industrial and medical office yields separately in terms of yield and maybe price versus replacement cost?
Dennis Oklak: Sure Josh. Once again I think you really have  you do understand and I know that you all do the work on what our focus is there. Again this is new modern bulk facilities on the industrial side, focused in the key distribution markets. Our acquisitions in the fourth quarter were primarily in Chicago and Dallas with one again additional building out in Southern California thats part of a bigger package. These are all, as we said, fully leased primarily on long term leases, the high credit tenants. Therefore thats in the range, the cap rate range that weve disclosed. I would also say there is a huge difference in the cap rates on bulk industrial and the medical office just because of the type of prosperities were acquiring. On the medical office most of the acquisitions were in Texas in the fourth quarter, some in Houston, a couple of buildings in San Antonio with an expanding relationship with Christus Healthcare System, again all fully leased properties, long term leases, significant hospital credit on all of those properties.
Josh Attie  Citi: How competitive are you finding the acquisition market?
Dennis Oklak: Well, I think the acquisition market for those type of properties is still very competitive, but we were I think fortunate to be able to do some of these in a relatively off market way with our connections that we have obviously getting just within the whole industrial business, and then with our connections we have with the healthcare systems, we are able to do some of these in an off market way, and I would say probably 50% of what we did was in more off market type transaction. Just as an example, I mentioned Christus transaction. We did competitively bid a medical office building with them in San Antonio and we were the successful bidder. Then they came to us and asked us if we would like to acquire a portfolio of some properties down in Houston, in Katy, on one of their hospital campuses. So, we ended up acquiring three properties down in Katy at what I would consider a below market deal. We also acquired some medical office properties in Indiana with the St. Francis Healthcare System, we have an ongoing relationship with that was not a marketed deal. We acquired another medical office building in Indianapolis from St. Vincent which is part of the extension system. That was an on market deal. We are really using all of our resources to find the kind of deals we are looking for Josh.
Josh Attie  Citi: As you think about future acquisitions, how aggressively do you want to expand into some of the lower cap rate markets like southern California?
Dennis Oklak: Well, I think weve continued to say that we want to have a presence in the southern California market. But I think you know weve been very cautious and really moved very slowly there, weve only got two assets. Were going to continue to look at that market. Again, as we really convert us to be premier industrial REIT and focused on the bulk industrial, weve said we really believe we need to have a presence in the southern California market because a lot of our customers do business there. If you want to do business with those customers in southern California you need to have that presence. Again, we are not looking to go in there in a huge investment way, but we want to continue to have a presence and grow slowly over time as we see good opportunities for us.
Josh Attie  Citi: Okay, thank you very much.
Dennis Oklak: Thanks Josh.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Ross Nussbaum with UBS. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, its Gabe Hemohi (ph) with Ross. Just on the 2012 AFFO guidance, can you talk a little bit about expectations for leasing and a maintenance CapEx especially following the closing of the Blackstone sale?
Dennis Oklak: Sure. I think weve mentioned regularly as we talk about our re-positioning strategy, one of the reasons for repositioning out of the suburban office portfolio is that its very CapEx intensive. I think you can see that again we are really  as we now have much more industrial property, we would anticipate the capital expenditures, our second generation re-leasing capital expenditures, overall from a company point of view to go down very significantly in 2012. And by very significantly I think we can anticipate a decrease of 20% to 25% in the overall second generation capital expenditures that we have to make as a company. Once again when you think about that I believe that our guidance really supports that. As we said the repositioning would be dilutive on an FFO basis, but virtually non-dilutive flat to even maybe accretive on an AFFO basis because of the reduction in these capital expenditures.
Unidentified Analyst: And Christie, I'm not sure if I heard this correctly, but on the preferred redemption, is that still expected to get done or is that no longer on the table.
Christie Kelly: It is still expected to get done.
Unidentified Analyst: I think Ross maybe had a follow-up to go.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Yeah, hi guys, I have got two follow-ups for you. The first is with respect to your same-store NOI growth guidance for 2012. Could you break out what the same store revenue and same store expense expectations are?
Dennis Oklak: You know, we dont have that actually in front of us Ross, but I think if you look at the statistics in the fourth quarter results, again that portfolio that is showing up in our supplemental package now in the fourth quarter is really post the Blackstone sale. So in another words, those properties are out because they were sold before the end of the quarter. I think if you look at the relative ratio of revenue and expense growth that we were showing in the fourth quarter I think it would be similar to that, but we can follow-up also and get you that information.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Yeah, I appreciate it. Only because when I look at it, the fourth quarter numbers in particular, the expense growth trend for the industrial portfolio is only up 1.3% for office. It was actually down year-over-year 1.9 and those dont look to me to be  they help you in 2011, my guess is they are not going to be as helpful in 2012 in getting to the bottom-line in a line number. Is that a fair guess?
Dennis Oklak: Well, I think it gets to be more complicated than that because you have to look at  if you look at the industrial business  most of the tenants pay their expenses directly. There is just not a lot of expenses there, and you know the modest growth makes total sense to me. On the office side again I think you have to look at kind of the combination of expenses, but again a lot of that get to pass through, so you see some things in the expense sign that also really have an effect in the revenue side. In other words expenses are going down, and I dont have an answer for you immediately as why our fourth quarter expenses went down a little bit. That means our revenue went down, because we didnt bill those back to the tenants. I think it really has a corresponding effect, and through this we internally here dont pay a whole lot of attention to the components. We disclose that because you all like to look at them, but we dont really pay a lot of attention because we are looking at the net bottom line result.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Okay, second question. I dont know if I missed this. Did you comment on what your releasing spreads expectations are particularly for the bulk industrial portfolio this year?
Dennis Oklak: I dont think that I did mention that. But I think when you look  I think in some of the comments in our prepared statement, we are not looking for huge run rate growth heading into 2012. I think weve done very well. If you look back quarter by quarter throughout 2012 and its laid out in the supplemental package, we had improved every quarter. We are starting to see some positive rent spreads on the industrial side which I anticipate holding positive heading into 2012 but I dont see huge increases again. So, I think we will see positive spreads in the zero to 3% or 4% range. On the office it just depends, what market we are in, but I still think we will probably see some negative pressure, but again I dont think those are going to be huge negative spreads, but in the 0 to 5% range. Overall, I think with our mix in property now being much more industrial, we will sort of see an overall positive spread in 2010, but I dont think its going to be a huge spread.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: And just to clarify, is that cash or GAAP you are referring to?
Dennis Oklak: GAAP. We always look at net effective rent, so we take into account all the free rent periods.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Thats what I thought. Okay, final question. I got a couple of your investors asking me this morning, and I know the small component of the portfolio, but MOBs and retail, the same store growth in the fourth quarter was off the chart, was this just the occupancy gains or was there anything other than the occupancy gains causing this?
Dennis Oklak: In the retail would have been occupancy gains and free rent burn off, a combination. In the MOBs its multi-occupancy gains.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Thank you. Going back to your guidance, could you provide cash same-store NOI growth expectations for 2012? And, could you also talk about, if you look at your expirations that are occurring, what vintage year is expiring for industrial and office on average?
Dennis Oklak: Well, first of all the same store guidance we provide is cash. Thats how we report same store. Its all just on cash NOI basis. So the number that we disclosed in our range of estimates is in cash basis. Second, as we mentioned we have only got about 7% of our leases expiring this year, and on an average I would say those are between probably 4.5 and 6 years. Going back thats the average needs expiration terms even.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Okay, and last question. How much G&A are you capitalizing, and given that your construction volume is coming down for construction services, how are you accounting for that and how much of that can you possibly see come back into the income statement?
Dennis Oklak: Well, none is going to come back into the income statement. It never has. I mean we have been holding and we have been saying this for probably the last four years at least that we adjust our overhead cost accordingly to the bright sides of our business. As we go forward and our business changes, we have no choice but to adjust our cost. I think thats really being reflected by our G&A expense, when you look at it again over the last four years I would say that G&A has been relatively flat. We have actually gotten to go down a little bit, but we have been anywhere from, I would say, $39 to $43 or $44 million (indiscernible) consistently for the last four or five years and we pay obviously quite a bit of attention to that, and we adjust our total overhead structure to account for the changes within our business and well continue to do that. So that number is not going to fluctuate.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: So you are saying you dont capitalize G&A just to be clear.
Dennis Oklak: No, there is  some of our overhead is capitalized. No, we dont capitalize G&A, but we keep our G&A at the same level.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Okay. I'm not sure if you talked about it, but what is the yield difference between what you are going to buy and sell for 2012 roughly?
Dennis Oklak: Well, we have been saying again through this whole repositioning strategy that we thought  that we believed on a cash on cash or AFFO basis that our dispositions and acquisitions would be within about 100 basis points, so it would be about 100 basis points or so or maybe even a little less on. There will be a little bit of dilution going from the suburban office to the bulk industrial and medical office on an AFFO basis. The truth is if you go back to I guess about $2.5 billion or so of transactions on both disposition and acquisition side over the last two plus years, its been right at about that 100 basis point dilution to move $2.5 billion of suburban office into the industrial and medical office.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: All right, thank you Denny.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sloan Bohlen with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon. Denny just a question on the investment strategy for industrial. A lot of what you acquired was stabilized, but of course the trends have been pretty strong particularly in the fourth quarter. Are you getting to the point yet that you are taking lease-up risk on an acquisition or on the development side are there any market that you build out and its back?
Dennis Oklak: We are really not focused on taking lease-up risk on the acquisition side today. Weve really been focused on, again well prioritized but particularly the bulk industrial. Okay, have newer assets with high credit terms, longer term leases, and I think that just helps balance our portfolio. You know we still have a fair amount of vacancy out there. We are about 92% lease in our 107 million square feet of industrial, so weve still got some vacancy risk in that bulk industrial portfolio and we really are inclined to add to that risk. What weve been saying for the past couple of quarters as people started talking about spec industrial, we said generally speaking we arent there yet and I would still say we arent there yet. We are, as I mentioned we focus a lot of discussions on building suit industrial properties. I would say we are sort of looking at couple of markets where spec industrial might make some sense later this year, but there would be nothing imminent from us on the spec industrial side.
Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Just a question on the office dispositions. Do you have anything in the market today, and then is the pricing fairly consistent with what you sold with the Blackstone transaction?
Dennis Oklak: Yeah, we closed in January about a $44, $45 million sale in Raleigh of some non-strategic assets. We are not getting out of Raleigh office. Its a great market that we had. Four or five just non strategic assets or either older assets are not in our core sub markets. We closed on that. That pricing was very similar I think to the Blackstone pricing, maybe a little better, but close. We do have other properties in the market. Today when you think about our office portfolio, its really concentrated first of all on the east coast in Washington D.C., Raleigh and then southern Florida over in Broward County, and we are really not looking to move any of that product other than what we just sold in Raleigh. Those markets again are still holding up well. The other three office markets basically that we have today are St. Louis, Indianapolis and Cincinnati with again just a little bit in Nashville. For the most part our targeted dispositions we still have some take us from that 33% down to the 25%. Those are going to be concentrated on some of our older assets primarily in Cincinnati in St. Louis. Anyhow weve got various packages that we are working and in getting out into the market and some packages that are already flowing around in the market. We will continue to move in that direction.
Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs: Thats helpful. Just one quick one for Christie. Beyond the series and redemption, is there any plan for further debt pay down over 2012?
Christie Kelly: Yes Sloan, we will definitely take a look at what we might be able to do from a de-leathering perspective according to the capital strategy. So, we are very focused on achieving our target that weve set out to do here, and so you can expect more of that from us provided that we can execute in accordance with our asset strategy as weve done in the past. I think 2011 is a good example of what we are able to do.
Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you guys.
Dennis Oklak: Thanks Sloan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of John Stewart with Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: Thank you. Denny I just wanted to follow-up on Josh Atties question on the yield split out between the different property types in the fourth quarter. I know you disclosed stabilized return of 6.74%. And then in your comments you said that industrial was in the range. I wasnt quite sure what range you were referring to, and then if you  I didnt catch if you split out where medical office came in?
Dennis Oklak: You know John I didnt really split that out, and I guess what I said is I think the range  the cap rates are pretty comparable for the quarter on those two property types. Maybe its 10 basis points lower for our bulk industrial and 10 basis points higher for the medical office. But again, if you look at the profile of those properties, again we are basically 100% lease properties, new properties, high credit. Today the markets for the bulk industrial and the medical office, the cap rates for those kinds of properties are pretty darn close.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: Okay, thats helpful thank you. Just given that there are almost entire released, what is the growth expectation or your expected IRR on that series of acquisition?
Dennis Oklak: Well, we focus on acquiring some properties that have  with the leases in place that have red bumps in them. So we are generating future NOI growth in those properties, and virtually all of those properties have annual red bumps in them built into the existing leases probably in the range of 2% to 3% something like that on an annual basis. Thats what you can expect from those acquisitions.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: Okay. And the three industrial asset sales that you highlighted in the first lease during the quarter, I'm sure there was a story to them. How does that deal with the asset strategy?
Dennis Oklak: Weve got one building, I'm trying to get the list here John to remember, one building in Dallas I know that was a vacant building that was probably a 25 to 30 year old building that weve owned for many years since we first got into Dallas back in 1999, and so we sold that. And then we had in Indianapolis another 300,000 square foot building that again we built as a build-to-suit back in 1984 I believe, and we had a user come in and acquire that building. Then we also sold a small portfolio of three home  sort of flexi buildings, up way north of Alpharetta in Atlanta, and we just sold those because we have nothing else close to those and they really werent the big bulk industrial building. Again, strategically we are always looking through the portfolio and seeing what it makes sense to sell at any one time, and couple of those things were either held for sale or leased. So thats similar to the one that we sold in Dallas.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: That is helpful, thank you. Lastly, Christie can you help us understand whats the hold up on the series M. We have something tied up with $200 million cash on the balance sheet, why wouldnt you just take that out today?
Christie Kelly: Due to timing John, nothing specific, and we were also just looking opportunistically at what our net acquisition pipeline look like which I had indicated was quite strong. Just from a prudent perspective we wanted to make sure that we were taking advantage of all the opportunities out there.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: When should we expect to see that redemption?
Christie Kelly: Shortly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the lane of Brendan Maiorana with Wells Fargo your lane is open
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: Thanks, good afternoon. Question for either Denny or Christie. Looking at the guidance you guys have very low roll over, as you highlighted I think its only 7% for 2012. I dont know its a little bit a surprise that maybe occupancy wouldnt move up higher. Are you expecting either a low level of new leasing activity for 2012 or lower than average renewal rates for 12?
Dennis Oklak: No, I think when you look at what our expectation are today, we are kind of expecting the same sort of overall net absorption for 2012 that we had in 2011, and again if you think about it we were up about one plus percent when taking 2011, and I think the guidance that we gave for 2012 shows this up about 1%, thats still a pretty significant amount of net absorption even with only 7% expiring you just have to do quite a bit of leasing. To pick up that 1% when youve got 140 million square foot portfolio now.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: Is there renewal rate, what are you guys expecting for renewals overall? I mean how does that kind of compare to where you guy have been in the past?
Dennis Oklak: I mean youll see the renewal  first of all the overall actual renewal rate is very similar to what weve had in the past. We always run 75% to 80%, we were down a little bit in the first part of last year, which we knew we were going to be with a couple of larger expirations on the industrial side. But I think youll see us running in that 70% to 80%. And then on the run rate growth, as I mentioned a little earlier I think mostly flat to slightly positive run rate growth overall in 2012.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: And then, Denny, forgive me if I'm missing something here. But arent you only kind of moving occupancy up 30 basis points or so, arent you at around 90.7 today and you are looking at 91% as average for 12?
Dennis Oklak: Yeah. I think its a little bit higher than that when you look and you factor in some of the effects of some of our short term leases, in the month to month leases. We never know whether they are going to stay or not Brendan. Its really probably closer to 1% or 1.2%.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: Sure. And for the AFFO guides, do you guys think that that number is being helped out disproportionately because you have got lower rollovers this year or  I mean I understand that its getting better because of the Blackstone transaction and not having the 10 million square feet of suburban office this year versus last year. But, on a kind of same store basis do you think that TIs and leasing commissions are going down on a comparable space basis. Do you think there are static, do you think they are moving up, can you give us any color on that?
Dennis Oklak: Well, I would say, first of all, I mean its helped maybe slightly, but I only have 7%, but we typically run about 11, maybe 10% to 11%. So, its not a huge difference overall. I do think its being helped out obviously by the sale of the suburban office portfolio. But what I would also say is, generally speaking, the CapEx profile for us is improving more quickly on the bulk industrial side. So, the CapEx as a percent of net effective rent, the way we track it is getting better on the industrial side much more quickly than it is on the office side, and now with a much smaller office portfolio the trend is going to be better on the outside for us.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: Okay, thats helpful. Last one, on the land and the impairment, maybe I'm missing this, but it looks like your balance sheet, your land balance, actually moved up by not much but maybe 300,000, 400,000, 500,000 something like that. Is that net of  did you guys acquire land in the quarter and is that net of the $12.9 million write off?
Dennis Oklak: Yeah, its on that. We did acquire just a small piece really in Dallas when it came in connection with a couple of building portfolio acquisition that we did, there was some land adjacent. The truth is we are virtually out of bulk industrial land in Dallas anyway, so it was a good acquisitions on the land side for us there, up in great line.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: The land balance that you are showing, I mean the acquisition that you are showing stripped out the land out of the basis, right, for the 6, 7, 4 cap rate is exclusive of the land?
Dennis Oklak: Thats correct.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: Okay. Can you give us a sense, it was at the 98 acres of land or was there something more than that in the acquisitions in the quarter?
Dennis Oklak: I think that was it.
Christie Kelly: That was it I think Brendan.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: That was it, okay, and it was about 13 million or something?
Dennis Oklak: Yeah, it sounds right.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dave Rodgers with RBC Capital Markets, your line is open.
Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets: Denny, just following up on some of your comments earlier in some questions regarding especially the development in industrial. I think if you look at the Class A large block space in a lot of your higher quality market, vacancies in those assets might some 5%. When you compare with your buying to what you could build for today, how far off on the development yield do you think you are and how rapidly has that been coming in if at all for that narrow subset of I guess what you would like going forward?
Dennis Oklak: Sure Dave. I would tell you, I guess first of all starting with what weve been buying versus what we can build for, weve been paying a lot of attention to replacement cost. I think weve been buying pretty close to replacement cost at all of our acquisitions, but particularly we look at that on the bulk industrial side. Its pretty close. And now I think when you think about that buying in high fixed cap rate for bulk industrial with a tenant in place, long term leases, good locations, to take the spec development risk you really need a couple of hundred basis points above that before you are going to take that spec development risk. So, I dont think rents are at the point where we are going to see that 200 basis point spread at this point in time, until we see a little bit more rent growth. There might be a couple of markets that are exceptions to that but not many. Then the other thing I would say is, what happens is everybody starts looking at vacancy rates within a market and say, okay well when it gets to 5 or 6 or 4% percent vacancy then we are going to start building. Well, we pay attention to that but the other thing we really look at is, whats the demand. So, it may stabilize at 5% or 6% vacancy but there may not be a whole lot of demand behind that to fill up vacant space. If anybody in our company wants to start a speculative development project they better have a long list of prospects before they come talk to me about it. I think thats the one piece people are missing today is that backlog of great activity which still is not built up like we would see in any kind of the normal time.
Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Christie, a follow up for you as well, and thanks for that color Denny. An earlier comment you had made Christie, I think related to taking out additional prefers throughout the year and improving the balance sheet, you had made a comment depending on what happens on the asset market you would look to do more or less of that. Its also that perhaps you are tracking more of the long term unsecured debt market or perhaps the term loan market and I would love to know kind of where you be comfortable calling in those additional preferreds given whats happening in the various debt markets.
Christie Kelly: Yes, I think Dave just to clarify I was specifically referring to unsecured and our activities to pay down unsecured maturities. As it relates to preferred I would love to be able to take down the oath but we are not able to redeem them until 2013. I think just from perspective I am comfortable with the level of preferreds that we currently have. As I stated previously, we have really been focused on taking down our more expensive preferreds, and as it relates to what we are looking to do at the end those were at 6.95 and then weve taken down everything above that and we plan to do so with the others as well.
Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Christie Kelly: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from the lane of Dave Aubuchon with Baird. Your lane is open.
David Aubuchon  Robert W. Baird: Yeah, thank you. Denny you had mentioned in your prepared remarks that you are having a number of discussions with tenants about doing build-to-suit industrial projects, but tenants are still slow in making those decisions. Do you get a sense on whats sort of holding those tenants up right now because as you mentioned it seems like the industrial metrics are sort of pushing in the right way, do you get a sense of, again, whats maybe holding them from making those decisions right now?
Dennis Oklak: Well, I cant say anything for sure Dave, but my sense is its still just the uncertainty. You know, everybody is still  there is still a fair amount of uncertainty with everybody about where their business is headed in 2012. Because things are not, as we keep saying, and we all know, things are picking up but there is just not a lot of momentum behind that. I think its just  most companies are really taking a look, they are monitoring it almost on a day to day basis, and really being extremely cautious before they pull the trigger. So, just for some perspective on that, in a normal time on a bulk industrial build-to-suit building your discussions might last two or three months from the time you start talking to somebody till the time you are ready to sign a lease and get going. Today these things are taking six or nine months, then they may go on hold for three months and then they may come back and take another three months. So, its just really a different environment, and its just a sense of cautiousness on the part of users and I think just overall uncertainty as to where their businesses are going.
David Aubuchon  Robert W. Baird: And you said, just answering the previous question about how deep a demand pool you would need to sort of start a specular (ph) project. Can you categorize how maintenance or how deep the pipeline is on the build-to-suit side right now. I mean could you see sort of a flood gate open if we get a little bit more sustainability and confidence in the economy?
Dennis Oklak: Well, I think where we are in the cycle in industrial is again  as I think somebody mentioned earlier in one of their questions, in most markets a lot of the large vacant blocks have been taken up. In most markets if you are looking for something over a half million square feet, there arent a whole lot of choices if any. You look at the under 200,000 square feet then there are still a fair amount of choices out there. Whats going to happen is as users come along I think the first area you are going to see is build-to-suit in the larger spaces. Because in most markets today you are not going to see developers go out and start 800,000 square foot spec building, you know, a million square foot spec building. So, at this point in the market when user needs 600,000 square feet to a million square feet its probably going to be a build-to-suit. Again, I would tell you the discussions that we are having with folks out there are all on the larger both industrial buildings, and so, again, I think thats where we will see the build-to-suit activity and then well see that build-to-suit activity for a period of time, and then as the market and economy, if hopefully some day it gets back to more of a normal position, then you will see the build-to-suit level of activity decline and the amount of spec building go up including on the larger spaces.
David Aubuchon  Robert W. Baird: Okay. Then my last question is, the 800,000 square foot tenant in Atlanta that you lost, the industrial vacancy, did you get any specific commentary about what you are leasing prospects are there to sort of back fill that space?
Dennis Oklak: Yeah, we are talking to two or three people, at least one for the entire space. I mean its a huge backlog but there are some discussions going on.
David Aubuchon  Robert W. Baird: Okay, thats helpful, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao, with Deutsche Bank, your line is open.
Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank: Good afternoon everyone. Ive just got a follow-up question on the acquisition side in light of the pipeline of deals that you are tracking right now, I mean should we be thinking about the $300 million to $500 million coming earlier in the year or later in the year, and same thing on a disposition side. Now, you said you had $45 million that closed early in January. But for the rest of the year how should we be thinking about that?
Dennis Oklak: Well, I guess first of all on the acquisition side, we did close about a $50 million medical office acquisition also in the first month here up in Chicago. So those kind of offset, and then if you look at the rest of them I would say if you think about acquisitions its probably going to be fairly balanced throughout the rest of the year. Weve got discussions in progress and things going on now, but I dont see it weighted more heavily towards first part of the year or the second part of the year. Dispositions I think will probably be a little bit more weighted towards the second half of the year. But again, weve only our guidance is  compared to obviously the past couple of years our guidance on the building disposition is somewhat more modest, at 200 to 300, since weve already closed $44 million, wherever you put them isnt going to have a huge effect.
Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just going back, I thought I heard Christie you mention looking to replace pending mortgages with unsecured, was that correct?
Christie Kelly: No, you didnt Vince.
Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank: Okay. I'm sorry then. In terms of the mortgage maturity is the plan there just to pay them off as they come due?
Christie Kelly: Yes, pay them off or extend maturities out, another tenure long term.
Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Christie Kelly: Get some attractive tenure indicative pricing out there.
Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thinking about the lease expirations, not very much this year in 2012 but from what you have seen  I mean are there any cores where you are tracking from potential large move outs like youve had in a couple of quarters here in 2011?
Dennis Oklak: No, not really. Even as you look to the whole year there arent any real sizable lease expirations out there. I would say the largest one on the industrial side this year is probably 400,000 square feet range.
Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank: Okay, thats helpful. I think that was it from me thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi. Your line is open 
Michael Bilerman  Citi: Yeah. Denny, just wanted to come to (indiscernible) the loan high, which you have deemed to be pessimistic and optimistic. Can you just sort of, as you think about that sort of terminology, what sort of economic growth is a pessimistic scenario that would move the company towards the low end of guidance, and whats sort of the optimistic scenario. I'm just trying to figure out that terminology of using that terminology in your guidance, whats sort of driving that?
Dennis Oklak: Sure Michael. I would first of all go back to probably our conversation or what we were saying about a year ago. If you looked at a year ago most economists and most folks were predicting for 2011 2.5, maybe 3 at the beginning of the year percent GDP growth. Quite honestly we werent that optimistic and unfortunately we were I think closer than most people. We were kind of thinking in the 1.5% to 2% range and thats a really a lot closer to where we ended up. Today I think people again are probably in that 2% to 2.5% range. I think we are probably in that range for kind of the  if you are looking at the midpoint between the pessimistic and the optimistic in that 2% to 2.5% range. So to me our pessimistic side would be as if we see like very little GDP growth, so 0% to 0.5%. Our optimistic would be, if we probably see 2.5% to 3% because it doesnt take as much on the upside to actually improve, because we've been cautious and cover ourselves on the downside, so it would have to fall further us to get close to that bottom. So those are the kind of numbers were thinking about Michael. 
Michael Bilerman  Citi: I just wanted to clarify within an occupancy line, there is a bullet point that says outside the guidance driven by lease up of portfolio, is that upside optimistic end or  I just didnt know what that was in reference to?
Dennis Oklak: Yeah, I think thats right. Upside between the midpoint and getting above the midpoint and maybe even higher than the optimistic would be really just we would exceed our leasing expectations for the year.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: So thats timing of when you get to a certain occupancy level but also exceeding the 92.5 average occupancy for the year?
Dennis Oklak: Yes, definitely. It really  you mentioned it here, but I just want to point out, timing of leasing on average occupancy is huge. Again, the more leasing we get done in the first quarter it just has obviously a huge multiplier effect on our average for the year. If we can see some really good strong activity in the first quarter, then  it certainly makes that optimistic side or above a lot more achievable.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: These are the 89.5 to 92.5, is that your average in-service occupancy on the total portfolio, i.e., 135 million square feet or just your share effectively the joint ventures and the holio (ph) and the 110 million square feet? 
Dennis Oklak: Its on a 100 percent. 
Michael Bilerman  Citi: 100 percent. Just going to back to Brendans question, the 89.7 was the average but you ended the year 90.7. What youre saying is embedded in that 90.7 is 75 bps to 100 bps of short term leases that are going to come out of the portfolio at the beginning of the year? 
Dennis Oklak: Well, youre exactly right that there is 75 to 100 bps of occupancy in that short term. We never know what they are going to come out Michael unfortunately, that just makes it hard to predict. Our average guidance the way we do it assumes they come out some time during the year. Some probably earlier in the year rather than later, because if they are in there for three months and they expire at the end of January or end of February, at this point in time in that guidance were probably taking a mile.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: Right. So, the reality is  even if youre starting at 90.7 it sounds like even if you have some of these short terms leases not coming out for a little while, to get down towards the bottom half of this guidance range would take a much more difficult leasing scenario, and youd have to lose a lot more and not retain as much tenants even with a low rollover in which case getting to a 91.1% to the midpoint of the occupancy seems a good target at least as a base line? 
Dennis Oklak: Yes, I mean thats clearly  yes.
Christie Kelly: Thats correct Michael.
Dennis Oklak: The only other comment I would make is, whatever we put what we call the pessimistic here downside, however you want to describe it, were also saying, well, that could be affected on occupancy but a number of these metrics just by defaults. So, if tenants  we only have 7% of our portfolio leases expiring during the year, but if you get a couple of tenant defaults in there that can also have an effect on that average occupancy.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: Okay. And then lastly, you used to have and you stopped this at the beginning of 10, your internal overhead cost summary where you broke out G&A both from what was P&L, what went to the services, what went to rental operations, and then how much you are capitalizing both for construction and development and what you are capitalizing for internal leasing cost. Can you just give us a sense, the last time you had put out the numbers you had about, call it $20 million that was capitalized for construction development, and about $25 million for internal leasing, that was back in 09. Where do those numbers sort of shake out today for 11 but also as you think about 2012?
Dennis Oklak: Well, let me talk about  I guess if I look at 2011, I think  I would just relate this to you as to our total overhead focus. As I mentioned earlier I think when Ki Bin asked the question, our G&A has stayed relatively flat and thats the number we obviously monitor to make sure that were not at an overhead level thats causing that G&A go up. But just to put in perspective I would say, roughly 2010 and 2011 were relatively flat on an overall overhead basis. Heading into 2012, we probably reduced our total overhead costs by probably $12 million to $15 million. If you look at total overhead costs thats probably down. Were probably 30% to 35% below where we were back in 2010. And then it dropped down some in 2011 and now its dropping down even further in 2012. So basically since what I am getting at is if the overall overhead pool has dropped by that kind of percentage and basically our G&A has stayed relatively flat, that means the amount of overhead where capitalizing has also dropped by the amount of our overall overhead reduction if that made any sense. That complicated explanation I just gave you is one of the reasons we took that schedule out. But I think you understand what I mean Mike.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: Yes, okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have a follow up from the line of Dave Aubuchon of Baird, your line is open.
David Aubuchon  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Yeah thanks, just a quick follow up. The 45 millionish asset sale, the Raleigh assets that closed in January, is that early in the discontinue ops, did you had them in Q4.
Dennis Oklak: Yes.
Christie Kelly: It is.
David Aubuchon  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you, and we have no further questions at this time. Please continue.
Dennis Oklak: Okay. Thank you everybody and we look forward to talking to you at the end of next quarter if we dont see you at one of our meetings before then. Thank you.
Christie Kelly: Thank you everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference service, you may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 12:00:00) =====
Executives:  Ron Hubbard  VP, IR Denny Oklak  Chairman and CEO Christie Kelly  EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Jamie Feldman  Bank of America Josh Attie  Citi Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo John Stewart  Green Street Advisors Ross Nussbaum  UBS Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie Michael Bilerman  Citi 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Duke Realty Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. For the conference, all the participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for your questions; instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, todays call is being recorded. With that being said, Ill turn the conference now to Mr. Ron Hubbard. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Hubbard: Thank you, John. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Denny Oklak, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Christie Kelly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Denien, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Before we make our prepared remarks, let remind you that statements we make today are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. For more information about those risk factors, we would refer you to our December 31, 2010 10-K that we have on filed with the SEC. Now, for our prepared statement, Ill turn it over to Denny Oklak.
Denny Oklak: Thank you, Ron. Good afternoon, everyone, were happy to have Ron on Board as VP of Investor Relations. I think many of know Ron, but Ron has 12 years of experience in the REIT sector and then we look forward to introducing him to more of you at the upcoming NAREIT meeting in Dallas. Today, I will highlight some of our key accomplishments during the quarter, in both our asset and operational strategies. Christie will then address our third quarter financial performance and progress on our capital strategy. Well then talk to more about our recently announced transaction. We followed up on the positive momentum we generated in the second quarter with a very successful third quarter by all accounts. We continue to improve up on all of our key operating metrics and also made progress on our asset repositioning strategy through several industrial acquisitions and our first meaningful quarter of new development starts in a while. All this positive momentum was obtained to mid continued uncertainty and mainly negative headlines from the headline News from macroeconomic prospective. Specifically, the housing market, financial services and banking sectors, and employment growth metrics continued to dominate the negative headlines. Yet manufacturing output and manufacturing surveys continue to be relatively solid. With the majority of recent job growth focused in this sector, as well as wholesale trade and transportation, demand for Dukes bulk distribution facilities continues to be good. Fundamentals in our urban office portfolio appear to be stabilizing and medical office fundamentals continued to be strong. Development remains opportunistic with build of suites in office and industrial and relationship-driven starts in medical office. Landlords are still not commenting much if any pricing power across all product types. Even with these challenging economic issues on international basis, Im very pleased with the progress we made this quarter across our entire portfolio. The total portfolio occupancy increased to 90.7%, which is our highest levels since 2000. We renewed 69% of our leases during the quarter and attend an overall rental rate growth on these renewals of 1%. The new lease activity totaled 3.2 million square feet and when you couple this with a low level of terminations, we generate a positive net absorption of over 1. 6 million square feet. While rent spreads are still challenging, its pleasing to see that we had a positive releasing spread across all product types. We also achieved positive same property net operating income growth for this 3 and 12 months ended September 30 of 1.2% and 2.1% respectively. Once again, all product types produce positive results. Now, let me touch on some of the key activity within each product side for the quarter. Industrial activity was strong across most of our markets. We completed over 1.9 million square feet of new industrial leases and approximately 1.9 million square feet of industrial renewals. This leasing activity increased our overall industrial occupancy to 92.4% at September 30. Some of our larger deals included a 446,000 square feet lease in national to a major Internet retailer, to take that building to 100% occupancy, a167, 000 square feet at lease in Phoenix to cosmo power, filling up our value add acquisition from earlier this year and a 158,000 square foot 20-year lease in Dallas to Genuine Auto Parts. In all, Im very pleased to report that over half of our industrial markets have occupancy levels above 94%. I would point out that we have a few large fourth quarter lease expirations where the tenants have notified us they are not going to renew, so we anticipate some drop in our industrial occupancy level at year-end. The office leasing environment continues to be challenging as expected. However, we were able to increase our office occupancy by over 50 basis points to 85.93% and achieved positive rent growth on renewals of 1.4%. Some of our larger new office leases included in 82,000 square foot lease in Chicago to a major insurance company and 69,000 square foot leases in Atlanta to Rockton Company, square feet of leases in Indianapolis to Interactive Intelligence and a 46,000 square foot lease in South Florida to the University of Miami. On the medical office front, leasing activity and development opportunities continue to gain traction. Our medical office portfolio increased by 150 basis points to 87.47% and us starter two new development projects, which I will cover in a minute. We also made good progress in our asset strategy during the quarter. From an acquisition perspective, pricing on most deals that we have pursued has been aggressive as cap rates for high-quality industrial and medical office properties remain low. We have continued to stay true to our strategy and have remained patient, disciplined and selective with regard to acquisitions. We focus on core stabilized bulk industrial and medical office properties for our acquisitions and intend to continue this strategy. We acquired $103 million of properties during the third quarter, almost all of which were Class A bulk industrial buildings. These acquisitions included five industrial buildings in Raleigh, totaling 696,000 square feet that are 91.3% leased. Two industrial buildings in Chicago that are 100% leased, totaling 365,000 square feet and a 329,000 square foot building in Dallas, it is also 100% leased. We also acquired two small office buildings, one of them was part of our Raleigh portfolio acquisition and the other is in Indianapolis property where we acquired our joint venture partners interest. Disposition activity was light during the quarter, but we are working on several smaller disposition transactions that we expect to close in the fourth quarter, as well as the significant office disposition we announced last week, which well discuss in more detail later. Im pleased to announce some significant activity on the new development side. We signed a 15-year office build-to-suit transaction with Primerica on our legacy office park land in Atlanta. This project kicks off our development in this park. On the medical office side, we started a project for health services is Indianapolis. This project will be constructed and owned in a joint venture with the hospital that consists of a faculty office building on the campus of the new hospital being built. The hospital will occupy 100% of the building on a 30-year lease. We also started one other metro office building in and off our three developments start totaled $162 million this quarter and there all 100% leased. On the industrial development side, more discussions are taking place for build-a-suits, yet there are still some hesitancies to comment on the part of the customers due to economic uncertainties. So overall, the third quarter was an excellent quarter. Ill now turn the call over to Christie to discuss our financial results for the quarter.
Christie Kelly: Thanks, Denny. Good afternoon, everyone. As Denny mentioned, I would like to provide an update on our third quarter financial performance and progress on our capital strategy. Our third quarter 2011 core assets held was $0.29 per share, which is consistent with the second quarter. Our earnings from rental operations increased slightly from the second quarter and large part due to continued lease successes, as well as due to the impact of the acquisitions. The increased earnings from rental operations were offset however by a decrease in income from our serviced operation due to substantial completion of the BRAC third-party construction project. Although again I expect future projects of this magnitude of the BRAC project, we continue with a strong backlog of ongoing projects and expect our serviced operations to continue at above pre-BRAC historic levels, heading into 2012. For the quarter, our AFFO per share was $0.18, which translates into a payout ratio of 94% and our year-to-date payout ratio was below 88%. AFFO per share declined slightly from the $0.22 per share reported last quarter and large part as the byproduct of capital expenditures necessary to support our successful leasing efforts that have driven the significant improvement in our occupancy. We utilized the majority of our cash on hand at June 30 to fund the 109 million redemption of our 7.25% percent series and preferred shares in July. Primarily due to the scheduled repayment of $122.5 million of unsecured notes in August as well as over $103 million of acquisitions in September, we finished the quarter with $284 million balance on our line of credit. With regard to our capital strategy, all key metrics have improved throughout the year. Specifically, our fixed charge covered ratio was 1.8 times, debt to EBITDA was 7.15 times and combined debt and preferred stock to EBITDA was 8.48 times ended September 30, 2011. I would like to point out that our combined debt and preferred stock to EBITDA of 8.48 this quarter increased from 8.18 times at June 30, 2011 primarily due to the timing of our acquisitions closing near the end of this quarter. We are also in the process of extending our line of credit maturity date from February 2013 to December 2015. The total amount of our facility will remain at $850 million and will include $400 million. I wanted to thank our bank for their strong support. Today we have the majority of the banks committed and plan to close by mid-November 2011. We are pleased with our ability to continue to improve our balance sheet as our operating and asset repositioning successes play out. And with that, Ill turn it back over to Denny.
Denny Oklak: Thanks, Christie. While there is still a tremendous amount of uncertainty in this economy, weve actually strengthened our portfolio and produced solid results in all phases of our corporate strategy year to date. With a strong operating performance for the first nine months of the year and our expectations for the fourth quarter, we have narrowed our core FFO guidance to $1.13 to $1.15 per share for 2011. Now Id like to discuss our significant office portfolio sales transaction. Last Thursday we announced a definitive agreement to sell 82 suburban office properties to an affiliate of Blackstone for $1.08 billion. As noted, the transaction represents an accelerated over two years ago to reduce our exposure to suburban office properties primarily in the Midwest. As you can imagine, a transaction of this size and number of assets can be quite complex, so weve been working on this deal for a while. The requirement to the buyer was that they acquired substantially all of our wholly owned office assets in each of the markets they entered. We agreed to this provision and well now only own joint venture properties in those markets after closing. And as far as pricing, our supplemental information released last night, we broke out the net operating income from these properties in the schedules on pages 17 and 18. The core NOI from this properties for the nine months ended September 30 was $66.4 million, based on the sales price of $1.08 billion, this represents an annualized NOI cap rate of 8.2%. As you look at the third quarter core NOI annualized, the cape rate is 8.5%. As you know, there are many ways to calculate a cap rate, but we believe looking at the actual core NOI from these properties for the nine months and three months period is an accurate representation of cap rates. Also keep in mind that these are NOI cap rates, and as you know, we always focus on AFFO our cash on cash cap rates, which are obviously lower. Id also like to point out that this portfolio is essentially unlevered with only $30 million of debt. In todays world it is very difficult to put together a $1 billion portfolio of properties with no leverage. This portfolio was very attractive because of the ability to finding in todays market. So we are very pleased with this transaction and look forward to executing and closing in the next few weeks. Now, Christie is going to discuss our intended use of the sales proceeds.
Christie Kelly: Looking forward, we intend to use the $1.50 billion for proceeds add follows. $284 million to pay down our September 2011 line of credit. We also will repay $168 million of unsecured debt maturities coming due during the remainder of 2011. We also may redeem the $168 million, 6.95% Series M preferred shares. We have about $250 million of net acquisitions activity we expect to close in the fourth quarter of 2011. That leaves about a $180 million of funds leased back to use for future acquisitions and allotment. Bottom line, we intend to use about 45% of the proceeds, approximately $455 million from the announced sub-urban office portfolio disposition to further delever our balance sheet. 55% of the proceeds will be used to fund the growth of our industrial and medical office business. It is our expectation that we will again have a zero balance on our line of credit by the end of 2011 and move into 2012 holding some cash under these assumptions, this transaction will be between $0.10 and $0.12 per share dilutive to core FFO for 2012. The effect on AFFO for 2012 will be between $0.02 and $0.03 dilutive. Furthermore, we are committed to our strategy capital objective including achieving fixed-charge coverage above to debt-to-EBIDTA under 6 and combined debt and preferred stock-to-EBIDTA under 7.75. As you know, because of the uncertainty and volatility in the economy for the past few years, weve provided our annual earnings guidance in January. Once again we plan on providing you 2012 earnings guidance and our range of estimates during our call in January. And with that, I turn it back over to Denny.
Denny Oklak: Thanks, Christie. In summary, we are very pleased with our operating results and our progress on our asset and capital strategies. We believe the sale of the office portfolio is a win-win for both buyer and seller. We are able to move forward quickly on our asset repositioning and Blackstone is able to acquire a virtually unencumbered quality office portfolio and obtain favorable financing in todays market. So thank you again for joining us and with that, we will open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And first from the line of Jamie Feldman with Bank of America. Please go head.
Jamie Feldman  Bank of America: Thank you. I guess you could follow up on the Blackstone sale, talking about the processes doing a transaction, how deep is the pool of buyers and then kind of what was the marketing edge?
Ron Hubbard: Well, as you can imagine, we did not fully market this transaction, obviously if wed have fully marketed this transaction, Im sure you would first bought it much sooner but there was a pool of buyers. We did discuss the transaction with more than just one buyer and I think there was actually a number of people that were interested and we ended up working with the Blackstone folks.
Jamie Feldman  Bank of America: Okay. And then as you think about your remaining sub-urban office portfolio, how much of this improved the same-store trajectory of that portfolio, say over the next 12 months or so? And also whats the difference in the CapEx?
Ron Hubbard: Well, let me address the first part. I think its a little hard to say, looking out into the future how much its going to improve our same-store our performance. I think obviously closed on this in the fourth quarter, those properties will be removed from our same property performance for the year, because we dont own them anymore. So I think our same property performance looking at 2011 will look quite a bit better. Looking at the remaining office portfolio going forward, if you look at our same property performance as we said this quarter, we were slightly positive. And I would tell you, right now. I dont really have any reason to believe thats going to change over the next 12 months, probably sort of flat to may be slightly positive on the same-store, but obviously again in January of next year well give you our guidance for that  for 2012. And then Im not sure I quite understood your last question Jamie, on the capital expenditures. Could you say that again?
Jamie Feldman  Bank of America: Im just thinking in terms of  I mean, Christie has said the AFFO impact versus the FFO impact. So how much are you saving in CapEx by not having the portfolio? I assuming its greater than average CapEx per square foot?
Denny Oklak: Well, it is because the office product is always greater than average on CapEx per square foot then our overall portfolio. So the answer to that is yes.
Jamie Feldman  Bank of America: Okay. We can talk about that later. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Bilerman with Citi. Please go ahead.
Josh Attie  Citi: Hi, thanks. Its Josh Attie with Michael. Can you help us understand some of the differences between the assets that you sold to block, some of the assets that you are keeping. Looking at the supplemental, it looks like the NOI per square foot is clearly lower at the Blackstone portfolio. But the rental revenue per square foot looks like its similar and I dont know if thats a function of the leases being structured differently or then having different cost structures. But can you kind of help us understand maybe what the differences are?
Denny Oklak: Yeah, I dont know, Josh, that I can actually specifically answer those questions. I think we can look into that. But just in general, again this was really the markets that we sold, four of them in the Midwest, guess work, and then the rest in the Southeast. What we really have left is a couple  really three Midwest markets with our office being Indianapolis, Cincinnati and St. Louis. We have office assets in South Florida, its a big concentration of office assets for us, a little bit in Nashville and then in Washington DC in our joint-venture with (inaudible). And so I guess just a couple of things I will say sort of any. When you look at the gross rent rates in those remaining markets, particularly Washington DC is the highest and quite of bit higher, probably 30% higher than our  most of our other markets. And again when we show our leasing statistics in our supplemental, we include the joint ventures at 100% on the individual statistics. Obviously not in FFO, but as a statistic. So the leasing activity in DC is going to obviously move those numbers higher. And then I would also say that St. Louis is also one of our higher growth rent markets, when you look across the country, our gross rents in St. Louis are $24 to $26 range, so thats higher than a number of the other Midwest markets. So  and then of course South Florida is a little bit on the high side. Because a majority of our markets are going have higher gross rental rates and then  but still  the concentration of those assets is going to be still probably tilted a little bit towards the Midwest for Cincinnati and St. Louis. Hopefully that helps.
Josh Attie  Citi: Okay. Thank you. That helps.
Denny Oklak: Okay. Good.
Operator: Next well go to Sloan Bohlen with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs: Hi, good afternoon. Just a question on guidance number that $0.10 to 0$.12 dilutive for next year. Can you maybe dig in a little bit about what is assumed about the pace or yield in which the procedure are reinvested? And then additionally to that, whether or not there is any G&A savings from shutting down operations in certain of these markets?
Denny Oklak: Well, let me start and then Christie can join me in. But I will tell you that the guidance, Christie went through the complete list of the use of proceeds. So for example, the preferred or the debt is just going to be what the interest rate in on that. And then the acquisitions that we have planned for the fourth quarter is roughly  I would say roughly at 7% kind of cap rate range that we would be using on that to redeploy. And then again, weve got basically, I think I said about  she said about $180 million write off of proceeds that are specifically identified anywhere right now and were just kind of assuming that that would be spread out during the first part of next year again at above that 7% cap rate and redeployed.
Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs: And on just those initial acquisitions, are you expecting to get that yield day one or are you looking at lease up opportunities in I guess 
Denny Oklak: Were really not  we are expecting those day one because as I mentioned a remarks, really our acquisition strategy is going to be it has been to focus on core stabilized bulk industrial and medical office assets.
Christie Kelly: Yeah, thats right, Denny. So I would say, just in summary, as you can see, good majority of the $1.05 is going to be deployed immediately, call it 85% to 90%.
Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just on the G&A sided, is that anything to say there?
Denny Oklak: Well, I dont think so. I think what we will be reducing our overall overhead cost obviously, because people that are directly associated with these properties, we wont have any more. In the Blackstone, may hire some of those or other service providers to those properties may hire some of those folks. So our overall overhead cost will drop, but I think when you sort through and what actually ends up in G&A, we dont anticipate any drop in that.
Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you, guys,
Christie Kelly: Thanks, Brendan.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Adornato with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets: Thanks. Switching to development, I was wondering if you could talk about your plan, your development hurdles or your return hurdles and pre-leasing requirements before you start developments.
Denny Oklak: Sure, Paul. I think as you know, there isnt a whole lot of development going on and I could also say, as you know, were really not starting any kind of speculator projects today. So as I said in the remarks, all of our new development, which is over $160 million in the third quarter were 100% lease in really long-term leases. Just to give you an idea on those projects, the going in cap rate that are yield on those properties within 7 to 7.25 range. But again those are long-term leases with annual rent bumps built into those and all those. So obviously the average yield on those significantly higher than that. And then, the only thing that were starting with any vacancy at all today are few medical office property, which is typical, but weve actually pushed our pre-leasing requirements on those. We use to be more on the 50% range, now were pushing that up to 70% to 80% pre-lease for the medical office properties and thats been pretty consistent here. The yields on the medical office properties today are those kind of properties are starting in the sort of high 7s, low 8s, and again moving up from there. And its really hard to say anything on industrial building because we havent really started anything and were not intended to starting expect here in the near-term future.
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets: And would you anticipate spending anything on land that it is rebuilding a land bank of any sort?
Denny Oklak: No, not really. But I will say we run into a couple portfolios where were buying some industrial buildings we like that may come with a site or two. And so we would do that, but were not going out and buying any undeveloped land on a separate basis and were really working hard to continue to sell some of that land and reduce that investment on those parts, for future sale.
Christie Kelly: And I would echo Dennys comments, Paul. Weve been very selective on the acquisition front. And one of the key things that we look at is the land component.
Denny Oklak: But there is  I think only one acquisition that we have done so far had land with it at all.
Christie Kelly: Pretty material.
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets: Right, okay. Thank you.
Denny Oklak: Thanks, Paul.
Christie Kelly: Thanks Paul.
Operator: And next well go to Brendan Maiorana with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: Thanks, good afternoon. Question I guess just a follow-up with the acquisition strategy. Denny, looking at stabilized Class A industrial, it sounds like thats an asset class thats going to be pretty competitive when youre trying to get these acquisitions done. So what do you think is the comparative advantage thats allowing you guys to win some of the deals that youve done versus the competition thats out there that imaging is pretty steep looking at these assets?
Denny Oklak: Well, I think there is a couple of things, Brandan. And one, we have brought  have been able to buy a few things off market, where before we actually started getting marketed, we were able to get in there and we really get those opportunities just by doing so integrated into our local markets. And we have done a handful of those this year. On the other ones when it is comparative bid, it is a little bit more difficult for us, but we do have an advantage in many respective because of the folks that we know  obviously know the investment sales brokers very well and all these transactions were handled by investment sales brokers. And they have a lot of confidence in us. So they know that if were in there and were going to close, were going to stick to the agreements we made because we do that and everybody knows that. So many times, if its a very close race, we can win out just because of their confidence in our ability to execute and close.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: Okay, thats helpful. In terms of the portfolio targets that you guys now have after that $1.1 billion of sub-urban office closings and I know youve got. What else is out there that you want to line up on the sub-urban office side? I guess youve got Cleveland out there, but youve talked about, are there other markets youd like to discuss on as well?
Denny Oklak: Yeah. Let me just first say where were projected be kind of a yearend now, assuming this transaction does close and a few other things that we mentioned were going to process. We would actually be at about 54% industrial, 32% office, 10% medical office and the 4% retail. So we really only got about 6% more overall repositioning to do on the industrial side. So really switching and were going to keep our strategy the same, new development build-to-suits and just core bulk industrial. And then on the office were at about 32% and our target is 25%. So weve made obviously a major move with this transaction. We actually did close on the sale of three additional office buildings in Cleveland in October in the fourth quarter, so those are part of that. I think now well be obviously I think more selective on our office disposition and well really try to look at some of the, I will call, less functional older sub-urban office buildings and move those and then that 25% will really be comprised of the very core, very solid office buildings, mostly that will be in the major markets like, such as Washington, Raleigh, South Florida. We have a little bit in the Midwest still, in Indianapolis, in Cincinnati and St. Louis. Im sure well have some of those properties left, but there will be mostly core properties in those other markets. And then again where we still have development pipeline on the MOB side and also have looked at and I think well close some MOB acquisitions and then ultimately when the timing is right, well just dispose into retail and redeploy that. But the new I think really is this is a manager step in getting there to our targets much more quickly than the time like we laid out.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. And then just lastly, theres been a lot of discussion obviously over the past week about the pricing of the transaction say on the Blackstone. Can you kind of clear up what you think the replacement cost of these assets is and how that compares to the $107 a foot for these 15-year-old asset?
Denny Oklak: Sure, Ill try. Of course its little hard to peg an exact replacement cost. And I guess first of all one comment Id make, Ive never closed a transaction what buyer and seller have ever agreed on what the cap rate was. So that is not unusual. I think the best way we can show is the way we did show, in our supplemental package, I mean for you guys thats the actual NOI that was included and obviously when we close, we will be required to pro forma financial statements, basically indicating the effect of this transactions. So you guys be able to look at those posts-closing also, but it will really reflect what weve shown in the supplemental package. So on the replacement cost per square foot, its really kind of all over the board. When you think about 82 buildings in I think seven different markets here, its all over the board. But I would say where you look at the bulk of these assets are, the replacement cost is probably in the $120 to $130 range, something like that for new office building today. But I think Im not sure thats all  the whole thing is relevant. I think certainly thats partially rolled. But also the basis that we sold that at $107 a food is only about 84% leased. So to get that lease more, the basis is going to go up in those properties to prove those up to a more stabilized occupancy, as the economy of improves, which is what I assume is Blackstones intend with those. So its not just 107, there is going to be additional capital cost in there. And then I think again it will vary market by market, but $120 to $130 or $135 is probably a pretty good number.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: Thats great color, I appreciate. And thank you, guys for this disclosure in the supplemental on the NOI as well.
Denny Oklak: Thanks, Brendan.
Christie Kelly: Youre welcome, Brendon.
Operator: And well go to John Stewart with Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: Thank you. Denny, can give us the a rough break down in terms of the $250 million of acquisitions in the fourth quarter, between bulk industrial and medical office?
Denny Oklak: Yeah, I think that that will be probably actually I think in the fourth quarter is probably be about 50-50 between industrial acquisition and medical office acquisitions, weve actually found some very good medical office acquisitions and working with some of the hospital systems and some new hospital systems that where we believe well close in the fourth quarter. Weve already closed some industrial acquisitions during the quarter. So I think on a net-net basis, certainly roughly half and half.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: And have about from a market mix prospective?
Denny Oklak: Kind of all over. We did close, I think its been reported. We closed out a portfolio of industrial that was about $100 million and we closed that in October. And that was mostly in Chicago, there was own building in California and nine buildings in Chicago. And then weve got couple of buildings in Dallas, medical office properties are actually mostly in Texas. And so its pretty geographically diversified, but its really in our target markets, John.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: Thats helpful. Thank you. And I think you also referenced on occupancy due to some in the fourth quarter. Can you give us some color there and how big of a dip are you expecting?
Denny Oklak: Well, I think the color is, its just a couple, we have on large lease in Atlanta with a tenant that we now is going to move out and thats about 700,000 square feet. And then weve got some other ones that I would classify that we think are going to leaves that are more on the short-term basis, some in 250,000 square foot here in and 350 there. So when we look at the dip, it just really depends on how the leasing activity is in the fourth quarter. And just I would compare this back to the second quarter this year almost, John. We told everybody, we have some leases expiring in the second quarter and we anticipated our occupancy to go down. But leasing activity turned out to be terrific and we actually increased our overall occupancy in the second quarter. So I cant say and that we think thats going to happen again in the fourth quarter, but it would probably be in the  at the top end probably in the 100 basis points range at the most of a drop. And again if leasing activity is reasonable in the fourth quarter, it will probably less than that.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: Sure, understood. And would it be possible to get the cash mark-to-market on the releasing spreads during the quarter?
Denny Oklak: Thats we disclosed in the supplemental, John, we dont ever really calculate, we always to net effective rent, because for us we just think thats the better indicator because we got all the pre-rent periods and may be the lease that was expiring and the new lease. So we have always thought that that was a better indicator and thats what we disclose in the sub manual package.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: Okay. And then just lastly, Im curious, if youve gone an IRR in terms of your hold on the office portfolio that was sold to Blackstone?
Denny Oklak: No. Some of those pre0day meet, John.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: Okay.
Denny Oklak: (Inaudible). So we really didnt do that. Lot of that stuff, I would say probably most of the Columbus stuff was developed before we went public or a lot of it. So its kind of hard to track going back or back.
John Stewart  Green Street Advisors: Sure. Okay, thank you.
Denny Oklak: Thanks, John.
Operator: And next well go to Ross Nussbaum with UBS. Please go ahead.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Hi, everyone. Good afternoon.
Christie Kelly: Hi, Ross.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Can I dig into the election of portfolio a little more? How does the process work? Did they approach you or did you go to them?
Denny Oklak: Well I would say, I dont know quite how, quite hard to answer that. We just ended up talking to each other, let me put it that way I think. So 
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: How was the portfolio of cities selected? Did they say, hey, this is what we want or did you sort of say, hey, take a look at everything we got, tell us what you want.
Denny Oklak: Well, I think it was a negotiated process. It was  there was a lot of different discussions going on and it had to do with what cities they want, what cities we want to what city that may sense for us. One of the things I mentioned in the remarks was one of their requirements in understandably so was they didnt want us to cherry-pick a particular market. So they wanted to own all of our assets in that market, which makes perfect sense. And so we had  and then also one of the driving factors for us was what the use of our proceeds. As you see, we size this pretty much where I think its ideal for us because we can virtually redeploy the proceeds, as Christie said, 80% to 85% immediately. Meet some are helped on our leveraged metrics by the way and then do some of the acquisition and repositioning that were working on. So I think lot of it also had to do with the overall size of the portfolio in mixing and matching markets.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: I guess Im wondering if I looked out over the next well the 36 months, I do know what timeframe. Clearly Blackstones objective, theyre not a long-term holder, right? So they want to try to maximize their IRR over some three, four, five-year hold. So Im wondering what they saw in these assets as a buyer versus what you saw in your willingness to let these assets go versus others?
Denny Oklak: Well, thats an its an excellent question. And I think you ought to ask that question to Blackstone, because I dont think I can speak for them.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: So I would surmise that you were more comfortable with the permits that the assets that youre left with perhaps in your mind are better positioned for the future than then ones youve sold?
Denny Oklak: Well, I think I dont know if I would say that specifically. The couple things we have said as we have gone through this repositioning process is, we really wanted to get to that asset mix, our 60, 25, 15 and were sticking to that. And then we want to be in  there are certain market we definitely want to be in, places like Washington DC, Raleigh, South Florida, and you noticed we do not sell any assets in those markets. And then the rest of it is just short of the negotiation process of what works. Its not that easy to go out and do $1 billion-dollar transactions, because its just  its difficult. By the way, I said its pretty hard for a buyer to find and unleverage billion-dollars portfolio out there today. And then its also not really easy for us find a lot of billion-dollars buyers out there. So if you want to do a transaction like this, you kind of do some give-and-take and make sure just ultimately make sense for you. And I think this will make perfect sense for us in light of all those strategy and everything weve outlined.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Okay. And then Christie lastly, on the preferred that youre potentially going to be redeeming here. Help me understand the thinking there, because I sort of think that a sub-7% coupon on a press, isnt all that bad. And when I look out I think 2013, youve got a preferred with an 8 candle on it thats redeemable. So why not save the capital to take that one out and this one in place?
Christie Kelly: Ross, I think thats a great point. But it is as you look at our overall capital strategy, one the objectives that we had set out in achieving was to reduce our overall preferred as it relates to our total capital stat, and get that to about $500 million. So with that I had my eye on the redeemable not preferred, which were already took down in July, and the end as well, offers in nice alternative to help us get to our overall capital objective together with the house in 2013. So it does provide a good alternative for us and get us to our debt less preferred to under 775.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And next question from Dave Rodgers with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets: Christie talking about governors that you mentioned earlier I guess, in terms of the press dividend coverage or fix coverage. You looked continue to accelerate the program like you done here or will just the drag down little a more now, and so you feel little bit better leasing on that front?
Christie Kelly: From the leasing prospective, leasing is one of the primary drivers of the improvement on our fixed charge. And then the compliments if you will or the reduction in our overall preferred. So well continue on the task and you know be prudent, but as Denny had mentioned and as I given in the overall use of proceeds that if really does provide us to means to accelerate the execution of our asset in capital strategies, hence weve communicated and as well, with that achieve our deleveraging in this objective.
Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets: I guess further the question, well continue to see the same type of acceleration or is that more dependent on fundamental?
Denny Oklak: Well, I think, there is two pieces to it David, and one is the repositioning and then what floor we decide to use repositioning proceeds to change balance sheet and that one, I think it short up in air, just stands on what transaction to happen and then the other thing as Christie said on the coverage ratio, that will accelerate as quickly as we get our vacant space lease out. So I think thats really, yeah, and I think those are, both of little hard to predict on that, that quite sure exactly was what do you want say about that, but thats the way we look added.
Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Fair enough, and I think with regards to the Blackstone portfolio sales, did you have any often going position or were they any land position that were on the table with that part of the deal?
Denny Oklak: We do, we have some land in the most those markets, not all of them, of the total land position our investment is $80 million to $90 million in those markets. And we have the ability to go ahead and continue to develop on that land or whatever we decide to do with it.
Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Denny Oklak: Thanks.
Operator: And well have the line of Ki Bin Kim from Macquarie. Please cooperate.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Thank you. I just want to ask a couple more questions on the Blackstone deal. I guess first of all, how important was it in terms of what kind of actually it take that assets were encumbered.
Denny Oklak: Well, I think probably Ki Bin, I think this is really an organic question for Blackstone, Ki Bin, but Ill give you my thoughts. I think they were very interested when they talk to us that they could get such a large unencumbered portfolio, because as I said, its hard to do. And just looking out there today, everybody knows what todays interest rate, its pretty, you can get some pretty favorable financing. So Im assuming it was fairly important to them, but they have two really speak to that.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: And are the remaining assets unencumbered as low or the what do you have left (inaudible)?.
Denny Oklak: Its a combination of both. We use mostly unsecured debt, weve got some secured debt, but its not huge percentage of our overall debt still even after we get all done with this transaction. And again most of that debt has come from assets weve acquired and theyve had debt on them and we have assumed them. And then as we move down the road, we generally retired that debt and move it into the unsecured or equity piece.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Okay. So its actually a different way. Your remaining sub-urban office portfolio on that to undepreciated book value, what that percentage look like of finance  of secured debt, I should say.
Denny Oklak: I dont think we have it in total, I dont think we have it broken now by office. And I think in total its in the supplemental package right now. (Inaudible).
Christie Kelly: Thats 70-30.
Denny Oklak: Encumbered. So we just dont have that in front of us broken out to REIT office and industrial. But I guess what I would say is just sitting here thinking about  most of our office assets are still going to be unencumbered.
Christie Kelly: Thats correct.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Okay.
Christie Kelly: And from that perspective to Ki Bin, as you can imagine in getting the line approval, as well as in discussions with the rating agencies, the quality are remaining unencumbered pool, as we did in 09 and as we do today. Were very aware of and at least make sure to keep the integrity of that overall pool, and as well make sure that we have plenty of room on our covenant.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Okay. And just a couple more question on it. In total fund, qualitative effects or I mean effect of take a looking at agent credit quality from you saw versus what youve kept, how would that compared within the two portfolio?
Denny Oklak: I dont think, there is going to be much different, for the most part, Moltai Tennessee office buildings all around and engage there a little the remaining portfolio is a little bit newer in this. So I dont think there is any change in our Tennessee quality mix.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: And I guess one part the reason, I would say because the MOI margins for you were saw regular you keeping seem very different? I want to indicate some pricing color on that?
Denny Oklak: Well again you know every market is different, and you know some markets have higher expenses related to the net rather gross, we are lookout it some of them have lower  so I think its just really a combination of lot of factors and it doesnt necessarily mean anything specific. Have you can see from our subliminal package the way we broke up the NOI and the how much NOI is going to be related to our remaining portfolio and how much we defeat that is so. Again in that, this kind of office portfolio we it can very pretty greatly on a NOI (inaudible) based on cities and a lot of different things.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Yeah, am I referring to the margins. The margin differential specifically? And is that maybe because of what will you keeping is more vertical on versus more they sold few that be with a current payment?
Denny Oklak: You know, I dont  probably of valid question (inaudible) think we can answer that, right now, I dont have any answer for that.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Okay.
Denny Oklak: Will look it that.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: And then kind of last quick question on your development yields, how you quote is that free right down of land or?
Denny Oklak: Well, on the developed land we did it right any down. As you recall a couple of years ago when we looked at our land portfolio we took about of third of it. And identified it for sale and we didnt take any payment charge on that land and we were working our way through this closing of that land. Just way the accounting rules work on the development land, there  you just (inaudible) ever get into the payment charge so all the development yields at our basically on a period basis.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Okay, thank you guys.
Christie Kelly: Thanks, Stephen.
Operator: And well go back to Michael Bilerman with Citi. Please go ahead.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: Yes. Denny, I wonder how many of these assets came from Weeks merger? It was a joke, it was joke.
Denny Oklak: Always, I will give you the exact number, I would say few, a few.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: Maybe just turning to the medical office portfolio for a second. With everything is going on in healthcare, have do you sort of feel about that piece of the portfolio, obviously youre seeing the strong growth as the straight line runs and burnt off in the developments. So where do you sort of stand and whats the market environment like?
Denny Oklak: Well, we feel very good about that piece of the business. And I would say, the marketing environment is still good. I think just like other areas of the economy, there is plenty of uncertainty in the healthcare business now. One of the trends that weve mentioned I think that everybody before that were seeing is the acquisition of physician practices by up hospital healthcare systems, thats still going on and I think that has the tendency to slow down some decisions, because what happens is, a hospital may won an on-campus medical office building. And as you know, most of what we do is on-campus. And they want to take some, but they also want to bring in some doctors, so part of process to negotiate in the medical office building is which physician practices are they going to acquire and putt in that building. So it just takes a little bit longer to work through some of those things today than may be did a while back. So I think thats one trend were seeing. But I think overall, business is very solid, we continue to see development opportunities as we pointed out. We started several projects this year and have more in the pipeline. So were pleased and thats still going to be a great piece of our business as we go forward. As I mentioned, after this transaction, it will be about 10% of our overall assets that we wanted keep continue to grow that, after the 15% range.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: And then where do you think just overall on development, the pipeline today is $125 million with its about $60 million left the fund, and you obviously delivered some projects already this year. Where do you sort of see the pipeline overall across each of the sectors youre operating in running over the next 12 months?
Denny Oklak: Well, so far the primary piece of the development pipeline has been medical office and over the last probably 18 months that is by far the majority of what we have and including even this quarter. But for we didnt, as we mentioned we signed the deal to starts a build-to-suit a headquarters building for primary get down in Atlanta, which is pretty significant project at 60 some million and, I think the build-to-suit projects today are probably going to be sort of few and far between, there may be one here, there are like that. But I do think, the both industrial Mike sense is, its going to pick up a little bit, getting into 2012 on the built-to-suit I think. There are seems to be a little bit more discussion and activity on the built-to-suit out there now. But I would say in 2012, I would still say the majority of our starts, who going to be on the medical office side.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: And then stuff  that came in the first and second quarter, where do those yield stand today versus when you sort of reach stabilization session that going to be additive FFO over the next 12 to 24 months.
Denny Oklak: Are you talking about acquisitions or development?
Michael Bilerman  Citi: At the development, I mean most of offices fully leased I still know if there is going to be a big gap impact. So looking at the page 29 of the supplemental.
Denny Oklak: I dont think any of those projects individually are going to have a real significant impact Michael, obviously when there are 100% leased that reasonably good yields here, and even in todays market, are there going to have a positive impact dollars when they do come in to service so.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: My last question just in terms of, I will ask one on the Blackstone portfolio, when and do appreciate the information on page 17. I assuming you look at the annualized third quarter NOI versus the annualized nine months NOI, you obviously get a different perspective given in the NOI in the third quarter was a lot higher than the annualized income for the first nine months. So here eight and half cash yield with 3Q results are $91 million of that NOI in Europe sort of it, 815 yield on nine months annualized or $88 million to NOI. So its anything particular going on in the portfolio in the third quarter are in the nine months, that what skew that one were in the other?
Denny Oklak: Well, the answer is no, not really, we either look at the occupancy for the average occupancy for the nine months versus 13 months and its pretty close. My only comment there would be is I think we have always cautioned everybody about looking at quarterly information and we have said that about same-store growth many time because just things can happen in a three months periods, that push things up or down. And it might been in the longer that periods of look at the better view we get, Now that doesnt mean Im saying it the lower cap rate Im just saying that, look we put the numbers out there up in front of you. So this is just a representative cap rate of what the transaction is. And again as I said, there is a lot of different way to count. And so I think just gets everybody in the ballpark.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: Well, I guess when you look at is the  your remaining sub-urban office portfolio itself a different story, right. So you look at the Blackstone portfolio, the third quarter annualized NOI is up 4% relative to the nine months annualized where there is a stuff that you cap is down 2%. So did there something going on between the two pieces? So I dont know, maybe its better to think about exemplary of budgets and all the properties, thinking about it on a 12 months forward basis, if you had NOI forecast for the entire sub-urban office portfolio. What would the NOI be under that scenario so that we can start honing in as too really what the cap rate of the portfolio is? Whats happening with it? It was strange to see the Blackstone peace go up 4% on an annualized basis and the rest of the stuff you have got down 2%, which then just somewhat called into question, whether there was something happening in the third quarter, with either in the stuff thats on your books or the stuff that youre selling?
Denny Oklak: Again, I just  two things I would say. One, I would caution you as you look at quarterly information because there can just be a lot of different things in the quarterly information that causes SKU, because youve got, you could have at least exploration, you could have at least burning off, kicking in during the quarter maybe one month end the quarter or half of month at the end of the quarter. So those kind of things can affect it. And the other thing I wish to add although is we had good leasing activity in that particular portfolio in the third quarter, sort of late second but throughout the third. Quarters. So those several bigger deals, I mentioned some of those bigger office deals on  in the prepared remarks and you know several those we are in that portfolio. So we did have some pretty good leasing activity in that portfolio. But again if I look at it, I dont think there is anything specific that I point out other than maybe that they had pretty strong leasing activity there.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: I said if there was a tax refund or  maybe there is something one time in the third quarter result from that portfolio, just make the pricing but better. So I was just trying to see if there anything else that was within there?
Denny Oklak: Well, I dont think theres anything were really aware of as of today, Michael. As I mentioned, once we close this transaction, well have to do a little bit more of role up reporting on it. So  but definitely as we look through there, something comes to our attention, well certainly let everybody know.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: Great. Thank you much.
Denny Oklak: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: And with no further questions, Ill turn it back to presenters for any closing comments.
Denny Oklak: Okay. Thank you very much. Everyone. And we hope to see you all in a couple of weeks out at NAREIT. And then we look forward to talk to you again in January. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does concludes your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 15:00:00) =====
Executives:  Christie Kelly  EVP and CFO Dennis Oklak  Chairman and CEO
Analysts:  James Feldman  Bank of America Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie Josh Attie  Citi Steven Frankel  Green Street Advisors Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs Ross Nussbaum  UBS Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank Michael Carroll  RBC Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Duke Realty Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Christie Kelly. Please go ahead, sir.
Christie Kelly: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Denny Oklak, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Mark Denien, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we make our prepared remarks, let me remind you that the statements we make today are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. For more information about those risk factors, we would refer you to our December 31, 2010 10-K that we have on file with the SEC. And now for our prepared statement, Ill turn it over to Denny Oklak.
Dennis Oklak: Thank you, Christy. Good afternoon everyone. Today I will highlight some of our key accomplishments during the quarter in both our assets and operational strategies. Christie will then address our second quarter financial performance and progress on our capital strategy. We finished this quarter with a solid month in June making it an excellent operational quarter overall. The performance is primarily driven by a strong leasing activity across several markets particularly on the bulk industrial side. The completion of Premier portfolio acquisition in South Florida in our office joint venture transaction with CBRE Realty Trust nearly ended the first quarter provide significant momentum for us on our asset repositioning strategy. While the second quarter was a little slower on the acquisition and disposition front, Im pleased with our continued progress and repositioning in the second quarter. From a macroeconomic perspective most of the news continues to be somewhat negative. Job growth is slowing, GDP growth is below earlier projections and uncertainty continues in many areas. These factors are affecting our business but there is also some positive news. Net absorption was again positive for the industrial sector nationally during the second quarter. Vacancies continued to decline in most markets across the country. New to government starts remain at historic lows but there is some talk of limited new to government occurring later this year. Overall, this sector continues to improve and the trend for the rest of the year appears positive. The office business continue to be challenging but there are also some positive signs. Overall, our rents are holding are beginning to improve slightly as indicated by our positive rent spread this quarter. We are seeing more customers being active but this is still going to be a slow haul for the suburban office recovery in most markets. From a Duke Realty perspective, Im very pleased to report that we were actually able to improve many of our key operating metrics during the quarter. Total portfolio occupancy increased to 89.3%, which is our highest level since early 2005. Our in-service occupancy of 89.2% is the highest since 2007. As I noted on our last couple of calls, we are aware of the few large terminations in our industrial portfolio in the first half of the year. Many of these expirations occurred during the second quarter but new activity was solid as we signed over 4.6 million square feet of new leases this quarter. In total, we signed over 8.1 million square feet of leases including renewals, which is our best quarter of total leasing activity ever if you exclude leasing and new development projects. We renewed 61% of our leases during the quarter. This tenant retention rate was low by our normal standards but as I mentioned many of these spaces were back filled with new tenants and overall we had an occupancy increase. We experienced a 1.6% roll down in net effective rents overall most of  with most of the roll down coming in the industrial renewals. Keep in mind that many of these leases that are rolling now were signed at the peak of the market in 2006 and 2007. We expect rent spreads continue to be challenging for the rest of the year but we believe you will see traction in rates on the industrial side as vacancy rates continue to decline. We also achieved positive same-property NOI for the three and 12 months ended June 30th of 0.5% and 1.5% respectively. These positive results were driven by increases in occupancy and the burn-off of some free rent. Now let me touch on some of the key activity within each product type for the quarter. As I noted industrial seems to be picking up across most markets. This seems to be especially true of larger modern big box spaces, which bolds well for us. This was evident in the fact that we completed over four million square feet of new industrial leases. We were able to increase our industrial portfolio occupancy to 90.6% as of June 30th; some of our larger deals this quarter included a 405,000 square foot lease in Atlanta to substantially back-fill a portion of our another tenant that expired this quarter. A 551,000 square foot lease in Chicago to take an entire building that had been occupied by another tenant on a month-to-month basis. A 263,000 square foot lease with a tenant in Dallas our Point West VI building and two long-term leases in St. Louis totaling 238,000 square feet. The office leasing environment remained slow as we expected. Office leasing always like industrial and we continue to believe well not see a noticeable improvement until we see a greater broad based job growth. We were able to maintain our office occupancy at 85.4%. We were also able to renew 84% of our office spaces and actually achieved a positive growth in that effective rents. Along with several key renewals we signed some of our larger new office leases included an 80,000 square foot expansion for a tenant in Cincinnati, 30,000 square foot lease with the GSA in Cleveland and the 34,000 square foot lease in, in the 3630 Peachtree project in Atlanta, which is now 45% leased. On the medical office front leasing activity and development opportunities continued to gain traction, our medical office portfolio occupancy increased to 85.9% as of June 30th and we expect to start several new development projects yet this year. Im pleased to report that leasing momentum is continuing into the third quarter. In July we signed a 450,000 square foot bulk industrial lease in Nashville. This space have been vacant for sometime and takes our Nashville occupancy to over 95%. Now our total progress on our asset strategy. From an acquisition perspective pricing on most deals that we have pursued has been aggressive, as cap rates for high quality, industrial assets remained low. Were continuing to stay true to our strategy and remain patient and disciplined with regard to acquisitions. Our sense is that industrial cap rates are bottoming in the 6% to 6.5% range in most major distribution markets and even slightly lower than that in a few. We acquired over a $116 million of the properties during the second quarter, almost all which were flat to bulk industrial buildings in key distribution markets. These acquisitions included the final three industrial buildings from the Premier acquisition in South Florida. We also acquired a 323 square foot industrial building located in suburban Los Angeles that is 100% lease to a single tenant. This building represents our operating asset in the Southern California market. As you know cap rates were low in Southern California and our pricing on this asset was in the low 5% range but this is really a great asset. Properties fully leads to a single tenant it is located in the south based submarket only 12 miles from the port and is one of only seven buildings over 300,000 square feet in this submarket. The occupancy in all of these buildings is 100% and its over 95% in the entire submarket. We also acquired two portion leased new with the stress bulk assets. One is Phoenix and one in Savannah. Were optimistic about our chances to lease remaining portion of these buildings quickly as positive net absorption has been strong in Phoenix and the port of Savannah is operating at record levels. These acquisitions further are repositioning strategy. Compared to the last few quarters our disposition activity this quarter was a little light. We generated 58 million of proceeds from the disposition of six properties. We are seeing stronger demand for our dispositions as a financing markets improved and we continue to have confident and ability to continue the reduction of our suburban office investment. On the new development front, activity remains somewhat slow, weve had a number of discussions occurring on bulk industrial build to suit opportunities and on campus MOBs but these projects are taking a long time to negotiated and commence as our customers navigate the economic and legislative uncertainties. As we previously noted we are not really looking at spec development but there are a couple of markets where we believe there will be some speculative starts in the second half of the year on the bulk industrial side. These include some submarkets in Southern California and in Houston. The real question on new spec development today is going to be one of the projected yields based on the trust market rental ways. So overall were very pleased with our second quarter. And now Ill turn the call over to Christie.
Christie Kelly: Thanks Dennis and good afternoon everyone. As Denny mentioned Id like to provide an update on our second quarter financial performance and progress on our capital strategy. Im pleased to report that our second quarter 2011 core FFO was $0.29 per share a penny per share above the first quarter. Our core earnings from rental operations remained stable, even as we continue repositioning our asset mix. The strong leasing activity that Denny touched on earlier is a key driver of the current stability and future growth in our core earnings from rental operations. Our service operations continue to produce strong results driven in large part from the progress on the BRAC project in Washington D.C. which is moving to completion later this year. We also had a strong backlog of projects by the service operations business a few of which discussed already this quarter. We continue to focus on our overall operating results and the capital expenditures necessary to grow our business. For the quarter, our AFFO per share was $0.22 which translates into a conservative payout ratio 77% and our year-to-date payout ratio its slightly 83%. On the capital transaction side, we continued to have success matching our distribution proceeds with our capital needs for acquisitions and development. As I have said before our strategy is to use our line of credit for only short term needs and only in limited amounts. Im pleased to say that we have a zero balance on our line of credit as of June 30th and a cash balance of $118 million. We continue to look at acquisitions, development and capital opportunities to reinvest this cash. As Im sure you saw on July 18th we redeemed the remaining amount of our series end preferred shares that had a coupon of ten in a quarter percent for $109 million. This transaction will have a positive effect on FFO and on our capital strategy management. Our debt maturities for the remainder of 2011 is very manageable $312 million. We will fund these maturities through the use of proceeds from asset sales or refinancing with unsecured bonds. We continue to stay focused on maintaining and improving our balance sheet, our fixed charge coverage ratio has improved to 1.82 times from 1.79 times at year end 2010. Net debt to EBITDA improved to 6.67 times from 7.31 times at year end while debt to gross assets remained at 46%. Im also pleased to report that this week Moodys Investor Service reaffirmed our Baa2 rating and improved our outlook to stable. This is a stronger question of the progress we have made on our capital strategy. We will have additional opportunities to improve our balance sheet as we continue to execute on our operating in assets strategies. And with that Ill turn it back over to Denny.
Dennis Oklak: Thanks Christie. As I mentioned in my opening remarks there is still a tremendous amount of uncertainty in this economy. While there was a slowdown across many of the drivers of real estate demand during the first half of the year our portfolio held up nicely and we even increased occupancy and produced solid operating results. We are pleased with the results so far for 2011 and are optimistic about the remainder of the year. We continue to produce positive results in all three components of our strategy, operations, asset and capital. We remain disciplined on our approach and are progressing nicely and on schedule to ultimately reposition our portfolio to 60% bulk industrial, 25% suburban office and 15% medical office. We have the balance sheet to be able to quickly react to opportunities and well continue to strengthen it over time. Finally, with the solid first six months of the year, we reaffirm our core FFO guidance of $1.06 to $1.18 per share for 2011. Thank you again for joining us today and now well open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from the line of Jamie Feldman, Bank of America. Please go ahead.
James Feldman  Bank of America: Thank you. I mean I guess Denny starting out with your discussion of kind of macro themes and it sounds like in your  the first thing you said on the call is that they are having an impact but theyre offset by others. But then as you spoke more it sounded like youre really not seeing an impact. So, kind of what are you watching to see where you can start to see some push-back given what were seeing in the economy? What are kind of the signs of things going down that youre watching for?
Dennis Oklak: Well Jamie, what we  the main thing we really watch is just our overall leasing activity. Were pretty much on top of that. We get a weekly report of all of the prospects at our major vacancies. We review that monthly with our senior team and more often on an individual market basis. So thats really what is I think initial indicator to us whether activity is really slowing down, how does our prospect list look or how are our  the activity for our in-house leasing bodes. And again so far we have to say that its held up pretty well. Our occupancy continues to tick up a little bit, as I mentioned we signed a big lease down in Nashville in July, so right now we havent seen any kind of significant impact in my opinion on a downward trend in leasing from the things that have been going in the economy over the last 60 days. So I think thats a good sign. And truthfully the summer is generally a little bit slower time for us and we probably expect to August to be a little bit slow, but so far so good. The other time that I may just in general is on the development side, it really is slow as weve seen and it continues to be, there is more discussions going on now, but its just really hard to get folks to convert and get signed get project started. But I think weve got some opportunity to do a few things in the second half of the year.
James Feldman  Bank of America: Okay and then I guess focusing on medical office business; do you see any kind of fallout from the budget issues in Washington and just funding to that part of the economy?
Christie Kelly: No actually were seeing  we are starting to feel more optimistic about that piece of the business on the development side. Some of the larger hospital systems are beginning to free-up more funds for new development type projects and Id just call expansion projects. Weve seen a couple announced recently with some of our major clients. So I think again that business is going to start picking up I think in the second half of the year.
James Feldman  Bank of America: Okay and then finally can you tell us the yields and the acquisitions you completed during the quarter or may be your projected IRRs?
Christie Kelly: Well I think I disclosed the yields in our supplemental package and overall we were at about an average 6.78  6.77 I guess average yield at the end of the second quarter. As I mentioned that included about a third of that I would say was from our California acquisition, which was in the low five cap rate range.
James Feldman  Bank of America: Okay. All right, thank you.
Christie Kelly: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: I just want to follow up on that last statement. Was it you said you bought Lynwood in California for a low five cap rate? When you do  when you buy an asset like that what kind of growth assumption there are you putting in there and are the leases coming due pretty quickly?
Christie Kelly: That was as I said the single tenant thats the only tenant thats ever been in that building. The buildings, I think maybe eight or nine years old maybe a little over than that. And their lease goes for about another three years. It has some bumps. We think today they are in probably 10% or 15% below market rents.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Okay. And going back to your kind of tenant retention ratio it fall up quite a bit and 2.1 million square feet vacated typically where those tenants going or are they just kind of closing off shop or downsizing?
Christie Kelly: Well first of all I would say again this goes back to what we said at the beginning of the year that we had some larger industrial tenants that were leaving during the first half of the year, lot of those were in the second quarter. And most of those, some of those folks I think left because of consolidation and some relocation. There probably was a little bit of downsizing in that but mostly it was either relocation. And just for example, we had a 600,000 square foot tenant down in Atlanta who basically terminated their lease and, because they needed a larger building and they ended up moving into a larger basically build a suite for them. So, we have 600,000 square feet go dark there in May, but we signed the lease in June for 407,000 to 600,000.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Okay. And the last question. On your development yield on page, it looks like the yields in 2000 are your projects that you finished in 2010 the expected yields went down maybe 30 bps 30 or 40 bps I was wondering if you provide a little color on that?
Christie Kelly: Yeah. Well we did  we have kind of not a whole lot go into service in the second quarter. And I think it was really just couple of projects and mostly is medical office projects so I think went into service. I think, I dont think there is anything specific there keep an I think its just timing. Were still I would say on the new development side in the industrial business even though we havent started one here for a while, I think the yields are pretty much where we have been saying probably in the 7% in three quarters to 8.5% range on industrial build a suite type projects. Again and most of the medical office were in the somewhere between 8% and 9% depending on size the location as well as quality of the hospital system. Again most of the development were doing now is on the medical office side of the business and those projects are really with very highly rated tenant customers in the hospital. So, those yields are probably a little bit lower than weve historically seen this.....
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: All right.
Christie Kelly: Hesitant tenant mix.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Okay, thanks. And in your opening remarks you mentioned that you think, industrial cap rates and on the average material area was about 66.5. Can you give one for office where you think those cap rates are?
Christie Kelly: Well, we havent seen a whole lot office trades to be honest with you. So I would still say, in most of our markets, I think there is probably been some trade in some of the major markets, one where weve seen some trade to be in Washington DC where weve seen some step trade actually on the office side in the 6% to 6.5% cap rate range. And weve sold some stuff in probably 8% to 8.5% cap rate range. But, they are mostly one-off buildings here, so there is just isnt a whole lot trading there right now.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Okay, thank you.
Christie Kelly: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi. Please go ahead.
Josh Attie  Citi: Hi, thanks its Josh Attie with Michael. How much of the positive same-store growth that you reported, do you think is being driven by the lease up of some of the developments that were delivered late in the last cycle and had some vacancy or maybe in other way to ask it. You identified 40 million NOI opportunity last year for leasing up those assets. How much of that is still an opportunity versus how much of that has been realized.
Dennis Oklak: Well let me address the first part and I think Christie can help on the second part. But its really not much again when you think about it Michael, the way we do it is once the project either, what we call stabilize which is over 90% leased or its one year. It really goes into that population. So, most of those projects have been in here for quite a long time now that population has really gotten leased up pretty well and so I would say that the growth from  there certainly is just a little bit in there from the lease up and then the newly developed properties. But I would say its a very, very minor piece in that growth right now.
Christie Kelly: And just to answer your question, one of the things that we do, this is a matter of routine track. The progress on that population is building and specifically the rent on the leases that have been executed for that population building now is in the tune of $17 million. So we are making some good progress.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steven Frankel, Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Steven Frankel  Green Street Advisors: Couple of questions regarding the asset repositioning strategy, first of all, its the building you guys bought in Lynwood where you peck replacement cost and where do you peck land value more specifically for that building?
Dennis Oklak: We think replacement cost, Steve we didnt really look at the land value specifically because as you know thats pretty an infill market there. But we paid replacement cost there right around probably 120 bucks a foot something like that because you said its infill and same closer to the board.
Steven Frankel  Green Street Advisors: Okay. In your starting as you said like a low-5 type yield from what you were saying earlier it sounds like the tenant is paying a below market rent. What do you think the type of higher R you are going to achieve on that asset and how does that compare with other deals that you think we might see you guys do in South California going forward?
Christie Kelly: Well, we dont really look at them as much on an IRR basis because then you have to just make all kinds of assumptions about your ultimate time period youre going to hold and your disposition cap rates but again we think thats a low five yield growing up into the high five low sixes as a tenant rolls. We have seen some good rental rate increases out there in Southern California. Again what we said about Southern California is its a market we want to be in. We are going to be part of that market, its not going to be a huge number for us as we go forward but we think its great as part of that repositioning strategy as we move through some of the office dispositions to be active in that market and own some assets. And then I think going forward again that market fluctuate a little bit over the last couple of years but when you look at what where the yields have been I think theyve been into that in that 5% to 6% range for a quite a bit of the time over the last four, five years.
Steven Frankel  Green Street Advisors: Great. And then just a question on the office dispositions as you guys know that the environment and I guess the financing environment it sounds like from your guys perception its coming back which should help with the disposition strategy going forward but the CMBS market secured financing market from live companies and others has bounced back quite a bit year-to-date. What do you think going to take for the volume to get there just more equity chasing suburban office versus industrial or something else?
Christie Kelly: Yeah I think there is a couple of things that we are seeing I think there is probably two different types of dispositions well do there. One is smaller runoff single asset or two or three asset portfolios and were seeing quite a fair amount of interest in that on both the equity side and the debt side right now. The banks were getting back in to the lending business on that, so I think and those probably are going to be part of the CMBS market really Steve they will be just bank loans, and we are seeing activity pickup. And then I think the other area there we would be doing some kind of a larger portfolio may be even a multi-city portfolio and that would be contingent I think on some type of large CMBS financing and as youve said that market has come back, I think recently there might have been a couple of blips, but I think its still in pretty good shape right now. And I think there is equity beginning to look at some of those larger portfolios and I think I had mentioned this back in June and we talk to everybody as may read. I think there may be some opportunity for a larger portfolio sales week as the market improves.
Steven Frankel  Green Street Advisors: Great thank you.
Operator: Next question you comes from the line of Sloan Bohlen, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs: Hi, still one question for Denny, you had some comments about some pretty good demand for big space within bulk industrial, Im wondering if you can may be reconcile with I guess the slow activity in the build-to-suit or respective element area, it is a matter of those bigger tenants being opportunistic in terms of moving around for space and may be you can just elaborate on that?
Dennis Oklak: Yeah I think Sloan what we are seeing is the activity that weve seen has been strong as it has been in what I would call the larger spaces, anywhere from 200,000 to 600,000 or 800,000 even and today I think some of those larger tenants are taking advantage of the vacancies in the market and the lower rental rates potentially to do some consolidation today or even grow. Were seeing growth in number of our clients. So I do think thats the big part of it. Now when you look around now in many markets, a lot of that large book space that was available and a lot of which was built right at the end of the last cycle has been leased up. So there is number of markets a lack of that big space so thats why Im saying I think in a couple of markets, well start to see some spec development. I also think which is typical from this point in the cycle coming out of the downturn you will see some of these distribution companies focus on build-to-suit opportunities because there isnt that availability of the larger spaces. And were seeing that really again from a discussion point of view but its just hard to get everything done and signup.
Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And is there enough critical mass of that type of demand out there to start pushing rents even for smaller space across your portfolio?
Christie Kelly: I dont think so to be honest with you. I think its still going to be a while before we see rents start to push and that was really the essence of my comment remarks. I think what well see today is one when a customer does need a build-to-suit the yields will be reasonably good on those and by that I mean, in the 8 to 8.75 range on a bulk industrial building. But I think what was the real decision is going to be tough I think for developers once they start looking at the spec product today is what are the rental rates that are really out there in the market today and what kind of yield can they get on those development because I think its going to be pretty hard right now to pencil out spec development with todays normal rates in almost any market and how far do you think the GAAP is if you know those rates needed.
Christie Kelly: I would say were probably 20% off.
Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs: Okay, okay thats very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum with UBS. Please go ahead.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Hi everybody good afternoon.
Christie Kelly: Hi Ross.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Two questions first on the portfolio mix what is your timeline at this point for getting to your idea of portfolio mix?
Christie Kelly: Well the timeline is weve laid out has been through 2013 and I think obviously weve made pretty good progress and were probably ahead of that phase. But I  I see it really just depends on the market activity thats available out there, and where we can be successful mostly on the acquisition and dispositions are here thats that truly been work a lot of our repositioning has been, the medical office will probably continue to be through mostly through new development opportunities as that pipeline continues to be solid in growth. Right now I think the industrial increase will be more through the acquisition side and obviously dispositions us some of its further office assets. So I think it really just depends on how the market is as Ive said its got a little bit tighter, the bulk industrial side. So weve done a few deals, but weve slowed down some there just because of where pricing is. But again ebbs and flows. And then I also think there is some up again more interest and more activity on the suburban office side now than weve seen in quite a while, so were still hoping to be able to get to those percentages optimistically before 2013, but again I think were very comfortable of being  get being  able to get to those no later than 2013.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: So, if I wanted to put some dollar terms around it, what from a disposition standpoint over the next 24, 30 months or so would you need to be selling on suburban office to get to these numbers?
Dennis Oklak: Weve got to do about  its kind of between $1 billion and $1.2 billion of suburban office dispositions and roughly a like amount of maybe a little bit less of industrial acquisitions or development and then about 400  $300 million to $500 million lets say of medical office acquisitions or development over that 24-month period.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Okay. Second topic, your earnings guidance, if I heard correctly you reiterated your guidance of  it was $1.06 to $1.18...
Dennis Oklak: Yes.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Based on the first half run rate, your  youd be pushing into the upper end of that range. What would take you to the lower end? In other words, what gets that number that you reported this quarter meaningfully lower?
Dennis Oklak: Well, I think if you look at it what we do is give you guidance at the beginning of the year in a range that we think will be for the year and obviously when youre given guidance its early in the year. There are a lot of variables as we mentioned earlier this year with those industrial expirations that we have. And then we just have a tendency really not to change it during the year at least until later in the year when we feel like we can maybe narrow that guidance and give you a little bit more clue, so were comfortable that were within the guidance. If you look at the range of estimates that we provide and we tried at the beginning of the year. We are probably trending towards the optimistic range in most of those numbers. But again, with just all the uncertainty out there we just did really feel like there was a need to change it this quarter at all and were very comfortable with where we are.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Is it fair to say that there is nothing on the transactional front or the fundamental front that would cause you run rate to be falling 14% I mean, wed have to fall 14% sort of and into the back half of the year to get to that lower end  the bottom-end of the range, it doesnt seem like its going to happen?
Christie Kelly: I would say that as Denny mentioned Ross, that we are just not in a practice of changing our guidance. I mean, weve been following that practice for many years now. And, were going to continue to do that.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: If Im trying to narrow it for you?
Christie Kelly: (inaudible) understand. And weve got strong momentum.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao, Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank: Hi everyone. Just had a question regarding your comment about the leases rolling now that were in the, signing the 2006-2007 period, can you just give us a sense of what percentage of the leases that were renewed this quarter were from that vintage and whats left in the overall portfolio?
Christie Kelly: Yes, sure. I think I would say probably 80% of those leases that rolled this quarter were in that 2006-2007 range, particularly on the industrial side. And, when you look at our overall portfolio its; probably we have a very balanced lease exploration schedule. And so we run between 10%and 12% may be 8% to 12% of leases expiring each year. So if you look back there was probably not a whole lot of our portfolio thats left out there in those years because what matured has rolled and we may have a little bit in the second half of this year and a little headed in the next year but its probably less than 50% of our portfolio that were in those years.
Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank: And because I am just trying to understand it, it sounds like you expect this leasing to be  pricing to be challenged through the rest of the year, but if that peak year leases are kind of mostly down at this point, I guess, when would you expect that spread to get more positive?
Dennis Oklak: Well, I think weve said particularly on the industrial side, I think its going to be negative for the rest of this year. If  there is really two things that have to happen again as youre intermitting here the  it depends on when the lease was signed and its rolling now. So as you get out in the morning 08 leases signed, and late 07 early 08 those were rental rates raised already starting to drop then. And then again going forward rental rates are going to start going up. Again our sense is as the bulk product gets continues to get  we have higher occupancy in which when you look through our portfolio and the geographic concentration almost all of our markets in the industrial side now are above the 90%, just two or three, I think out there that arent. So we are really in good shape and I think as that holds for a while that occupancy holds, we will start to see some upward trends on the brand from where we are today. And thats probably going to happen in 2012.
Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of David Rodgers with RBC. Please go ahead.
Michael Carroll  RBC: Hi, its Mike Carroll here. Can you add a little color around your current land holding, how sites could support industrial development and where are those sites concentrated at?
Christie Kelly: Well weve really got a land throughout the system, weve got industrial land and basically all of our markets, I would say with  with the exception of South Florida. And obviously have a little bit of office land, but over 70% of the land that we have today available for future development in on the industrial side. So, today on the industrial square footage, we can do over 40 million square feet of new development on the land that we own. And lot of thats concentrated in some of our major Midwest distribution markets we got in Indianapolis and Columbus and Chicago. So, we really got land available all over for industrial development.
Michael Carroll  RBC: Okay, and then on the transaction side, do you see any large portfolios on the market that you be interested in buying are mostly single assets?
Christie Kelly: No weve seen some larger portfolios be marketed so far this year in the first six months. And a couple of comments on those, I would say most of those that we saw were of mixed quality on the industrial side. And by that I mean there was really good assets and good markets and then there was  those were combined with some markets you wouldnt want to be in and some lower quality assets. So whats typically happening these days is the sellers in the sellers brokers world solicit offers on all or any pieces in parts of those larger portfolios. So we have on few of those larger portfolios, we made some offers on pieces and parts that we would like that fit in strategically with us and/or the quality of the assets that we want to own, but interestingly enough so far on those portfolios there is been at least one bidder for the entire portfolio and most of the time obviously the seller would like to sell to a single buyer or possible just makes transaction easier, so we have seen some of those transactions trade in whole and we just werent interested in the whole package. So we have been successful on those so far.
Michael Carroll  RBC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brendan Maiorana with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: Thanks good afternoon. Hi guys, so I just want to circle back to California and just get a better understanding of what your outlook is for that market over the next several years given, you did the one transaction, its relatively modest in size and I think its $38 million low finds cap rate, you kind of  I think you closed down the office you had out there a few years ago, took a charge, but now you are back in that market, what do you think is the market opportunity, what you think you can invest in there over the next few years and what are kind of the returns that you are expect to get?
Christie Kelly: Yes well first of all youre right thats the first asset that weve really acquired. We do have one land development side out there in Tino that we own for several years and we can do about 400,000 square feet on it at the appropriate time. And we have made a lot of offers, I would say over the last 12 to 18 months out in Southern California and been close on acquiring some other assets but thats  this was our first successful bid. Again its just key distribution market for the country and its a place that Duke Reality has a one of the larger distribution companies in the country should be we believe. And I think but that doesnt mean its going to be 20% of our portfolio or anything like that its not going to be. Weve said kind of in the $200 million to $300 million range in total over time. I think cap rates are probably bottomed out a little bit. They may come back a little bit as there is a little less money chase and stuff out there. But again if you look back historically into cap rates in Southern California, they fluctuate a little bit but they dont fluctuate too far off of where they are today. And its really a matter of how people are perceiving where the rents are. I mean if the rents are  if people are perceiving the rents are going to be growing than the cap rates go down. They think rents were sort of topped out and the cap rates go back up which is very logical how that works. And so weve seen that again through this cycle. But were going to keep looking at opportunities out there. And again I think its maybe 3% to 5% of our overall portfolio or something like that ultimately.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: I mean its, its understandable that I guess, you want to be in that market given the importance to the overall distribution market nationally but $200 million to $300 million on a $7 billion portfolio doesnt really do that much. So is it worth it kind of paying a 5 cap and for pricing that tends to be pretty strong out there all the time relative to the other markets where you can more scale of returns seems to be a little bit higher?
Christie Kelly: Well it is worth it for us because what having a presence theyre does is it drives more business your way. We are working with our major customers and they have an opportunity in Southern California. You want them to be thinking about you particularly on the development side. And theyre not really going to think about you unless you have some kind of a presence there. So I think long-term its very important for us to be there.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: Okay. Fair enough and then I just had a couple of more specific questions probably for Christie. Christie the dispositions that you provide the disposition cap rates that you provide I think are stabilized without giving kind of specific going out cap rates or the actual NOI loss that youre getting or the yield going out the door is that higher or lower than the stabilized cap rates that youre reporting?
Christie Kelly: Its lower Brendan.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: Okay. So the, youre effectively marking the occupancy opportunity at a stabilized number and these assets might have occupancy lower?
Christie Kelly: Thats correct.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: Okay. Thats helpful. And then in terms of the contractor fee line item which I think the contractor fees you guys have mentioned it typically 15 million to 25 million sort of on a normalized run rate but I think also in that line item now youre including fees that you get for managing the CVRT venture and some of the other joint ventures. Do you have, can you give us a sense of what the other fees of even kind of the contractor revenue and the stuff that BRAC and Baylor thats going to roll off what are those other fees are contributing today?
Christie Kelly: The other fees Brendan are a smaller portion but as a result of CVRT its probably in the order of magnitude of 15%.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: Okay. 15%, okay. Okay. Okay, I think thats all. All right. Thank you.
Christie Kelly: Thanks.
Dennis Oklak: Thanks Brendan.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And allowing a few moments for people to queue up, they have no further questions in queue.
Dennis Oklak: Okay, thank you.
Christie Kelly: Thanks everybody.
Operator: It appears that we do not have any questions. Does that conclude your conference? Okay, ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference for today. I want to thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Randy Henry - AVP, IR Denny Oklak - Chairman and CEO Christie Kelly - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs Steven Frankel - Green Street Advisors Josh Attie - Citi Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities Jamie Feldman - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Duke Realty quarterly earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode and later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions being given at that time. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Mr. Randy Henry; Assistant Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Randy Henry: Thank you, Keely. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Denny Oklak, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Christie Kelly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Mark Denien, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we make our prepared remarks, let me again remind you that the statements we make today are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. For more information about those risk factors, we would refer you to our December 31, 2010 10-K that we have on file with the SEC and now for our prepared statement, Ill turn it over to Denny Oklak.
Denny Oklak: Thank you Randy, good afternoon everyone and welcome to Duke Reality's first quarter earnings call. Today, I will address our view on the state of business and some of the drivers affecting real estate demand, I will also highlight some of our key accomplishments during the quarter in both our assets and operations strategies. Christie will address our first quarter financial performance and progress on our capital strategy. The first quarter was solid from an operation prospective and in the execution on our asset repositioning strategy. The end of 2010 provided significant moment for us with the announcement of both the acquisition of the premier portfolio in South Florida and the transaction with CBRE Realty Trust. I am pleased to announce that both transactions are now fully complete. The first quarter of 2011 started somewhat slow with continued concerns over the pace of the economic recovery and whether any near-term meaningful traction to be sustained. A combination of the political events taking place in the Middle Eastern country and concerns over weak growth estimates for the US and other key countries also affected leasing activity. Another key factor during the first two months of the quarter was the severe winter weather conditions we experienced in many of our markets. At various times during the quarter our Dallas, Atlanta, St Louis, Indianapolis and Columbus offices were closed because of inclement weather. We know now that the combination of all these factors led to a slowdown in growth in GDP to 1.8% in the first quarter. We certainly can feel the slowdown. The good news is that now we are beginning to see somewhat of a pickup in activity as companies review their business forecasts and their plans for potential space needs. We said in January that our outlook remained somewhat conservative on the industrial sector. We are seeing more visits to view available space, the timing of these users, making a commitment to lease additional space is still unclear but at least it is encouraging to see people back in the market. As I also noted on our fourth quarter call, that we were aware of a few potential significant terminations in our industrial portfolio or during the first part of 2011. I am pleased to report that we were able to execute a renewal for 800,000 square feet expirations we mentioned in Savannah. That was one of the key vacancies that we needed to address in 2011. We still have some challenges ahead but we're off to a good start nonetheless. The office leasing environment remains slow but there are pockets of solid activity. We signed 125,000 square feet lease with Alcatel-Lucent over in Columbus Ohio. We also are pleased to report that our 3630 Peachtree project in Buckhead is now 44% leased with solid momentum and a backlog of prospects to push that occupancy even higher. On the medical office front leasing activity and development opportunities are picking up. In March we placed into service the Baylor Cancer Center in Dallas. Our building is spectacular and is 95% leased to Baylor and US Oncology. The overall occupancy in our portfolio was 88.9% at March 31, down slightly from 89.1% at year-end 2010. This is a little better than we expected because of some key renewals and some continued short-term leases. We signed over 5.3 million sq ft of leases during the quarter which is a very solid number. Our industrial portfolio maintained occupancy at 90.2% at the end of the quarter in addition to the two-year renewal we signed in Savannah, other key industrial transactions included a 646,000 square feet lease extension in our Hebron Building 1 in Cincinnati and three renewal extension deals totaling nearly 370,000 square feet in our Freeport buildings in Dallas. Our office portfolio maintained occupancy at 85.6% as of the end of the first quarter which was basically flat with year-end. And as I mentioned there are pockets of activity but the leasing environment is still slow. One positive note is that we're beginning to see some of our customers looking to hire again which we believe is a good sign. Consistent with our expectations, same-property NOI for the three and 12 months ended March 31 was flat at a positive 0.9% respectively. I would like to point out that our guidance for 2011 is a negative 3% to a positive 1% range in same property NOI growth. Our results through the first quarter are in line with our expectations given the known terminations and continued anticipated rent roll downs. During the quarter, we renewed 70% of our leases in line with our historical average. We did experience a negative 4.9% rolled down in net affective rents in these renewals, this is in line with where we ended up in 2010 in all our renewals. The negative 6.88% on industrials renewals was driven by a couple of larger transactions that we completed where we gained more leased term but had to give some ground on rents for quality tenants. Our lease expirations for the rest of 2011 are very manageable given our historic renewal percentage and executioned our teams in each market. We do expect net spreads to be in this general range for the rest of this year. Our current development pipeline reflects our commitment to pre-leased medical office in industrial assets. As of March 31, our wholly owned development pipeline consisted of six medical office assets totaling 347,000 square feet and two industrial buildings totaling 1.6 million square feet. The aggregate occupancy of the pipeline is 88%, our joint-venture development pipeline is comprised of a previously announced 406,000 square feet 100% lease industrial building expansion in Indianapolis. We are having more discussions with customers about build-to-suit projects on both the industrial and office side. Still too early to tell if any of these projects will get started this year but we are more optimistic about potential development starts. The only acquisition activity we completed in the first quarter was the closing on the additional assets in the premium portfolio and as of today as I mentioned, we have closed on all the properties. We have personnel in place to manage and operate a portfolio and are seeing good leasing activities. We continue to review and pursue other acquisition opportunities to advance our asset repositioning strategy. We are focused on industrial and medical office deals that complement our current portfolio. Pricing in some of the deals that we have pursued has been very aggressive as cap rates for high-quality assets in major markets continue to compress. We will continue to be patient on making acquisition decisions that make sense for our portfolio. We had a very strong quarter on the disposition front. We generated over $456 million of proceeds from asset sales, nearly all were Midwest office assets. As I mentioned earlier, we closed on the sale of the remaining 13 suburban office buildings to our joint-venture with CBRE Realty Trust which generated proceeds of $274 million to us. In conjunction with the sale, the joint-venture closed at $275 million bridge loan. The venture is currently working to refinance the bridge loan with long-term secured loans on assets in this portfolio. We had a lot of interest from lenders in the secured financing at very favorable terms. We also disclosed that our portfolio consisting of two CBD buildings in Cincinnati Ohio and three suburban office assets located in Nashville. The portfolio was over 98800 square feet and was 86% leased. We are pleased to see bank financing for this portfolio, this was the first time we saw true bank financing for this kind of a transaction in over three years. And finally we sold two other office buildings in Cincinnati totaling nearly 410,000 sq. ft. The assets were 100% leased to a single tenant and were originally developed in our health for sale portfolio. I am also pleased to report that investor concentration is that 45% industrial, 46% office, 6% medical and 3% retail as of the end of the first quarter. So with that I will turn it over to Christie.
Christie Kelly: Thanks Denny. Good afternoon everyone, as Denny mentioned I would like to provide an update o our first quarter financial performance and progress on our capital strategy. I am pleased to report that our first quarter of 2011, core FFO with $0.28 per share. The results were in line with our expectations and the consensus estimates for the quarter. Our core earnings from rental operations remain stable, even as we continue to re position our asset mix. Our service operations continue to have strong results from the progress on the Brass project in Washington, DC, which is moving to completion later this year. We also had a strong backlog of projects for the service operation business. On the capital transaction side, the timing of the closing of the CBRE Realty Trust transaction combined with the other asset disposition resulted in a cash balance of $167 million as of March 31, 2011. And I am pleased to say a zero balance on our unsecured line of credit. As Denny mentioned, we are looking at acquisition and development opportunities that make sense in order to re-invest the cash balance. We made good progress during the quarter on some of our key capital strategy metrics. Specifically, our fixed charge coverage ratio improved to 1.8 one time from 1.7 nine time at year-end 2010. Net debt to EBITDA improved to 6.66 times from 7.31 times at the year-end and debt to gross asset remained at 46%. We retired $42.5 million of unsecured bonds in March with available cash. Our maturities for the remainder of 2011 totaled just over $355 million. Our capital strategy call for the retirement free use of cash proceeds from asset sales of refinancing unsecured bonds when the timing and pricing makes sense. We are pleased with our progress today in our capital strategy and our focused on achieving our goal. We will continue to address our capital plans in accordance with our assets and operating strategy. With that I will turn it back over to Denny.
Denny Oklak: Thanks Christie. We are pleased with the start to 2011 and we are optimistic about the remainder of the year. We are executing our operation strategy through leasing in our portfolio and pursuit of development opportunities primarily in medical office and industrial build-to-suit projects. Our current development pipe line is well leased comprise of high quality projects that step in to our long term asset plans. The acquisition disposition activity in the first quarter of 2011 continued our progress on the ultimate repositioning of our portfolio to 60% bulk industrial, 25% suburban office and 15% medical office. Our balance sheet is strong and our long term focus is to continue to improve, key coverage of metrics to reset of our vacant space. This process will take some time, but we are well positioned heading into the rest of 2011. Finally with the solid start to the year, we have reaffirmed our core FFO guidance of $1.06 to $1.18 per share for 2011. Thank you again for joining us today and now we will open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from the line of Sloan Bohlen at Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.
Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs: Hi. Good afternoon, guys. First, Denny, just a question - you touch on it a little bit but just pricing for suburban office , as you guys are looking to sell more. And then within that question, maybe just your thoughts on the pace at which you can sell. A competitor of yours had talked about the opportunity to sell more into this market, given the pricing looks pretty good for that.
Denny Oklak: Yes, sure Sloan the pricing is, as you can imagine a little bit all over the board on suburban office depending on the age, the location, the market, but we are in sort of the 8.8% cap rates, what we call the stabilized cap rate range for what we reported for this quarter and I would point out that there was some - a little bit higher cap rate and some of those assets the once in particular that were part of that Nashville portfolio that were located in not the best office sub market in Nashville and - or probably 25 years old. But I think for the good quality assets again were seeing cap rates and probably the seven and three quarters to eight the quarter range today. And I think we are pleased with what we proceed, the state of the market is for being able to do dispositions As I mentioned on the remarks, we are very pleased that we did see a major bank come in and provide just a loan for our real estate acquisition project. We just really had seen that from the banking industry for quite a long time. And again, the terms on that were 50% to 55% loan to value which is still a little bit on the lower side but at least the money is becoming available. So we're going to continue on the repositioning strategy and actively market - continue to actively market a number of our office properties.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and just with regard on the pace, is it as much and how much can you get done, as fast as you can get done, or do you think about where you put those proceeds in terms of acquisition opportunities in the dividend as part of that consideration too.
Denny Oklak: Well we do think about that. But I would say that, we are finding a fair number of acquisition opportunities, so we're not really slowing down or trying to limit the dispositions at this point in time.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: And then just one last question, if I may? On your same-store guidance for the year, it looks like things are trending to the higher end. You talked about lease expirations being fairly manageable for the rest of the year. Can you may be just talk about what would be the types of things if anything, that would kind of move you toward the lower end of that range?
Denny Oklak: Well, again I think it is really good, the pace of the overall economy is going to drive it about as much as anything else. To get an improvement in that number, so be, towards a more optimistic range. Our occupancy has to be a little bit more towards the higher and of our range for the year that we gave you. I think even then if the volume of activity picks up, it is going to be good for occupancy but I don't think it's going to have a big impact on rent. I still think, this year even of activity is towards the higher end, the rent - there is still going to be some pressure on rent and like we said. It is probably a negative 5% give or take range on the rent spreads today and will be for the rest of the year.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you guys.
Denny Oklak: Thanks Sloan.
Operator: Thank you. And next well go to the line of Stephen Frankel with Green Street Advisors, please go ahead.
Steven Frankel - Green Street Advisors: Thank you, just a couple of questions. Denny, as you mentioned earlier, the CBRT JV is starting to look at secure debt packages. You mentioned that you started to see better packages than before but can you be more specific about what that means? How have spreads moved over the last six months or so and what kind of LTV are you targeting for that venture
Christie Kelly: Steven, I'll jump in there. In terms of the LTV, we're looking at 50% to 60% off LTV venture and specifically as it relates to the permanent debt proposals and/or LOI's that have in hand, very attractive, very aggressive pricing in terms of rates. We are talking about four, to mid five.
Steven Frankel - Green Street Advisors: Is that with like a five year term or a 10 year term?
Christie Kelly: We are looking at ten-year term.
Steven Frankel - Green Street Advisors: And is that from a life companies, banks, mixture of that?
Christie Kelly: Primarily life companies.
Steven Frankel - Green Street Advisors: Okay. And then, when you guys are looking at allocating capital between acquisitions and development, what kind of an unlevered IRR hurdle are you viewing both of those activities through?
Denny Oklak: Well, it sort of depends today because, as part of this repositioning. We are selling assets that what we believe is good, long-term pricing and then we're just focused on buying assets at good long-term pricing too and just improving. We are moving towards our desired asset mix, and just improving the overall quality of the portfolios, so we're focused, I will tell you more on that than we are on exclusively on cap rates today. Particularly again on the acquisition side, but you can see where, things are shaking out on some of the acquisitions that we have done and depending on where we are, we are probably really in the 7% to 8% range. On new development, we are always looking at higher yields than on acquisitions and that difference again as it usually is in most parts of the cycle is today probably about 150 basis points higher yield on the development that we can find on similar kinds of acquisitions today. So in the development, we are really looking at for the most part 8.5 to 9.5 yields with some growth built into that for some longer-term leases.
Steven Frankel - Green Street Advisors: Okay, and then finally, perception of how your suburban office recovery is faring mid-cycle versus the early 2000s. Are we - is it taking longer because it's the job (inaudible) or are things starting to catch up more now?
Denny Oklak: No, I think it is definitely taken longer Steve. It is, this one is pretty slow and pretty stubborn and it is, I really do believe being driven by that unemployment rate. If you look at where we are today in the last 18 months, we really have not made a lot of progress on this unemployment rate. It appears now that it is finally starting to tick down and - but I do not really see the office business picking up until we start seeing 50 basis point improvements in that over a couple of months period. Then I think we can start seeing some office activity, but this has been one of the lowest, slowest recoveries we have seen in a long time.
Steven Frankel - Green Street Advisors: Great, thank you.
Denny Oklak: Thanks, Stephen.
Operator: Thank you, and we will go next to the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi please go ahead.
Josh Attie - Citi: Hey, thanks. It's Josh Attie with Michael. Can you talk more about the acquisition and the disposition pipelines and specifically the timing? Last December, you were able to nicely time a sale and a buy and, as you look forward and you think about what you want to sell and what you want to require, how important is it to you, for you to be able to time those deals in a way that's capital efficient?
Denny Oklak: Well Josh, we are very focused on that timing and trying to match those up, but again that is not the key driver of our strategy because we were very fortunate and through a lot of luck and hard work, we were able to match up several larger transactions last year. We know that is not always going to be the case. But, if an acquisition comes along, that we think makes long-term sense and the disposition pipeline is not there. We will still make that acquisition and funded accordingly, vice versa if we see an opportunity to do the right kind of disposition that makes long-term sense but don't have immediate use of the proceeds, we will certainly consider that and likely do that. But just - then just looking at the pipeline, it is just so hard to tell because I would tell you basically those three major transactions that we did last year. They are sitting there a year ago in April, the only one we really had any discussions going on was the Dugan transaction which closed right at the beginning of the third quarter, so they come up and they move pretty quickly when you see it. So, I think overall I would say there is a pretty good pipeline of deals being up deals out there, deals being marketed and so I am pretty optimistic about the progress we can make this year, but it is just so hard to say and until you find one of the big ones then looks things can close in 90 to 120 days.
Josh Attie - Citi: Year-to-date, do you feel like there's been more activity in your pipeline on the buy side or on the sell side?
Denny Oklak: I would say on the buy side so far this year, but I think that could turn too.
Josh Attie - Citi: And when you think about growing the medical office part of the portfolio, do you think that that will come from development or acquisitions or a mixture?
Denny Oklak: Well, I think it could be a mixture, but today its really primarily come from the new development. Weve only done, I mean basically one medical office acquisition that was the deal we closed late last year in Charlotte which was an excellent asset and it basically gave us the relationship with the Carolinas healthcare system and almost everything else that we have in that portfolio today is new development. We continue to look at some acquisition opportunities there I think that they may come up, most of those are going to come I still think through our relationships with the hospital systems so when they want to sell some of their buildings to raise capital for other uses within their business they are going to come to one of their trusted advisors and owners and that will be us, so thats where I think most of those will come from. But, we were monitoring the market pretty closely so we kind of know what is going on there.
Josh Attie  Citi: And then just last question, you mention in your prepared remarks you were getting interest in development on the suburban office side. I guess how serious are those conversations and what are, what are the economics that would justify developing suburban office?
Denny Oklak: Well, again these are build-to-suit opportunities. So, that is really what is driving it and the build-to-suit on the suburban office side is usually a need by a customer for a specific building and I am not talking about anything extraordinary, but a building to meet their specific needs or building in a specific location that they want to be in. So, many times it is on our land parcels where we can develop another building in a park. Lot of times, some of the people were talking to are our existing tenants that need a new building for expansion purposes. This isnt real wide spread Josh, but we havent had a discussion on an office built-to-suit for I am not sure I can remember where it has been a while other than something that was funded by the federal government. But for private companies, we really havent seen any for quite a while and there are a couple of discussions going on around our system today.
Josh Attie - Citigroup: Okay, thanks a lot.
Denny Oklak: Thanks Josh.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Brendan Maiorana at Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks. Good afternoon. Denny, you mentioned that you  you're seeing a lot of acquisition opportunities and you mentioned if you don't have the sales proceeds kind of match up that you would fund those accordingly, which I guess I'm just interested in maybe what that means and, given that you've had a nice performance in your stock, would you consider looking at an equity issuance to grow the portfolio a little bit more constructively now versus I think the beginning part of the year, where it seemed like you were pretty reluctant to do that?
Denny Oklak: Well, I think our philosophy hasn't changed here, Brendan. What weve been saying really for the last probably 18 months at least, I cant think back further than that right now so for the last 18 months we have been very consistent on that in saying that we would - we're not, we dont really need the equity. Were in good shape with everything, on our balance sheet and we would consider issuing equity in connection with a major transaction if it came up and I think that is still our philosophy today. Fortunately, I mean if you look back over the last 12 months we did do some equity when we did the Dugan transaction because we didnt have all the dispositions lined up at that time. Then as this was pointed out, we are very fortunate and if the timing worked out great between the CBRE Realty Trust deal and the premier deals, so we did not need to do equity and didnt consider doing equity for the premier transaction. Were really in excellent shape today. As Christy mentioned, we got $167 million in cash as of the end of the quarter to fund additional acquisitions, no balance on the line. So, were just going to continue to go down that path.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities: Given that you've got kind of all of that near-term liquidity or call it bridge liquidity or whatever, would you feel comfortable if you didn't have the dispositions lined up, taking a big acquisition on the balance sheet for the time being with some of that bridge financing and then just paying it off later when you get a couple of deals disposition fund?
Denny Oklak: I think this is certainly something wed look at, but we have to be pretty comfortable that there were some disposition proceeds coming not too far behind us.
Christie Kelly: And Brendon, I am just jumping there again weve got almost 179 cash in bank and to that point weve been running our line really just with what Ill call just for timing purposes, weve gone up on our line a bit. Denny and I have been very specific about not using that line as a permanent source financing and to that point have no intention of doing that in the future. So, even as we closed the quarter we had a little bit up on our line effectively with the disposition, brought that down and now have a lot of cash in bank.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities: Sure. Thanks. And then just switching a little bit to the development outlook, you've had some of your peers on the industrial side that I think are looking a little bit more opportunistically at perhaps starting some projects back in some of the better markets. I think you guys have been kind of reluctant to do that thus far in the cycle. But - and I know that when we talked about this back at your investor day a couple of months ago, I don't think that was where your minds were at. But has any of that changed in the past couple of months and could you envision doing back projects this year?
Denny Oklak: Up to here today not really, Brendon, I think when I look at virtually all of our markets, there is still fair amount of supply, it is a lot less than it was 18, 15 months ago, 12 months ago, but theres still a fair amount of supply out there. The only place we started a partially pre-leased building in Houston last year that was about 45% lease we started and it is now 75% lease then construction is going to finish up in the next 30 days or so. So, were pleased and theres good activity, but when you look around the markets I just dont really see a need for projects out there today. So, I just dont see it for the remainder of this year.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities: Sure, okay. That's helpful. And then just last for me, Christie, it looked like the straight line rent jumped up fairly significantly just from fourth quarter to first quarter. Is there anything that was particularly driving that number up and what might we expect for kind of the balance of the year?
Christie Kelly: There was really nothing of note, Brendon, whatsoever. I mean to the extent that there was maybe some timing on some larger deals that we did with a little free rent, thats about it. But, there is nothing out of the ordinary projected for the year and nothing that I can make note of for the quarter.
Brendan Maiorana - Wells Fargo Securities: Great, okay. Thank you.
Christie Kelly: You bet.
Operator: Thank you and next well go to the line of Jamie Feldman of Bank of America Merrill Lynch, please go ahead.
Jamie Feldman  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you, and good afternoon. Conversations with some of the brokers I've been having lately suggest that they're not seeing a big backlog of leasing activity, particularly in the bulk portfolio. Some of it I think (inaudible) with what you were saying about earlier in the quarter. I guess I'm just trying to figure out, what are you guys seeing in terms of kind of the backlog of potential leases and are things kind of slowing down or picking up?
Denny Oklak: Well I think as I said Jamie we got off to a slow start I think for a lot of reasons this year, but the weather certainly was a big one. And we - after that, I think we had some pretty good activity sort of early March, it picked and now I would say it is kind of steady. There are some deals out there, but I wouldnt say we have like a huge backlog. If you look at just our industrial occupancy its really held pretty steady over the last year. We had a pretty big movement from late 2009 to early 2010 and I am talking late third quarter to say mid to late first quarter, a year ago and we felt pretty steady at just over 90% since that time. There is nothing out there that I am seeing that is telling me that all of a sudden we are going to bump that backup to 92 or 93% in the next couple of quarters. I think where the market is today, people are  there is deals out there, but theres also deals with tenants expiring. There is still some downsizing going on in a few cases. So, I would anticipate that occupancy that has to hold fairly steady at least for the next 6 months. I think getting in to late third quarter and maybe early fourth quarter. Well have to see where the economy is and what again particularly the retailers are thinking about the holidays and we might see some movement there, but between now and then I just dont see a lot.
Jamie Feldman  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you. And then what are you seeing in terms of within your - what you call bulk distribution between like more flex type office, kind of smaller tenant users, versus big-box?
Denny Oklak: Well, you got to remember we really dont have any flex. I mean if you look at weve got over a 100 million square feet of industrial and weve only got about 3 million square feet of flex and that is going away. We got some of that, we have a lot less than that. We got some of that in the Dugan acquisition and that will probably start going away even lower. So, I dont really have any comment on the flex business because were just on it. But, just on the bulk business what I would say is, generally speaking were still seeing the bigger deals and I am talking what I would define as a bigger deal today is above 200,000 square feet. I think were seeing more of those kind of deals than we are at the 30,000 to 50,000 square foot bulk deals.
Jamie Feldman  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then finally, I got on late. I apologize. Did you - did anyone ask, the Richmond (inaudible) portfolio, is that something that you guys would be interested in terms of the land, the location and size?
Denny Oklak: Well, Jamie we dont comment on speculative acquisitions and you know what we are focused on and were focused primarily on in bulk industrial acquisitions, but as I mentioned here just a couple of minutes ago where we not opposed to do with some medical office acquisitions. So, I guess I dont know their portfolio very well to be honest with you, but I suppose if their medical office assets in the right markets with - and good quality products it might be some we are interested in.
Jamie Feldman  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess my question was just more - would you want to own that much more medical office?
Denny Oklak: Well, you know our target is 15% of our overall portfolio. So, we probably need another 500 to 700 million to get to that when you look at where the overall size of our company is today. So, weve got plenty of room to do some acquisitions in there because today were doing about 100 to 150 million of development there. So, weve got plenty of room within our strategy to acquire some and well just see if that happens.
Jamie Feldman  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Christie Kelly: Thanks Jamie.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Allowing few moments for people to queue up, Mr. Henry there are no further questions. Ill turn it back to you for closing remarks.
Randy Henry: Okay. Thank you again everyone for joining us today. As a reminder, our first quarter earnings call is tentatively scheduled for July 28, that concludes our call. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you and ladies and gentlemen this conference will be available for replay after 5.30pm eastern time today through Thursday, May 2 [ph] at midnight. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 302-365-3844 with the access code of 197143, those numbers again 302-365-3844 with the access code of 197143. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participations and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-27 15:00:00) =====
Executives: Randy Henry  Assistant VP, IR Denny Oklak  Chairman and CEO Christie Kelly  EVP and CFO
Analysts: Chris Caton  Morgan Stanley Josh Attie  Citi Michael Bilerman  Citi Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets Jamie Feldman  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Duke Realty Corporation. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Assistant Vice President of Investor Relations, Randy Henry. Please go ahead.
Randy Henry: Thank you, Nola. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Denny Oklak, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Christie Kelly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Denien, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we make our prepared remarks, let me remind you that the statements we make today are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. For more information about those risk factors, we would refer you to our 10-K that we have on file with the SEC. Now for our prepared statements, Ill turn it over to Denny Oklak.
Denny Oklak: Thank you, Randy, and good afternoon everyone. Our solid operational and financial performance along with significant progress on our strategic plan to reposition our portfolio resulted in a successful 2010 for Duke Realty despite a still challenging economic environment. Our fourth quarter and year-end 2010 results were very strong and I believe a reflection of our commitment and ability to execute in all three areas of our strategic plan. We knew heading into 2010 that fundamentals in both the industrial and office sectors would still be challenging and progress would be our measured by our ability to execute transactions in the alignment with our strategy. We accomplished our goals by remaining focused on improving our portfolio occupancy, executing acquisitions and dispositions consistent with our asset strategy, and further strengthening our balance sheet to enable more productive transaction execution. I will highlight some of our key accomplishments during the quarter in both our asset and operation strategies and Christie will address our fourth quarter financial performance and progress on our capital strategy and finally, I would provide some color on our 2011 guidance. The industrial sector continued to gain traction in the fourth quarter of 2010. Initial data from the holiday retail season suggest 45% positive growth in sales and continued improvement in shipping metrics at major port locations in the US. We anticipate this bodes well for absorption in the industrial sector, but view that further improvement may be somewhat slower as retailers have now restocked inventory levels. As a result, our outlook remains conservative on the industrial sector. As I mentioned on our third quarter call that we anticipate some key vacancies in our industrial portfolio in the fourth quarter, while most of these terminations did occur, leasing activity was good as we signed over 4.6 million square feet of leases in our industrial portfolio in the fourth quarter and I am pleased that that portfolio remained over 90% leased at year-end 2010. The office environment is still slow to recover as questions over the timing and extent of a net economic recovery are still weighing heavily into decisions hire and grow new business. Our office teams performed very well despite the economic landscape as evidenced by our year end office occupancy of 85.7%, which was up 1.4% over year-end 2009. Now, I will touch on some of the key operating metrics and significant transactions in the fourth quarter. The overall occupancy in our portfolio was 89.1% at year end, up from 88.9% at September 30th and up 1.9% from year-end 2009 occupancy of 87.2%. We signed nearly 26 million square feet of leases in 2010, including 5.8 million square feet during the fourth quarter. Our 2010 total is the highest since 2007. We achieved a lease renewal rate of 70.1% and 76.5% for the fourth quarter and year ended 2010, respectively. Both our industrial and office teams did an excellent job in keeping existing tenants and closing on new leases. Specifically, our Indianapolis industrial group completed over 2 million square feet of leases during the fourth quarter and ended the year at 95.4% lease on 20.7 million square feet of industrial space. We also achieved positive net absorption across the business with significant lease at progress throughout the Midwest as well as the south and southeast markets. On the office side, while still slow, continues to show some signs of life. We leased over 85,000 square feet at our 1600 Tower in Minneapolis which is adjacent to our new and successful project, the West End. This retail success is drawing tenants to our office part and 1600 Tower is now 96% leased. We also executed a nearly 38,000 square foot expansion to an existing tenant in our Riverway East building in Chicago and signed renewal for approximately 70,000 square feet with GE in our Center Point office building in Cincinnati. As of December 31, our wholly owned development pipeline consisted of five medical office projects, totaling 270,000 square feet and two industrial buildings totaling 1.6 million square feet, one of which is a 1.3 million square foot, 100% preleased build-to-suit we announced in the third quarter. During the fourth quarter, the company committed to development projects on four medical office buildings and one bulk industrial project. The medical office projects total over 230,000 square feet and are 56% preleased in the aggregate. The industrial asset is located in Houston, its 300,000 square feet and 47% preleased. Our joint venture development pipeline is comprised of 460,000 square feet, 93% preleased medical office project with Baylor Health Care Systems in Dallas and a 406,000 square foot 100% industrial building expansion in Indianapolis. Consistent with our original expectation, same property NOI for the three and 12 months ended  for the three months ended December 31st was a positive 5% and for the 12 months ended, a positive 0.9%. We anticipated our same property growth to be strong in the latter half of 2010 after a slower first half of the year and we had surprises in our expectations there. Now I would like to touch on acquisition and disposition activity. During the fourth quarter and year-end 2010, as you know, our asset strategy is focused on the acquisition of high-quality industrial and medical office assets that meet our longer term strategic growth goals. In addition with this strategy  in accordance with this strategy, we acquired $440.5 million of assets totaling over 5 million square feet in the fourth quarter, bringing the total executed acquisitions to $919.1 million for the year ended 2010. During the fourth quarter, we closed on a portion of the previously announced acquisition of a primarily industrial portfolio in South Florida from Premier Commercial Realty. The $450 million portfolio is comprised of 51 industrial and 5 office buildings, totaling over 4.9 million square feet, of which approximately 3.4 million square feet were closed during December with the remaining portion expected to close in early 2011. This was a terrific transaction that gives a dominant industrial position in Broward and Palm Beach counties. The transaction is a very good example of our execution on our repositioning strategy on many levels. The sellers knowledge of our local market presence and confidence in our team allowed us to negotiate an off-market deal. The assets are located in South Florida, once of the focus markets, because its a land-constraint market with high barrier to entry. All the assets are located along the I95 corridor, very accessible for both tenant needs and customers. And most of the assets were developed within the last 10 years and are strictly the best quality in the market. This is a great strategic transaction for Duke Realty. In Houston, we acquired three industrial assets, specifically located within port of Houston. The assets total over 582,000 square feet and are 100% leased and have an average age of approximately four years. On the medical office front, we acquired a 191,000 square foot medical office building in Charlotte, North Carolina. The building is a 100% leased to a single tenant on a 15-year lease which expires in 2020 and includes annual rent books. The other key part of our asset strategy focuses on the disposition of non-strategic assets in certain office buildings. Proceeds from fourth quarter building dispositions were $302.4 million at a stabilized capitalization rate of 80.1%. For the year ended 2010, total dispositions were $498.6 million at a stabilized cap rate of 8.5%. The fourth quarter dispositions included the following. As previously announced in December we closed on the sale of seven suburban office buildings totaling over 1 million square feet to our joint venture with CB Richard Ellis Realty Trust for a total proceeds of 174 million. The assets are primarily located in the Midwest. The total transaction with CBRT will be comprised of 20 suburban office assets, totaling nearly 3.1 million square feet at an aggregate agree upon value of 570 million. We expect to contribute the remaining 13 office buildings by the end of second quarter of 2011. This is another great transaction and expands our relationship with CBRE Realty Trust. The venture currently has total investment of over 630 million, comprised of both bulk industrial and suburban office assets. We have a 20% ownership interest and receive ongoing property management leasing and asset management fees. We also disposed of 533,000 square foot industrial building in Indianapolis which was sold to a user. The asset was not leased and was a developed in a joint venture in which the company has a 50% ownership interest. As some of you may have seen, we sold our 430,000 square foot build-to-suit office project located in Buffalo in New York and leased by HealthNow during the fourth quarter for 84.5 million. This project was always in our held-for-sale portfolio. I also want to point out some erroneous reporting pegging our investment in this property at a 126 million. This was incorrect was there were tax credits which offset a significant portion of the cost. We did make a profit on this sale. We also sold a 213,000 square feet VA clinic in Fort Worth, Texas. The asset was 100% leased for 20 years and placed into service in the fourth quarter of 2010. This asset was also developed as a held-for-sale building. We also received proceeds of nearly $35 million on the disposition of land parcels in 2010, including over $15 million in the fourth quarter. Our fourth quarter acquisition and disposition activity combined with the rest of the activity completed earlier 2010 has moved our investment concentration to 49% office, down from 55% at year-end 2009, 42% industrial, up from 36% at year-end 2009, and 6% medical and 3% retail. We have been very disciplined in the identification of acquisitions that meet our strategic criteria and timing those transactions with the projected receipt of disposition proceeds in an effort to minimize borrowings on our line of credit. The year-end transactions for Premier and CBRE Realty Trust exemplify this planning. We are aware of some concerns about the potential short-term dilution effect our repositioning strategy might have on our portfolio. However, if you look at our 2010 transactions in the aggregate, stabilized cap rate for acquisitions is 8% compared to a stabilized cap rate of 8.5% for dispositions, reflecting only minor dilution and repositioning has increased our concentration of investment in assets with greater long-term growth potential. We are continually assessing the effects on our bottom line FFO and AFFO from our asset repositioning and will continue to work to minimize the effects on earnings in the near term, while positioning our portfolio for greater future long-term growth. Ill now turn the call over to Christie Kelly.
Christie Kelly: Thanks, Dennis, and good afternoon, everyone. As Denny mentioned, I would like to provide an update on our 2010 financial performance and progress on our capital strategy. I am pleased to report that our fourth quarter and year-end 2010 core FFO was $0.28 and $1.15 per share effectively. We had a very strong finish to the year, includes our 2010 core FFO at the high end of our 2010 guidance. As Denny mentioned, the economic environment continued to present challenges throughout the year. Our business team focused on the lease-up of our portfolio and was able to achieve over 12 million square feet of new leases and 40 million square feet of renewal leases, representing a 76.5% tenant retention rate, a negligible lease termination fees. Our strong leasing activity enabled us to offset rental rate roll-downs, travel-in [ph] across most markets and achieved slightly positive net operating income growth. Our service operations also produced strong results. From a capital strategic perspective, we completed a very successful year, in which we raised nearly $1.1 billion in capital comprised of 533 million of asset sale, 311 million from our common equity offering in June and 250 million from an unsecured debt offering in April. In addition to the acquisitions we closed this year, the proceeds were also used to retire a 100 million of debt in the first quarter, repurchased nearly 280 million of unsecured bonds throughout the year on the open market and through a tender offer, and repurchased over a 112 million of our Series O preferred stock on the open market over the course of the year. I would like to point out that our unsecured line of credit balance at year end of $175 million is a function of timing on asset dispositions closings. We had a solid backlog of assets set to be sold in the first quarter of 2011 and remain committed to utilizing our line of credit only for short-term financing needs. As results indicate 2011, we had a little over $400 million of maturities which we intend to manage through a combination of pay-downs of disposition proceeds as refinancing with long-term unsecured debt. I would like to point out that based on our capital plan in 2011, we will be able to use our unsecured line of credit to cover all our 2011 maturities in a worst-case scenario. I am very pleased with the execution by our teams. We accomplished a significant amount of work in 2010 after successful 2009. Since March of 2009, we have been successful in moving nearly a $1.5 billion of debt maturities out of 2010 and 2011, a very measurable progress and testament to our capital strategy. We are comfortable with our balance sheet and we have very manageable debt maturities in 2011 and 2012. We have seen stress in our unsecured debt tighten throughout 2010, a vote of confidence on our strategic plan and progress across the business thus far. With that, Ill turn it back over to Denny.
Denny Oklak:
 : Ill now talk to some of the key performance metrics outlined on the 2011 range of estimates page we provided on our website. Our average portfolio occupancy range for 2011 is 87.5% to 90.5%. We have some known expirations in the first half of 2011, but our guidance assumes we average current occupancy levels over the course of the year. Same property NOI is projected at a range of 1% growth to a 3% decline. This performance is not surprising given 2010 results were driven by a much lower base in 2009 and that we still project rentable balance to factor into 2011 leasing activity. On the capital recycling front, we project proceeds from building dispositions in the range of $400 million to $600 million and proceeds from land dispositions of $20 million to $50 million. The building dispositions include approximately $275 million of remaining proceeds from the previously announced CBRE Realty Trust transaction which, again, we anticipate closing by mid-year. Acquisitions are projected in the range of $200 million to $400 million. We remain focused on high-quality industrial and medical office assets. The additional $173 million associated with the Premier transaction is included in the range. Construction and development starts are projected to be in the range of $200 million to $400 million. We expect medical office starts to comprise $75 million to $125 million of this range, with the remaining starts in our build-to-suit industrial projects and third-party construction. Total construction volume of between $600 million and $800 million. Our third-party construction is still a significant portion of this volume due primarily to the BRAC project, which has begun schedule [ph] to be completed in the third quarter of this year. Our G&A expense is in the range of $40 million to $45 million. We have streamlined our G&A over the past years and anticipate keeping the level at or below our 2010 amounts, AFFO payout ratio in the range of 85% to 100%. We continue to focus on the amount of capital expenditures required to keep our core portfolio leased. We believe that 2011 will be another challenging year for the US economy in many respects. That being said, we are pleased with our progress in 2010 and our momentum going into 2011. Our portfolio is well leased at 89% and our unstabilized assets, our modern buildings in the right locations that are ready to lease with little additional capital requirements as activity continues to pick up. We are on pace with our asset repositioning strategy. Dispositions are on track with expectations, so we have a nice backlog of commitments lined up. We will continue to pursue acquisitions that we believe will provide long-term value creation to our already strong portfolio. Our balance sheet is strong with 2011 maturities staggered throughout the year and very manageable. As part of our capital strategy, we will continue to pursue the leveraging opportunities and improve our key ratios and metrics. So, thank you again for your support in 2010 and for joining us today. And with that, we will open it up for questions.
 : Ill now talk to some of the key performance metrics outlined on the 2011 range of estimates page we provided on our website. Our average portfolio occupancy range for 2011 is 87.5% to 90.5%. We have some known expirations in the first half of 2011, but our guidance assumes we average current occupancy levels over the course of the year. Same property NOI is projected at a range of 1% growth to a 3% decline. This performance is not surprising given 2010 results were driven by a much lower base in 2009 and that we still project rentable balance to factor into 2011 leasing activity. On the capital recycling front, we project proceeds from building dispositions in the range of $400 million to $600 million and proceeds from land dispositions of $20 million to $50 million. The building dispositions include approximately $275 million of remaining proceeds from the previously announced CBRE Realty Trust transaction which, again, we anticipate closing by mid-year. Acquisitions are projected in the range of $200 million to $400 million. We remain focused on high-quality industrial and medical office assets. The additional $173 million associated with the Premier transaction is included in the range. Construction and development starts are projected to be in the range of $200 million to $400 million. We expect medical office starts to comprise $75 million to $125 million of this range, with the remaining starts in our build-to-suit industrial projects and third-party construction. Total construction volume of between $600 million and $800 million. Our third-party construction is still a significant portion of this volume due primarily to the BRAC project, which has begun schedule [ph] to be completed in the third quarter of this year. Our G&A expense is in the range of $40 million to $45 million. We have streamlined our G&A over the past years and anticipate keeping the level at or below our 2010 amounts, AFFO payout ratio in the range of 85% to 100%. We continue to focus on the amount of capital expenditures required to keep our core portfolio leased. We believe that 2011 will be another challenging year for the US economy in many respects. That being said, we are pleased with our progress in 2010 and our momentum going into 2011. Our portfolio is well leased at 89% and our unstabilized assets, our modern buildings in the right locations that are ready to lease with little additional capital requirements as activity continues to pick up. We are on pace with our asset repositioning strategy. Dispositions are on track with expectations, so we have a nice backlog of commitments lined up. We will continue to pursue acquisitions that we believe will provide long-term value creation to our already strong portfolio. Our balance sheet is strong with 2011 maturities staggered throughout the year and very manageable. As part of our capital strategy, we will continue to pursue the leveraging opportunities and improve our key ratios and metrics. So, thank you again for your support in 2010 and for joining us today. And with that, we will open it up for questions.
 : Ill now talk to some of the key performance metrics outlined on the 2011 range of estimates page we provided on our website. Our average portfolio occupancy range for 2011 is 87.5% to 90.5%. We have some known expirations in the first half of 2011, but our guidance assumes we average current occupancy levels over the course of the year. Same property NOI is projected at a range of 1% growth to a 3% decline. This performance is not surprising given 2010 results were driven by a much lower base in 2009 and that we still project rentable balance to factor into 2011 leasing activity. On the capital recycling front, we project proceeds from building dispositions in the range of $400 million to $600 million and proceeds from land dispositions of $20 million to $50 million. The building dispositions include approximately $275 million of remaining proceeds from the previously announced CBRE Realty Trust transaction which, again, we anticipate closing by mid-year. Acquisitions are projected in the range of $200 million to $400 million. We remain focused on high-quality industrial and medical office assets. The additional $173 million associated with the Premier transaction is included in the range. Construction and development starts are projected to be in the range of $200 million to $400 million. We expect medical office starts to comprise $75 million to $125 million of this range, with the remaining starts in our build-to-suit industrial projects and third-party construction. Total construction volume of between $600 million and $800 million. Our third-party construction is still a significant portion of this volume due primarily to the BRAC project, which has begun schedule [ph] to be completed in the third quarter of this year. Our G&A expense is in the range of $40 million to $45 million. We have streamlined our G&A over the past years and anticipate keeping the level at or below our 2010 amounts, AFFO payout ratio in the range of 85% to 100%. We continue to focus on the amount of capital expenditures required to keep our core portfolio leased. We believe that 2011 will be another challenging year for the US economy in many respects. That being said, we are pleased with our progress in 2010 and our momentum going into 2011. Our portfolio is well leased at 89% and our unstabilized assets, our modern buildings in the right locations that are ready to lease with little additional capital requirements as activity continues to pick up. We are on pace with our asset repositioning strategy. Dispositions are on track with expectations, so we have a nice backlog of commitments lined up. We will continue to pursue acquisitions that we believe will provide long-term value creation to our already strong portfolio. Our balance sheet is strong with 2011 maturities staggered throughout the year and very manageable. As part of our capital strategy, we will continue to pursue the leveraging opportunities and improve our key ratios and metrics. So, thank you again for your support in 2010 and for joining us today. And with that, we will open it up for questions.
Operator: Our first question is from Chris Caton at Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Chris Caton  Morgan Stanley:
 :
Denny Oklak: Well, once again, I think that when you look at our same store, as I mentioned in my comments, the office business is still struggling a little bit. I said last quarter that I was really pleased with our results on the office side, in the third quarter it picked up, we picked up some occupancy, and we kind of held even in the fourth quarter. But what we are seeing is, we are seeing continued pressure on the rental rates. Weve seen, as indicated in our supplemental packages, then some continued roll-down on the net effective rents and that is having some pressure, downward pressure on the same store occupancy also.
Chris Caton  Morgan Stanley: And I guess, I was hoping you could kind of reconcile with on page 20 in the sub. I guess a lot of the NOI, same store NOI growth would be coming through the extra [ph] savings, is that what we are seeing here?
Denny Oklak: Thats correct. For the fourth quarter, that is correct.
Chris Caton  Morgan Stanley: And is there something specific you play there where youre able to achieve the tax savings or something specifically (inaudible).
Denny Oklak: Yes, most of that is in the real estate tax area, the savings. Weve seen  weve been able to aggressively pursue some of the assessments on a number of our buildings and I would say particularly on the office side. As you look through our portfolio, weve had some really good success really across the board across all of our markets at getting some of the assessments reduced which is resulted in some lower real estate tax expenses.
Chris Caton  Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Bilerman at Citi. Please go ahead.
Josh Attie  Citi: Hi, its Josh Attie with Michael. Can you remind us what your leverage targets are for the company and I just would like to get there and over what period of time?
Christie Kelly: Sure, Josh. Typically, when we take a look at our longer-term goals, we are looking at overall leverage metrics, what we define as debt to growth assets to be in the 45% range. We are looking at debt plus preferred plus to growth assets to be in the 45% range. We are looking at debt plus preferred to growth assets to be around 50% or so, given its now 800 million that we have in preferred after our buyback. And in terms of timing, we are looking at for that to coincide with our long-term asset and operation strategy which will take us through the 2013 time period.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: And Christie, Michael Bilerman speaking, you obviously have the he ATM in place and as much as you guys told the market last year, you're not going to use it, people were still skeptical of that and clearly when the transaction  the Premier transaction was out in the marketplace prior to announcing, a lot of people thought youd have to raise equity or sell assets. I guess now that that's been done, the stock has obviously rebounded, how do you think about the ATM at these levels as a source of deleveraging and how do you expect to use that tool that you put in place?
Christie Kelly: Yes, I think, Michael, thanks. Specifically, the ATM is, as I mentioned before, is solely for opportunistic repurchases, it is very, very small. It's $150 million in terms of sizing and we did that just based on our average daily trading volume in terms of just having another quiver available in our capital strategy, but specifically where we are today, we're still undervalued.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: Can you also talk about the investment landscape and what your acquisition pipeline looks like on industrial and medical office?
Denny Oklak: Sure, I'll touch on that, Josh. Yes, we just had so many big transactions that we were working on and closed really late in the year. The pipeline is down a little bit right now, but its  on the industrial side, today, we have a number of smaller portfolios or single tenant industrial buildings that are really actually in process in the markets that we are targeting. The medical office business is pretty much the same, there is a few mostly small portfolios that were looking at and talking to people about today. But I think its  if you look at our guidance, we're at this point in time not projecting what I would call a bang-out year like we had in 2010, but we'll keep looking. And I think there is probably a pretty good opportunity in 2011 that we will see if some, at least, larger industrial portfolios come out, which well certainly monitor and track and make sure that they are the quality and in the geographic locations that we want to be in. So, hopefully, we'll also see some of those this year.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Sloan Bohlen with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs:
 :
Denny Oklak: Well, first of all, Sloan, I'd like to think that our stock is up on our performance, as I believe it is, because last  when I looked before we got on the call, I think we were up a little bit more than both of those companies, at least looking today. So its  I don't think that transaction really changes our outlook on anything, that potential transaction I should say it appears, but it's in the potential stage now. We are still working our way through our strategy. When we rolled this specific strategy out a little over a year ago now, we were very clear that this would  that we were going to give us time to execute on this. It wasn't going to happen overnight and it takes the time. We clearly could have gone out and brought a lot more industrial this year. We saw, we looked at a lot more than we actually bought, but we are very focused on the specific time and location of properties we want to own. So I think weve been very selective and really have ended up with tremendous portfolio on the acquisition side. And I think we will continue to do that. Weve said that this is going to take a little bit out to 2013 and we will execute as we go. I think one area we are very pleased on obviously is with the CBRE transaction that we closed about a third  I guess in the third or fourth quarter. We think that's a great indication when you look at the value of those properties, a great indication of the value of our overall office portfolio. And so, we also are seeing a little bit more interest on the investment side, on the office  in the office business today and weve started to see a few lenders come out and enter the suburban office space which I think bodes well for what we're trying to accomplish on that side.
Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then, maybe for Christie, just a couple of housekeeping items. What was the tick-up in building improvements in the quarter?
Christie Kelly: It's specifically just timing, Sloan.
Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs: And then just for the year, for 2011, could you guys maybe kind of give us a gauge for what you're expecting for CapEx, specifically I guess for the TIs on the lease side [ph].
Christie Kelly: Yes, in alignment with what we executed on for 2010. So, no surprises there.
Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs: And then maybe Denny, I think a couple of us have tried to ask in different ways, but could you maybe give us just a sense of what your mark to market is on the office and industrial portfolios as we think about rent spreads for the next year? And then, I guess as a secondary question there, are there some markets where you're seeing rents firm a little bit more quickly than others, or just in general, are things kind of still a little bit, I don't want to say weak, but improving I guess?
Denny Oklak:
 : But in most of the other markets, and particularly on the office side, those rents are rolling down. The industrial rents, I think are starting to firm up a little bit. And as you look back on 2010, we finally had three quarters in a row, the last three quarters of 2010, where globally we had positive net absorption in the industrial business on a national basis, and that was after like six quarters in a row of negative absorption. So, one of the things that I think was very positive about 2010 is in most of the markets, a lot of the bigger blocks of space got taken up. So, we're seeing on the bigger blocks of space now some tightness in a lot more of the markets than we were seeing a year ago. And usually when that happens, I think you start to see some upward pressure on the rental rates. So my sense is that industrial rates are going to sort of firm up here this year. I wouldn't anticipate much in a way of rental rate growth anywhere on industrial though before the first part of next year.
Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Denny Oklak: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Paul Adornato from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets:
 :
Denny Oklak: Sure, Paul. I'll be happy to do that. I will tell you that that portfolio of properties that we contributed is extremely reflective of the rest of our office portfolio, with the exception of a small piece which we've been telling you for a while now is our targeted disposition list that we are working our way through. In that targeted disposition list, there is a group of assets that are really of a little bit lower quality and those include like some of those remaining Cleveland assets we would consider a little lower, a few older properties really mostly in Cincinnati and maybe Chicago. And those are a minor piece of our overall office portfolio, and I'm saying less than 10% of our overall office portfolio. So, 90% of our office portfolio is, I think, very reflective of that transaction that we did. Now that portfolio was a little bit higher leased overall than our  than average office portfolio occupancy and the primary reason for that is that's really what CBRE Realty Trust is looking for. They are the private REIT, they want higher occupancy. There are a number of multi-tenant buildings included in this, which we think is good and a good reflection of the assets that we have. But they are not really looking to take the lease-up risk. So, that portfolio that we work through with them legible [ph] higher occupied. I would also say that those targeted disposition assets I mentioned are a little bit on the lower side, so pull the overall average down. But again, when you look at 90% of the remaining office portfolio, same kind of product, at least, equal to what the CBRT JV is acquiring. And it may  it might be a little bit less occupied today, but that doesn't mean it's worst product. It means it just has some lease-up and it will get leased up as things go. So I know there has been some concern, Paul, on this, but I think that transaction is very reflective of the value of our office portfolio today.
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. And what about rollovers, are there  are all the long-term leases in the JV?
Denny Oklak: No, no, not all long-term leases. Weve got long-term leases in other places and not all of the properties that went in there have long-term leases on them. A number of them, as I said, they're multi-tenant with staggered lease expirations.
Christie Kelly: So, just in summary, Paul, I mean, we looked at it on each key aspect in terms of what we were looking to contribute to the venture and that included, as Denny had said, lease rollover. We looked at the average age of the building; we looked at the NOI composition over the short term and the long term; we looked at the average size of the buildings; we looked at the number of tenants in the buildings; we looked at the average lease term in the buildings and then further to that, we looked at the average lease size. So on every attribute, we were very cognizant of what we viewed was the right properties to contribute versus what were the right properties to retain based on the longer-term growth prospect of our business.
Paul Adornato  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And next we have Jamie Feldman with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jamie Feldman  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Denny, I was hoping to get your thoughts on what you  AMB-ProLogis merger, what the impact would be on the US warehouse business in general?
Denny Oklak: Yes, Ill give you my thoughts as they are today. I don't really see a significant impact to be quite honest with you, Jamie. I think there's a couple of reasons that I would say that. One is  I guess, first of all, both of those two companies have obviously fairly significant US industrial presence, but they really have been focused internationally for a number of years now. And we really don't run into either one of those folks all that much and really very little quite honestly in most of our markets. And I think in  again, they do have a larger concentration in Southern California which we don't have a presence in. So I have a little bit more trouble speaking to that market, which is obviously a big distribution market. But we're pretty much in all the major distribution markets outside of that around the country. And I don't see that it has a major influence on us. The other thing is, they have  I think one of the other things if you look at is, in recent, ProLogis strategy in the last couple of years, they sold a lot of their domestic assets, including the recent transaction with Blackstone and the transaction they completed probably about a year ago, or maybe it's longer than that now with Stockbridge and the Texas Teachers. So, they actually sold a lot of their domestic assets. So, theyve downsized quite a bit and have focused more internationally. So, again, I think when you look at it, we're always running head to head with a lot of other folks. Typically, we've probably had more competition from some of the larger private developers and some of those other names that you know out there in a lot of our markets. So, obviously they will be a very big company and I think theyll  in certain ways they may be formidable I guess, but I just can't see that it is really going to have that significant effect on us, but we wish them well.
Jamie Feldman  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:
 :
Denny Oklak: Yes, we have one for sure that we know is in  down in Atlanta. We have Clorox in 600,000 square feet. They've given us a termination note as they are going to terminate in May, they have that provision in their lease. They actually are relocating to a build-to-suit down there done by somebody else, not ProLogis or AMB, and so that 600,000 coming at us in May. We actually have an 800,000 square foot leased down in Savannah that expires at the end of February with a tenant that we do not know yet whether that tenant is going to renew. There is a possibility. So, I mean, even when you just look at those two transactions, that's 1.4 million square feet and that's 1% of the portfolio. So, two big leases can have a significant effect when we to go overall average occupancy. Now, the thing I think you need to keep in mind though is generally speaking, the bigger square footage lease have an effect on our occupancy on the industrial side because they are bigger, but less of an effect on our overall FFO cash flow, because the rent is less than office building. So, we factored that into the guidance on each of these pieces, but again, I think there is going to be some pressure on that occupancy. We just have a number of others. We already had one termination of about 450,000 square feet down in Atlanta that occurred in January. So, I think the rest of them are a number of those in the 400,000 to 600,000 square foot range and they are just kind of spread around the system. So, the key is really going to be how quickly we backfill those folks that we know are going out and the market is certainly better and it's improving, but its  an overall improving market has sometimes  it's still hard to tell on any specific space what the effect is going to be.
Jamie Feldman  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks. And then, finally, talking to brokers lately, it sounds like there are developers out there thinking about starting up development again, what are your thoughts on when Duke would start to think about that in select markets?
Denny Oklak: Well, I haven't heard of anybody. I would like to. I talked to those brokers, but I really haven't heard of anybody thinking about it yet, to be honest with you, clearly not on the office side, I don't think anywhere on the industrial side. I think maybe in a couple markets like, I think we mentioned, Houston has been a very good market. And if you look at the vacancy statistics in Houston, it was under 7%, I think, towards the end of last year. So, we actually did start a building and it's partially pre-leased, it's a little under 50% preleased and it's not a huge building, its 300,000 square feet. So in that market, weve got that building under construction and feel very comfortable with it. Sitting here today, there aren't really, I don't think, any other markets where we  sitting here today that I would say we are even considering starting any spec projects on the industrial or office side. Hopefully, we'll see some more built-to-suits. We got a nice built-to-suit over in Columbus this year. But if you look at it, I think it's interesting. I saw a statistic today that there was only 17 million square feet of new industrial space started in 2010, I believe is what I read. And so that is really unbelievably low and if we look at it, we started about 1.6 million square feet of that. And so, I think we are cautiously optimistic that we may see a few more built-to-suit opportunities heading into 2011, because again a lot of the larger spaces have been taken now. And if a tenant needs to have a bigger space, it may not be available. But I still think on the spec basis, I would be very surprised if we see anybody start anything in the first half of this year.
Jamie Feldman  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Brendan Maiorana at Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo:
 :
Denny Oklak:
 : When you look at the fourth quarter, it was that one industrial building in Houston that I mentioned, plus several medical office buildings. And we are typically getting yields on the medical office buildings starting kind of in that mid-eight to low-nine range with very nice bumps, typically the pre-leasing activity that we have in there are at least ten-year leases, sometimes as long as 15. We are  as you can see, I think those were 56% pre-lease, so there's a little bit of lease-up in there, but again, those are all pretty much on campus, medical office buildings are doing well. Looking at the project we did in Houston, we're very pleased with the yield on that, that one is kind of in the mid to high eights on a nice industrial building in Houston and not a whole lot of risk, 47% pre-leased and actually, I think we're close on about half of the remaining building  remaining space in the building. And so I think that one's going to move along pretty quickly. We're very pleased when we signed the big build-to-suit over in Columbus in about August I think. We had a nice yield on that, starting in the mid-to-high eights and again, with some rent growths and a long-term lease. So I think if people  if there is development opportunities today, the yields are pretty good out there. And so, we're going to continue to focus and look for opportunities.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: I guess maybe what I am just trying to drive at a little bit is, you've got a long-term repositioning strategy that I think a lot of people think makes sense and I would agree with, but you've got acquisitions today which are pretty competitive and yield seems relatively low and you're making these very long-term asset allocation decisions. But it seems like maybe if you guys waited a couple of years and the development market came back a little bit, you could develop to higher yields in just a couple of years than buying stuff today, which might give you a little bit more near-term dilution as you sold assets today and weren't able to redeploy the capital into development longer, but Im just  I guess maybe I am just interested in why buy today as opposed to wait until the market comes back and develop maybe in a year or two?
Denny Oklak: Well, first of all, we want to get this repositioning done as quickly as we can, because we think that's the right thing to do long-term and we cant  we couldn't do that all through development. Its just not  with the development levels we see for the next three to five years, I just don't think we could do that. I will say three years, because five years I can't predict. The next three years, we don't think we could do that. And again, going back to my point that, we aren't really looking at it as an acquisition strategy, it's a disposition acquisition strategy. So, we are also selling, you are right that their pricing is pretty competitive on some of the industrial assets and some of the medical office assets, but we also think we are getting really nice pricing on the non-strategic and suburban office assets that we are selling today too. So I think that's the way we look at it. And then, the other thing I would point out is, I mentioned, we looked at lot of assets that we didn't buy last year, because it just didn't really fit into the strategy or we got outbid on the pricing. So, we looked at a lot more assets and bid on more assets than we actually got. So we are being, I think, very diligent in the process here and ending up. But I think when you look at our two major transactions in 2010, they were both big off-market deals and we are able to do that because of who we are, really in our contacts within the industry, people know us, people trust us, we've got great credibility, and the market knows what we were looking for. We made it very clear, so not only you all on the call as investors, but all the real estate community out there knows what we are looking for. So we find those opportunities and the bulk of the acquisitions we did last year was really off market, so we are pleased with that.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo:
 :
Denny Oklak: Well, I think if you actually look at the occupancy level of  on average to where we ended up in 2010 and where our average guidance is for 2011, there is not a whole lot of occupancy improvement in that, it's just a little bit. So on average, we ended up quite a bit better than we thought in 2010 and so, now we're saying we can hold that, do some upfront, get it back later in the year, but on average, stay about the same. I think the other thing when you look at it is, we count same store with NOI. So you got  it's not all driven by occupancy, because you got free rent factored into almost every deal you do today, so some of that free rent was burning off and we were starting to get NOI from those properties in 2010. Now heading into 2011, that free rent is gone which is good, so we're getting the cash, but we don't have as much burning off as we did in 2010, and so that burn-off has a greater impact on the increase. So we're starting from a higher base is really the bottom line. And then also, as we said, we're factoring in some more negative rent spreads heading into 2011. Again, I think in that 0% to 5% range is probably where we're going to end up the year kind of on an average basis, maybe a little bit worse on the office side, a little bit better on the industrial side.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo:
 :
Denny Oklak:
 : So looking into 2011, I think we are going to  we still have quite a ways to go, even though we're going to finish in September, we got quite a ways to go on that BRAC project and a pretty significant volume this year. So, I think we're going to have fairly consistent FFO from service operations this year as we basically said. Going forward, I think when you look at it, you're right, Brendan, we typically were in the range of probably $15 million to $25 million to maybe $30 million. It is a little bit volatile, that's why we don't want it to be a big piece of our business. But I think as we head off into 2012, you can expect it to be down into that $15 million to $30 million range again depending on what kind of projects we lay in and another big driver of that is if we do projects on our own land, we generally have higher margins in there. So  but I think a normal run rate is going to be in that $15 million to $30 million range long-term.
Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Michael Knott at Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Denny and Christie, on the repositioning metrics you gave, can you just remind us if that's  if you would look at NOI or undepreciated book value and then also if that's a pro rata figure?
Denny Oklak: Yes, it's pro rata and we're looking at, I mean, basically it's  they're pretty closer to same Michael, undepreciated book value and then NOI metrics. So, we are  I would tell you we're going to make sure sort of the NOI gets there, that's really what we're looking at. I think it will get there.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors:
 :
Christie Kelly: Michael, it's really just in terms of the capital strategy focus, it's really both. I mean, it really depends on what opportunities present themselves in the market. We're going to remain focused on deleveraging as it makes sense, but then also executing our capital strategy in alignment with our asset strategy as we've been doing.
Denny Oklak:
 :
Christie Kelly: That's right; it's all about lease-up on that front.
Denny Oklak: And then looking back at the asset strategy, actually we haven't really re-run that schedule yet, we'll be doing it here shortly to see exactly where we are to get to those 60% industrial, about 25% suburban, and about 15% medical office. But I think we're probably now, if you look at where we are, we probably got about $500 million to $700 million of increase in medical office to get us from the 6% to the 15%. And then, we probably have about another $1 billion or so to $1.2 billion of kind of flip-flop between office and industrial, and then I think we will  we would be at those numbers. So, when you think about it, we accomplished about $1 billion last year of repositioning, selling office and buying industrial. And so, if we could do that again this year which again we're not putting in our guidance, but if we could do that again this year then we would be just about done.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors:
 :
Denny Oklak: Yes, I think it is bringing the average down. It's probably  I would say that if you back out that 5% or 10%, we're probably about 88%, 89% leased. And in today's world or in a normal world, maybe not quite as much today, but if you are 89% leased, when you sell the, buyer is going to pay you a value of 95% roughly leased, but they are going to ding you a little bit for the cost it takes you to get 95% leased. So I still think today if you are selling  even if I am selling an 88% or 89% or 90% leased building, my valuation is not going to be that far off from where we sold those buildings that were on average 95% leased.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: And you're talking about not that far off from a price per pound and a cap rate, or maybe just a cap rate but not necessarily a price per pound?
Denny Oklak: Im talking both.
Christie Kelly: Both.
Denny Oklak: Yes.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: And then last question is just on the land bank. Obviously, you have a pretty sizable land bank and I think the disclosure has been skinned [ph] down. How should we think about evaluating what that land bank is worth today? Obviously, you're not developing a lot at the current time and without sort of knowing what all is in there today, how should we think about evaluating that?
Denny Oklak: Well, I think if you go back to a little over a year ago, I guess third quarter of '09 when we did  we did take an impairment charge on that land. We took about a 25% to 30% impairment charge on about 30% of land that we said we were going to sell. So far we  since that time, we've probably sold 15%, 20% of that land and we've sold it at or above those impaired value. So I think on that parcel of land, it was about $250 million, now it's down to probably around $200 million or so. I think that's fairly valued, because we took the impairment charge. And then the better stuff is what we didn't take the impairment charge on and we want to hold long-term. So again, I'm very comfortable with the valuation that what we're carrying at on our book. So to me, I think if you really look at our land bank, we obviously haven't taken any more impairment, so weve got no issues with the valuation we're carrying on our book. So that to me is the right number to look at.
Michael Knott  Green Street Advisors: Thank you.
Christie Kelly: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: And the next question is from Dave Rodgers with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets: Good afternoon. I got on the call late, but Denny  so I don't want to put words in your mouth. It sounded like what you said at the very beginning of your prepared comments was that industrial leasing had a pretty decent year last year, you expected maybe a little bit of a slowdown this year on inflection due to some retail inventory restocking, but you also talked about rate continuing to get better throughout the year. So I guess what I just wanted to make sure that I understood the directionality and the inflection that you were talking about and actually, have you seen a slowdown in your industrial leasing business over the past three to six months?
Denny Oklak: Sure, Dave, I can answer that. Yes, I just think what we really saw starting in about late third quarter, early fourth quarter of '09, particularly through I would say the end of the third quarter 2010, was really pretty significant leasing activity in the industrial business, pretty significant net absorption, didnt show up nationally until second quarter last year, but we were feeling it in the sort of fourth quarter of the year of 2009. And that was because the retailers were coming off such low inventory levels after the '08 Christmas season and all of the things that were going on in '09 that they really had to restock pretty significantly. And I think my sense is that when you look at where we ended up at the end of 2010 that most of those retailers had gotten back to a level on the inventory side that was going to be fairly stable for a while. They have picked up a lot of the downsides, and now from here on now it's going to be  growth in their business will also, I think, lead to growth in their inventory. Obviously and I think the rate of absorption we saw from sort of fourth quarter '09 through fourth quarter 2010 is probably going to slow a little bit. I think we'll still have some growth. In our business, I would say it hasn't slowed a whole lot. It actually was very good in the fourth quarter when you think about all the leasing activity we did $5.8 million. And just looking forward, I just think that rate of growth is going to slow some. And then also as I said, I think the rental rates are going to stabilize in most markets, either are stabilized or will be stabilizing here in the next few months, but I still think there's not going to be a lot of upward pressure on industrial rental rates through most of this year, could be a couple of exceptions in a couple of markets, but most markets, I don't think we are going to see a lot of upward pressure on the rental rates. Does that help?
Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets:
 :
Denny Oklak:
 :
Christie Kelly:
 :
Dave Rodgers  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from Ki Bin Kim from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie:
 :
Denny Oklak: Well, Ki Bin, I think all of our space is always under some kind of negotiation, but when I look at the lease expiration schedule, we've got about 10% of our portfolio overall, including JV rolling in 2010. I would say the expiration rate on the industrial is a little bit higher than the office heading into next year, because we've got some larger spaces as we keep talking about. Again, it's just so hard to answer that specific question, Ki Bin, because that its kind of spread all across the system. But we've got pretty good activity, one of the things we do is we have a report that we go over at least monthly with all of our city leaders or business unit heads and we go through their top five vacant spaces which  the top five vacant spaces actually is about 75% of our overall vacancy within the Company, 70% to 75%, so we're covering specifically 70% of our vacancy at least once a month. And for the most part there is decent activity on most of the spaces. There is a handful where we just don't have any activity right now, but I would tell you the level today is actually pretty good comparatively speaking, historically. It really was pretty solid, really solid heading into the fourth quarter, and again we had a good solid leasing quarter. And then, as typical when you get into January, everybody takes a deep breath because they just try to get everything closed before year end. I also think January appears to me to be a little bit slow because we've seen to have had a lot of weather issues all around the country, Atlanta was closed for a week here in January basically. So I think it has been a little bit slow, but I think there is still decent activity out there.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Could you expand on that a little bit more? I know it's only a one month into this new quarter, but how does it compare in terms of like traffic and I guess just general sentiment out there versus last year?
Denny Oklak: I would say it's very comparable. It may be up just a little bit from the first quarter of last year, January of last year, but again, it's just sort of a space-by-space analysis for us today. So, its  I dont  I am not seeing anything that causes me any concern.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: Okay. And just going back to the couple of big spaces that are in Atlanta, and I think you said Savannah that are coming due, have you had a lot of interest in those spaces, or are those the two spaces that you've had no kind of interest in?
Denny Oklak: I would say we got pretty good interest in  we've got a couple of spaces, bigger spaces in Atlanta and we've got pretty good interest. We haven't had a lot of discussion of this Savannah one, because we do not know whether the tenant is going to remain in there yet and so there hasn't been a lot of discussion on that one right now quite honestly.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie:
 :
Denny Oklak: Well  no, I don't think we said a big piece was for real estate taxes. Some of that revenue increase in the office side was from lower  are from real estate tax adjustments. But I think most of our same store was driven last year by occupancy increases, really. Again, occupancy increases that burn off of free rent were the biggest factors driving 2010 NOI growth. But just getting back to your question, I think we still got a fairly long way to go on the real estate tax side. I mean, I think we made some really good progress in the second half of last year, really had our team focused on it. We have an in-house real estate tax group that's very experienced that has been doing this for a long time and we were very successful last year which is obviously not surprising when you think about what values have done over sort of 2008 and 2009 and how those real estate tax cycles work. So I think we can see some more good progress this year and weve got a few more places to work through.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: If you could, can you kind of put some numbers around that if the total goal was to kind of reassess a 100% of your portfolio and getting tax assessments, how much has that  how much of that have you completed in 2010 or up to 2010? And you guys, same kind of example, how much do you think you would reasonably get to in 2011?
Denny Oklak: Yes, I think there is probably about, I would guess 30% to 35% of our portfolio to go and I think we'll get to most of that this year.
Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie: All right. Perfect. Thank you.
Christie Kelly: Thanks, Ki Bin.
Operator: And our last question is from Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank: Hey, guys, my questions have actually been answered thanks.
Christie Kelly: Thanks, Vincent.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Randy Henry: I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today. Our first quarter earnings call is tentatively scheduled for April 28. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, my name is Sarah and Ill be your conference facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the ProLogis third quarter 2010 financial results conference call. Todays call is being recorded. All lines are currently in a listen only mode to prevent any background noise. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). The questions will be taken in order in which they are received. Also, please limit yourself to one question at a time. At this time, Id like to turn the conference over to Ms. Melissa Marsden, managing director of investor relations and corporate communications with Prologis. Please go ahead maam.
Melissa Marsden: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning everyone and welcome to our third quarter 2010 conference call. By now you should all have received an email with a link to our supplemental, but if not, it is available on our website at prologis.com under investor relations. This morning well hear from Walt Rakowich, CEO, to comment on the market environment and then Bill Sullivan, CFO, will cover results and guidance. Additionally, we are joined today by Ted Antenucci, President and Chief Investment Officer, and Gary Anderson, Head of Global Operations and Investment Management. Yesterday afternoon, we announced our intention to offer, subject to market and other conditions, 80 million of our common shares. A separate press release was issued and a preliminary prospectus was filed providing details about the proposed transaction. The proposed offering is being made only by means of the preliminary prospectus supplement and related prospectus. I would refer you to the press release and the preliminary prospectus supplement for more specifics about the offering. Because this offering is pending, we are unable to say more about it on this call. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I would like to state that this conference call will contain forward looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about the market and the industry in which ProLogis operates as well as managements beliefs and assumptions. Forward looking statements are not guaranteed the performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors please refer to the forward looking statement notice in our SEC filings. Id also like to add that our third quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA, that are non GAAP measures, and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided reconciliation to those measures. As weve done in the past, to give a broader range of investors and analyst the opportunities to ask their questions, we will ask you to please limit your questions to one at a time. Walt, would you please begin?
Walt Rakowich: Thanks, Melissa and good morning everyone. Weve got a lot to talk about this morning, so let me get right to it. Its clear to us now that market conditions are improving. In Q2, we reported that net absorption had turned positive by 11 msf in US markets. In Europe, the same positive trend occurred. In Q3, we again saw positive net absorption of 7 msf feet in the US. The figures arent in yet for Europe, but we expect the results to be on the plus side as well. It had been obvious for some time that sales growth was outpacing inventory growth, as you would expect in the beginning of a recovery. Were now beginning to see this trend reverse itself. There are few important data points in our third quarter operating results that point to fundamental improvement. First, same store NOI was a positive 0.27% and overall occupancies rose again by 24 basis points, mainly driven by occupancy increases in our direct owned portfolio. Our static development leasing was up by 217 basis points. Slower than previous quarters, but about what we expected due to the summer months in Europe where decisions are slow to materialize. Since the end of the quarter, overall activity has picked up. And given quarter-to-date agreements and leasing activity, we still expect our static development portfolio to be about 80% leased by year end. In addition, rental rates are becoming more encouraging. Theyve certainly flattened out in most markets. And now, in a few markets, theyre beginning to rise. For the last four quarters, our rental rate growth has been down 13.9% on average. This quarter its down 8.5%. And finally, as weve previously mentioned, were seeing some markets where new space is almost completely absorbed. This is an incredibly positive sign for the markets and for our development business. Now let me just spend a few minutes on our overall portfolio strategy. In our view, nobody in the industry owns a more geographically diverse portfolio of high quality industrial assets than ProLogis. Thats one of the benefits of having developed hundreds of millions of square feet of new product in global markets over the last 15 years. However, we intend to pursue opportunities to optimize our portfolio and sharpen our investment focus. Our aim is to invest our capital in the highest quality assets in major logistics corridors. In our supplemental disclosure on page 5.4, we list the major logistic corridors in North America, Europe, and Japan and our investment in those markets. Were especially interested in these corridors because they have the highest concentration of population, which of course fuels consumption and business spending. These characteristics drive a deep and consistent need for goods and distribution in those areas. Currently, we have 71% of our capital in these major corridors, adjusted for the Blackstone transaction. Over time, you are going to see us take this to 80 to 90% of our capital. And youll also see our development business more highly focused in these areas as well. That is not to say that we see little opportunity in some of the smaller, secondary markets. In fact, those opportunities will continue to exist, but our strategy will be more concentrated in the major markets from a long term, capital investment perspective. Which we believe will serve ourselves better in the years ahead. So, how does this play into our thinking around the recently announced sale to Blackstone? Well, our strategy has been to recycle out of non strategic assets in predominantly secondary US. markets. This transaction moves us forward in the accomplishment of that objective. Of the direct owned sale portfolio, 72% of the assets are outside of the major logistics corridors in which we have chosen to concentrate our investment. In addition, the average tenant size of 44,000 square feet is about 40% smaller than our average across the company. And, only 8% of the square footage in the portfolio is leased by our global customers. So, after the completion of the transaction, well have an additional $2 to $2.5 billion of non strategic industrial assets that well target for distributions in future years. By recycling proceeds from these sales into new development, we believe we will substantially increase the NAV of the company. In addition, were going to look to exit our remaining investment in non industrial properties, which primarily consists of retail and other assets we acquired during the Catellus merger. Historically, there were tax consequences in selling these assets before 2014 given the 10 year tax prohibition of selling assets that were once held in a c corporation. However, the recent Jobs Bill, recently passed changed that provision for 2010 and 2011, and we now have a window to sell these assets sooner without C corp tax consequences. We will complete the first phase of these dispositions, by selling off our interest in the New Orleans Hilton, which we announced in the Blackstone transaction, and we are now actively engaged in the disposition of our remaining investment, which we hope to close in early 2011. Looking ahead to the future, our prospects for growth are strong. Weve talked in the past about embedded growth in our overall occupancies and in our land bank, both of which are significant. We also think there will be future growth in market rents as they climb back to replacement cost levels, although that may take some time and it could be a little bit down the road. The emerging opportunity is in our development business. We have a very unique global franchise of people, customers, and land. In certain markets new product is virtually all absorbed and rents are poised to rise. Construction costs have adjusted downward. Competitors are on the sidelines, and were at an all time low in terms of new supply. And most importantly, customers are beginning to look for new space. We believe our new development starts will grow next year to $800 million, to perhaps as much as $1 billion. Levels will be up from this year in all regions of the world. How do we plan to pay for it. Really, in two different ways. For developments that are not in markets where we want our long term capital to be, we will be sellers. Just like we were this year when we built the Co-op build-to-suit and sold it in Scotland, and Miyagi build to suit in Sendai, Japan. For the balance of it, as I mentioned, we will methodically recycle our capital out of older product or secondary markets, with the aim of holding those developments in targeted markets. This will create growth in our NAV, improve our geographic diversification and enhance the quality and concentration of our portfolio within major logistics corridors. Now, let me turn it over to Bill.
Bill Sullivan: Thanks, Walt. This morning I plan to cover four aspects of the companies financial position and strategy: Q3 and year-to-date results, expectations for Q4 strategic positioning, a high level overview of our outlook for 2011, and how were thinking about our dividend. We reported $0.22 per share in FFO for Q3 2010, after adding back $0.01 of non cash adjustments associated with impairments related to the sale of one building and one land parcel as well as modest losses from the early retirement of debt. Of the $0.22 per share in FFO for the quarter, $0.07 was in gains associated with contributions to PEP II and the sale of Ichikawa II, while the remaining $0.15 was core FFO. Q3 core FFO was slightly ahead of the guidance we provided last quarter when we stated that Q3 would comprise roughly 40% of our second half core FFO. Approximately $0.01 of Q3 core FFO was due to timing differences with the largest being reimbursement of certain expenses that had been budgeted for Q4. Gains of $0.07 per share also slightly exceeded the 30% of second half gains we anticipated in Q3, principally due to the strength yen and its effect on the sale proceeds of Ichikawa II. While weve seen significant strengthening of the Euro versus the Dollar in recent weeks, the average Euro exchange rate for core operating earnings in Q3 was $1.28 versus $1.29 for Q2, and therefore, the strength of the Euro was not a particular factor for Q3 core FFO. For the nine months ended September 30th, we have generated FFO, excluding non cash items, of $0.42. After adding back the $0.08 of non recurring charges that we highlighted in earlier conference calls, we have generated $0.50 of FFO relative to our full year guidance; of which $0.38 represents core FFO, with the remainder being gain related. Last week, with the announcement of our agreement to sell over $1 billion of assets to Blackstone, we reduced and tightened our full year core FFO range to reflect $0.015 to $0.02 of dilution. This was primarily due to exceeding our original guidance for sales and contributions of $1.3 to $1.5 billion. Additionally, the closing of the sales will take place sooner than expected with limited immediate reinvestment opportunities other than paying down the line of credit balance to zero and paying off our November bond maturity. For the first quarter in a long while, Im not going to spend any time talking about debt maturities. With less than $400 million due before 2012 in non balance sheet debt, we are well positioned. We do, however, intend to continue to deleverage the company and bring our leverage, debt-to-EBITDA and fixed charge coverage in line with the sector and in line with investment grade metrics. We remain comfortable with our guidance for full FFO, excluding non cash items, from $0.70 to $0.78, which includes gains. Relative to core, including the dilutive impact from the Blackstone transaction, we expect our Q4 core FFO run rate to be roughly flat with Q3. As noted in our press release, we anticipate taking charges in the fourth quarter associated with strategic positioning activities, which will not be included in our definition core FFO. Relative to the strategic positioning initiative, we are highly focused on implementing a number of these in the fourth quarter. The most significant of which are: The strategic decision to more aggressively pursue land sales, wherein, we are undertaking a rigorous, re-evaluation of all land position, with the aim to expand the bucket of land we will actively pursue sales on. As a result, we may take further impairments on our current book basis, which we would expect to be in line with discount ranges presented in our recent investor presentations. We are going to pursue a tender for various bonds and or converts of between $1 billion and $2 billion with the principal intent of further smoothing our annual maturities, as well as deploying the proceeds from our asset sales more accretively. The cost associated with these tenders, from both potential premium paid as well as transaction cost, will be incurred a special charges in Q4. We are likely to close out a few derivative positions inside our funds, which have become ineffective, as well as incur swap breakage costs as a result of a partial repayment of some fund debt. There would be one time charges associated with these transactions. We continue to focus on simplifying the company in creating incremental cost savings from structural and platform efficiencies, some of which may be incurred or reserved for in Q4. Finally, we are pursuing the sale of various non-core, retail, mixed use and ground lease assets, principally associated with our purchase of Catellus in 2005. The pursuit of the sale of these assets will likely result in a book impairment of approximately $120 million in Q4, but will also move us well down the path of simplification and getting back to our industrial roots. Implementation of these initiatives represents the completion of our stabilization and simplification task that we laid out two years ago in New York. Relative to these tasks, were at the 26 mile mark in the marathon and the finish line is in clear sight. Lastly, let me address our thinking about our dividend and core FFO for 2011. While the Blackstone transaction is expected to generate taxable gains, due to our intent to repurchase debt and other anticipated fourth quarter charges, our taxable income will be lower than we originally planned. As such, we plan to distribute $0.1125 per share in the fourth quarter. Our Board currently intends to maintain this level of cash dividend throughout 2011, which is a dividend level more in line with our expected taxable income and AFFO from core operations. We anticipate growing the dividend over time in line with AFFO growth. Turning to core FFO per share in 2011, we are looking at growth of 15% or more over 2010 core. And we plan to provide detail business drivers to support that guidance in early 2011. While our growth rate in 2011 will be impacted by the reinvestment dilution associated with our 2010 asset sales, we anticipate growth from the impact of further development portfolio leasing and occupancy, new built-to-suit developments coming online and higher average occupancies in both the funds and core portfolios. With that, let me turn it back over to Walt to wrap up.
Walt Rakowich: Thanks, Bill. In closing, let me just say a few things first. Global markets are beginning to rebound and occupancies continue to rise. Overall, its beginning to feel better out there. Second, we think there will be strong development opportunities with healthy margins for companies with customer relationships, land, expertise and access to capital. This is where we intend to deploy the vast amount of our capital in the years ahead. And, third, when you combine the potential NAV accretion from the diversified development business, with the upside associated with occupancy gains, depressed market rents and monetization of land; its a powerful backdrop for future growth. Brighter days are ahead. Thank you. And, now, operator were able to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Our question and answer session will be conducted electronically. (Operator Instructions). We will pause for just a moment to assemble our roster. Your first question comes from the line of Rob Salisbury from UBS. Your line is open.
Ross Nussbaum: I just wanted to clarify from the earnings release that the commentary surrounding the expected FFO per share growth in 2011 of 15% plus. Did that include or exclude the expected earnings dilution from the equity offering?
Bill Sullivan: Because this public offering is pending, were unable to say more about it on this call.
Walt Rakowich: Were sorry about that, but we just cant say anything about the offering.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa from ISI Group. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Walt, maybe you cant answer this one either. It seems like you went through a lot of conferences in September and I know that there was maybe half the people told you to do something, half the people told you not to do something. And it seems like you guys were pretty steadfast in agreeing you needed to deleverage the company but that you didnt need to do it right away. It just seems like your thought process has changed rather quickly, but yet you talk about the business being good and improving both on the development side and on the core leasing side. Im just trying to figure out whats changed in the last couple of weeks?
Walt Rakowich: Well, I guess let me answer the thought process associated with what we had said in the past, Steve. We knew, eventually that we will have to issue equity in the company. It was just really a question of when. But our focus, really, was and continues to be, asset sales. The focus of the asset sales, I think we talked about somewhat deleveraging but also, candidly, repositioning the portfolio and paying for future development. And that really hasnt changed one iota. And, were going to continue to focus on those asset sales moving forward. Now, that said, we may or may not be doing, some of our plan next year will come out in January as to how much we plan to sell next year. It may not be nearly as much as this year because, at the end of the year, we may end up selling, $1.6 to $1.7 billion of sales. I dont think were going to need that much in the way of sales moving forward. But really, our plan hasnt changed overall nor has our overall view that eventually we would have to bring equity into the company. And thats just a question of when.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sloan Bohlen from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Sloan Bohlen: Sort of a similar question in regard to future asset sales. One, if maybe you could size the prospect for land sales going forward. What youre looking at there? And, then with regard to, for those future sales, how much of that goes towards new development versus how much of that would go towards further deleveraging the company, and whether theres a target in mind with regards to leverage?
Bill Sullivan: Sloan, let me pick up on that. I think weve been fairly consistent in terms of our long term leverage metrics. People measure them in different ways but the way we look at it from a debt-to-gross real estate asset perspective. We want to be in that sort of low 40s max of 40% to 45% range and over the long term hopefully towards the bottom end of that range, if not below. From a debt-to-EBITDA perspective, we clearly intend to get that down into the sevens, and from a fixed charge coverage ratio, we want to get that up. All of those metrics we want to get in line with strong BBB investment grade metrics, and so thats where were focused. In terms of the asset sales and land sales, were still working through the whole budgeting process and allocation. Our intent is to more aggressively pursue land sales, by widening and opening up the bucket of land available for sale. Thats not in and of itself going to generate land sales but it will certainly give our guys better direction and the ability to get creative in that. Weve talked about, over the next two to three years, that we want to get our ultimate land balance down into that $600 million to $750 million range. Thats our focus in terms of land sales, as well as, putting land into development is long term, getting it down into that range. So if you sort of look three years out, thats where wed hope to be.
Walt Rakowich: And Id also just wanted to say that again we havent come out with the 2011 plan, but one of the things I referenced in my discussion is on page 5.4. Its new disclosure, but where weve sort of highlighted what we believe to be the major logistics corridors in the markets that we operate in. This is where a lot of our investment, a majority of our investment, will take place in the future. And again, this is where 71% of our investment is today. So, one of the things I would say as it relates to land sales in the future is that the sales that will take place, will likely be more weighted outside of these markets than inside these markets. In other words, our view is that we would be developing in these markets. Which isnt to say that we dont have some parcels within these markets that could be for sale, but it is to say that were going to look very, very closely at developing and our focus development in these markets. And, so in the determination of all of that, well take that into account.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from Macquarie. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: To follow up on that previous question, regarding your leverage targets, what are the leverage targets that youre credit rating agencies are comfortable with in terms of debt-to-EBITDA or fixed charge coverage? And, it seems like even to hit your own leverage targets, even the best possible scenario with the pending capital raise, seems like youre pretty far off. So how do you reconcile that?
Bill Sullivan: Well, first of all, because the public offering is pending were unable to say anything about that on our call. But I think you ought to go back and take a look at the debt et cetera because candidly, were not that far off the debt metrics other than on the debt-to-EBITDA side. As we monetize land and as we lease up the development portfolio as well as the gain occupancies in the overall portfolio, we believe our EBITDA will increase substantially. And so the only metric in my mind that were out of line on today is really debt-to-EBITDA. Thats because of the non performing assets, or non income producing assets. So Id go back and recalculate some of those debt metrics. But relative to the rating agencies, Im not going to go through every single agency. We put this in our presentation back at the BAML conference a couple of weeks ago. Every single agency calculates each of those metrics in a dramatically different fashion. So they have debt-to-EBITDA targets, one of them has if youre below 10 times youre in good shape. Fixed charge coverage, one of them has if youre at 1.5, another at 2.0, but they bear no relationship to each other in the calculation. And so its just a very confusing thing. I would encourage you to go back and look at sort of the last page of our presentation and you can get some indication as to how differently they calculate them, but clearly were focused on improving the leverage metrics.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Caton from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Chris Caton: I think Im following up on a line of questioning. Looking at the major logistics corridors and where you have investments, can you talk about the positioning of your existing land bank and where it is relative to these logistics corridors and where you see, say earliest, say spec development being justified by market fundamentals?
Walt Rakowich: I can. Although Chris, I will say that as Bill said in the fourth quarter were going to undertake a review of the investment in the land and take impairments. So I want to caveat my comments by saying that the book value today may not be the book value at the end of the fourth quarter. I will say, based on the book value today, close to 79 or 78% of our land is in the US. logistics corridors and about 66% of our land is in the corridors in Europe, relative to the book value today. Now again, that may change with the overall analysis that were going to undertake in the fourth quarter but it does give you a pretty good idea. I will say that those numbers pretty closely mirror the acreage, which obviously will not change. So, we are pretty well positioned to develop in those corridors relative to our land overall. But again, I cant tell you where the fourth quarter numbers are going to come out.
Bill Sullivan: In terms of the second part of the question was, what markets are likely for?
Walt Rakowich: The build-to-suit business, were seeing across the board. I mean, we are seeing in markets, its not like you have more build-to-suits in one market verses another. Its amazing how spread out that seems to be. What thats really done is create an opportunity for us, this year at least, to look at a few build-to-suits and do we want to own this or dont we want to own this? As I mentioned in my comments, two of those build-to-suits we decided to sell off. One was in Sendai and one was in Scotland. With that said, I think the markets that are probably ripe for development in the future and, Ill say this, by saying non-build-to-suit development, i.e. a little bit more inventory development, are L.A. seems to be picking up steam. Toronto is picking up steam. Potentially pockets of Washington D.C. are picking up steam. Id also say areas within the UK, and areas with certain size ranges within the UK particularly larger buildings appear to be picking up steam. Our folks are very bullish on Stuttgart and Munich. So there are areas throughout the world and certainly Tokyo, there are areas throughout the world where we really believe the markets are actually back today. Well begin to see some development moving into next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Maiorana from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Brendan Maiorana: I just wanted to go into the guidance a little bit more and maybe exclude the potential impact from the equity offering because you guys cant talk about it. If youre at $0.42 year-to-date and at $0.53 to $0.56 for the full year. So $0.11 to $0.14 in Q4, how are you going to get up to a 15% growth per share over the 2010 estimated in 2011? Given that the run rate will be around, I guess the $0.12 to $0.13 a share range in Q4 and that probably doesnt include the full quarter impact of the Blackstone sale. And then youll be selling an additional $350 to $550 million of non core assets, which are also likely to be dilutive. So it just seems like, theres a lot of growth thats going to get baked into 2011, and Im wondering where thats going to stem from?
Bill Sullivan: Well, let me clarify. Hopefully for the, maybe the second to last quarter, but one of the last two quarters of confusing numbers because as we head into 2011, we hope to have this thing simplified. So that all the numbers that everybody is focused on are identical and hopefully you guys will start focusing on core as a key sort of guidance measure so that the consensus estimates out there become consistent. But, just to clarify the $0.42 etcetera. Back in my comments, I talked about the fact that weve got $0.42 of year-to-date FFO. However, in the first quarter, and this is all related to our guidance in the first quarter we had about $0.08 of actual cash but not non recurring charges principally associated with our tender exercise earlier in the year where we paid some premiums on the repurchases of those bonds. So when we talked about guidance, we were talking about excluding those sort of one time charges. If you exclude those one time charges of about $0.08, weve generated $0.50 of FFO this year, relative to our $0.70 to $0.78 full year guidance. On a core FFO basis, weve generated $0.38 this year. In other words, of that $0.50, $0.12 is clearly related to gains. Weve generated $0.38 of FFO, relative to our core FFO guidance of $0.53 to $0.56. Therefore, our fourth quarter, to come inside the range, would be $0.15 to $0.18 or $0.19. Now weve taken into account the dilutive impact that well have in the fourth quarter from the reinvestment of the Blackstone proceeds et cetera. But just, I want everybody to be clear, from our perspective relative to our guidance, our FFO; our core FFO year-to-date is $0.38 and our full year FFO, year to date is $0.50 relative to our guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sri Nagarajan from FBR Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Sri Nagarajan: Walt, just following up on your earlier comments on the markets that are picking up steam and your starts of $800 to $1 billion in development for next year, is this a net expansion or existing tenants simply moving up to better locations? Meaning that, are they increasing overall demand from net new demand or is just an expansion or are people simply moving around?
Walt Rakowich: First  of all, in the last four quarters weve started $593 million of new starts. Just to put things into context, lets just round that and say in the last four quarters its been $600 million. So the expansion would be going from, if you will, $600 million to what we think is $800 million to $1 billion. What weve really seen for the most part in the last four quarter is a little bit of musical chairs, meaning that companies are moving from one facility into another generally in search of efficiencies. So, they may not be expanding, but they are certainly keeping, roughly the same square footage some may be a little up, some a little down but moving from one asset, which is older into another asset thats newer. What we expect to see and what were beginning to see overall is expansion. If you take a look at the fact that first of all in the US, gross absorption last year was down roughly 50 msf to 60 msf. It was the first year gross absorption was down in the US in the over 25 years since its been tracked. This year, year-to-date gross absorption is a positive 35 msf. In most years, if you go back over 25 years, gross absorption is anywhere from 50 msf on the low side to close to 200 msf on the high side. And so, what were beginning to see is positive gross absorption. Were seeing the same thing in Europe. That really to me, says that were looking at expansion. In my view, expansion means an overall expansion of our business. So we feel that we could build roughly another $600 million to $700 million of build-to-suits next year if the market was, if you will, still in musical chair land. But in fact, we think the market will be expanding next year based on what we see and thats what gives us more comfort in the $800 million to $1 billion range. Let me just point out one other thing. If you take a look at overall retail sales and track that on a peak to trough basis, those retails sales went down 12%, then up 9.5% and theyre down roughly by 4% peak to trough. And then you look at inventories, which went down 15%, and theyve only recovered about 6%, and theyre basically down 10.5% peak to trough. What that basically tells you is retail sales are rebounding, inventories havent rebounded but again were seeing that inventory rebound starting to kick in today. In terms of our discussions with our customers, in terms of the positive absorption that were seeing, all of that is giving us comfort moving into next year that we should see an expanding development program.
Gary Anderson: Id just add if you look beyond the development portfolio and look at our broad portfolio, the composition of our customer base really hasn't changed that dramatically over the course of the last year. Its still 3PLs, transportation companies, electronics, appliance and paper packaging being the largest customer segments. But what we really have seen is certain segments begin to emerge. So internet retailers are emerging as a group that is really taking up space as well as food and supermarkets, healthcare and paper and packaging. The paper and packaging companies are segmented as a group that were really looking closely at because they track very closely the increases in retail sales and inventory levels.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Guinee from Stifel. Your line is open.
John Guinee: Bill when you do your math, essentially what your implying is that you can run this business at a $0.15 to $0.16 FFO run rate for the fourth quarter and then in to 2011. Is that an accurate statement, and can you push it beyond that? And then the second question is, Walt, as you know, you can sell assets anywhere from a sub 6 cap, up to unsafe at any cap, they wont even trade it at a 9 or a 10 at a third tier quality product in third tier markets. Can you sort of run through the spectrum of cap rates throughout your portfolio? As you, as you do your 2011 planning?
Bill Sullivan: That was a fabulously sneaky way to get two questions in. Let me address the first. I think your first statement is accurate. When we look at the fourth quarter that sort of number makes sense and that will drive into 2011. At that point, we will see. We probably expect a continued roll down on rent renewals, but hopefully nothing as dramatic as we saw earlier in the year and hopefully more on a line that is coming down. However, we will have the benefits of the incremental occupancy that we gained this year in the development portfolio and hopefully increasing occupancies in both the overall portfolio but particularly the development portfolio going into next year. So we are going to have a little bit of a roll down but were also going to have increased occupancies and the full year of benefits. Now thats going to be tempered a bit depending upon the reinvestment opportunities associated with the asset sales et cetera. Again those are marginally, or slightly, dilutive today because our easiest and most obvious reinvestment rate is in reducing lower cost debt. So weve got a spread there. But overall, I think you hit the nail on the head in terms of fourth quarter as sort of the runway going into 11.
Walt Rakowich: And John, good question on the cap rate, and youre right you can run the gamut on this thing. So let me just say, I know of very few assets that we own that I would classify as third tier quality. So, its hard for me to really speak to that. If you got a third tier quality asset, you might not be able to sell it at all but we dont own that type of product by and large. So, I would just say the spectrum of cap rates. Let me talk first about new assets throughout the world and then well focus on second tier. New assets in Japan are probably 5.5% today. In the UK, its probably 6 to 6.25%. On the continent in Europe and Western Europe, it is probably 7%. Id say US major markets would be anywhere from 6.5, maybe even low 6s, to7%. And when I say major markets, its really the US large corridors that are listed on page 5.4. So, our focus is really building assets at an 8 or 8.5 or a 9 and picking up NAV growth through where the new asset cap rates are. But if we look at secondary markets and really, we dont own a lot of second generation properties in secondary markets, but to the extent that we do, Id say those assets today are trading anywhere from 7.25 to probably an 8.5. And that kind of circles the fence lets say and that would be in the US. And thats hard for me. And I would say that is probably the case for Europe as well, its hard for me to really gauge where second generation assets would trade in Japan. Nor do we really own much in the way of second generation assets in Europe, so we dont see a lot of that trading. But in the US, again I would say 7.25 to 8.5, if theyre decent assets in second generation markets that have a little bit of age to them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Frankel from Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Steven Frankel: You guys have mentioned NAV a few times in the presentation. Where do you see that today and what are your thoughts on other ways to you cant talk about todays exact equity offering, but think about equity raises potentially at below the mid point of your previous published NAVs going forward, and how do you make up for the dilution?
Walt Rakowich: I think weve got, Steve, what weve published in terms of NAV in the past and all of that is in the supplemental reports, so, I dont know exactly how to answer your question other than to say I think we have provided it pretty clearly. In terms of equity, I think we have to be careful at this point in time because we have the public offering, and so we are unable to say more about it on the call. After today, we should be able to talk a little bit more about it, hopefully.
Bill Sullivan: We laid out, both at NAREIT and more recently the Bank of America conference, our range of NAV relative to the components. We put those components, you know the inputs to those components, in our supplemental every quarter now. Relative to our NAV, beauty is in the eye of the beholder. I would encourage all of you to sort of look at our template, look at our inputs and then apply whatever sort of valuation metrics into those inputs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman from Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Walt, you and even Bill talked about the fact, and I think you even said you glossed over the debt maturity schedule because there really is no use and its really been smoothed out so theres no immediate use of proceeds even in the Blackstone transaction, just being able to pay down the line of credit. So I guess as I sit back and think about a lot of the things that you said during the year. In terms of even pushing out a lot of the sales to later because you didnt have a use of the proceeds why is now the time to get really, really aggressive on raising capital and then even pay a premium to tender for debt. Why not stay the course and continue what youre doing?
Bill Sullivan: This is going to sound repetitive, because this public offering is pending, we are unable to say more about it on this call. However, relative to the debt tenders and repurchasing debt, look I think, personally, it makes sense to continue to attack the debt maturities and the smoothing of those debt maturities at all times. Paying a premium for potentially pieces of that is a factor of where interest rates are now versus where our debt costs are. The other opportunity in attacking some of that debt is to position ourselves better for future debt issuances, and candidly, transfer some of that debt that we might issue in the future over into the Euro related Eurobond market to begin increasing the natural hedge on the Euro. Weve gotten a pretty sizeable rise on the Euro over the last four to six weeks. We do already put in place TMK bond debt as we stabilize our Japan buildings and so that provides a natural hedge to the yen, but were light on the natural hedge of the Euro today. So cleaning up some of this debt, taking it out of the system, smoothing out the maturities and potentially being able to replace it with Euro denominated debt over the next 12 to 18 months, in our mind, would be prudent.
Walt Rakowich: Michael, Ive also answer a piece of your question by saying that we do think that the growth opportunities are picking up steam. At the end of the day, we want to make sure that we are extremely well capitalized in this company to take advantage of those opportunities. I think that our views, certainly in the last three months, are beginning to progress, because we are seeing the markets get better and better and better. And I think theres going to be a number of companies that are developers out there that will be on the sidelines and not able to take advantage of those opportunities because theyre not well capitalized. Our company is in a great position take advantage of them, and we want to make sure that we are well capitalized to do it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Auerbach from ISI Group. Your line is open.
George Auerbach: Walt you mentioned that rent roll downs improved in the third quarter but whats your expectation for roll downs in 2011? And I guess across the portfolio where do you think in place, escalated rents are today relative to market?
Walt Rakowich: I am going to ask Gary to get that one. Gary can you get that one?
Gary Anderson: I think that Walt said in the beginning of the call. We are seeing net effective rent basically stabilize across all of our global markets. We are expecting them to be flat to up in 2011. For the last four quarters, the average rental rate growth was negative 13.9, and again, Q3 was negative 8.51%. I think our view is that there is going to be variation in the go forward quarters probably up from that 8.51% but ultimately it will trend down through 2011 as we roll off 2006, 07 and 08 peak rents. So the general trend is down from where we are today.
Walt Rakowich: And Id say George, its hard, its really hard to say where the rents are relative to market because the market really is moving quickly. If you take a look at where our investment is, one of the things we really havent talked about is we have $2.4 billion of our investment in L.A, which is sizable relative to the overall company, it is our largest investment by 2.5 times any place in the world and were beginning to see rents move up in Southern California. So it could have a very significant impact, positive impact, on our rent roll downs next year, and weve got to take a close look at it. I would estimate that we are still over market by call it 5, 6, 7% in the aggregate. But that could really change very quickly. I mean market rents jump 5% and all of a sudden, three months from now, I will tell you we are at market. So well see, but we are beginning to see some good things happening out in the market place today.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Sri Nagarajan from FBR Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Sri Nagarajan: For the follow up question here, I think your peer AMB remarked that their remaining lease up of property is taking incrementally longer to lease up because whats left over is in the sub markets that are weaker. As you sit on a 75%, 73% leased to development portfolio to easing up. What is your prognosis on this?
Walt Rakowich: Id answer this by saying, we ended the quarter at slightly below 75%. One I want to point out so that everybody knows is that we have a development portfolio leasing number and then we have, if you will, a static leasing number. The reason we track that static number because as we leased up some of these buildings we had commitments to contribute those assets into mainly the European fund and the Japan joint venture as well. So, as we take those out of the portfolio, the leasing essentially drops because you are taking fully leased buildings and essentially contributing them. So, if you look on page 3.1 the actual leasing in the static portfolio, down at the bottom, is 74%. That number, I can tell you, has jumped materially since then, closer to 76% today because of some of the leasing that weve done in the quarter. And thats what gives us confidence that that number will rise to 80%. That number went up 217 basis points during the quarter. Weve talked about it, if you go back to what we talked about in the second quarter call, we knew that the third quarter would be a little slower it always is in Europe. The majority of the space that needs to be leased is in Europe. So, weve got confidence based on the activities that we see that we will be in that 80% type level at the end of the year.
Ted Antenucci: Ted Antenucci here, also, relative to your question pertaining to weaker sub markets, I think we wouldnt really describe that the buildings are necessarily in weaker sub markets. For the most part everything we built is in the best markets in the world. There are certainly going be some buildings that we have leased a portion of, that will have space available in, that are 100,000 square foot unit or 150,000 square foot unit, of the larger building. Often times, it takes a little while to find the right size customer to fit that remaining space. So, as time goes on, you end up with less available units that will meet users demands, or users needs, and therefore youre not going to be able to lease it as quickly as you did when you had two or three units that were larger that could be broken down and accommodate just about any size. So I think naturally it takes longer as you get to the end, but I wouldnt necessarily describe it because theyre lesser quality buildings.
Walt Rakowich: Thank you everybody for your questions. We look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT and on the next quarter call.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays ProLogis third quarter 2010 financial results conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-30 15:00:00) =====
Executives Randy Henry  Assistant Vice President, Investor RelationsDenny Oklak  Chairman and CEOChristie Kelly  Executive Vice President and CFOMark Denien  Chief Accounting OfficerAnalysts Ki Bin Kim  MacquarieJosh Attie  CitiChris Caton  Morgan StanleyBrendan Maiorana  Wells FargoMike Knott  Green Street AdvisorsVincent Chao  Deutsche BankSloan Bohlen  Goldman SachsOperator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Duke Realty Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer period instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions)And as a reminder todays conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Assistant Vice President of Investor Relations, Randy Henry. Please go ahead.Randy Henry Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. And welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Joining me today will be Denny Oklak, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Christie Kelly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Denien, Chief Accounting Officer.Before we make our prepared remarks, let me remind you that the statements we make today are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Some of these risk factors include our continued qualification as a REIT, general business and economic conditions, competition, interest rates, accessibility of the debt and equity capital markets, increases in real estate construction costs and other risk inherent in the real estate business. For more information about those risk factors, we would refer you to our 10-K that we have on file with the SEC dated March 1, 2010.Now, for our prepared remarks, I'll turn it over to Denny Oklak.Denny Oklak Thanks Randy, and good afternoon, everyone. It was another successful quarter for Duke Realty. We had solid operating performance and made significant strides in our ongoing strategy to reposition our portfolio. Opportunistically allocate capital to growth areas and further strengthen our balance sheet. All of which Christie and I will cover.First, I will give some comments of what were seeing today in the markets and our expectations for the remainder of 2010. Then Christie will provide an update on our second quarter 2010 financial performance and capital market activities.Our second quarter results reflect what were seeing from the property fundamentals in our markets. The industrial side of the business continues to improve. We again have success filling some of our larger bulk spaces.The positive movement in industrial metrics including shipping, freight and industrial production data are translating into increased demand for industrial space. Our sense today is that we are passed the bottom of this cycle on the industrial side, but we believe it will be a slow climb from here. Customers are still being cautious, but are beginning to commit to new space as reflected by what we expect to be the first positive quarter of net absorption for industrial space nationally since 2007.The office side of the business is lagging behind the industrial business, which is very typical of this point in the cycle. High unemployment continues to be the primary factor causing negative absorption in the office business.In looking at economic forecast, the general consensus seems to be that unemployment rates are going to continue to be stubbornly high for an extended period. If these predictions are correct, we would not expect to see a bottom of the office business until mid 2011. This timeframe is also in line with our historical experience as the office business generally picks up four to six quarters after industrial.One other comment on business in general. We continue to see operating pressure on many of our customers businesses. Continuing tenant concerns during the second quarter caused our bad debt expense to increase to back over 50 basis points of total rental revenue after taking down to our normal range of 25 to 30 basis points in the first quarter. Industries being most affected are construction and other residential housing suppliers.The development opportunities continue to be relatively slow, with the exception of the medical office piece of our business. We are working with a number of hospitals on new projects and expect to announce the specific medical office starts in the second half of the year.Another piece of good news, is that we are seeing some activity in the industrial build-to-suit business. These are the first meaningful discussions weve had on industrial build-to-suit in nearly two years. Its still too early to say whether these projects will get started but nonetheless its positive news.For the remainder of the year, were focused on three specific areas of strategic execution. First, our operating strategy is very straightforward, lease up the vacant space in our existing buildings to generate additional cash flow and selectively pursue development opportunities in medical, office and build-to-suits.Second, our asset strategy will focus on the continued disposition of non-strategic properties, as well as pursuing strategic acquisitions. We are seeing good activity at good pricing for the assets that we are marketing for sale.On the acquisition side, we are actively pursuing opportunities that are aligned with our longer-term objectives, including increasing industrial and medical office investment and suburban office in selected high-growth markets.Third, our capital strategy remains focused on further deleveraging of the company. We have executed transactions in 2010 to buy back bonds and preferred stock and have successfully accessed the debt in equity markets.Turning to some specific second quarter operating results, the overall occupancy in our portfolio was 87.9% at June 30th, up from 87.5% at March 31st. We stated in January that we anticipated some decrease in overall occupancy from short-term leases expiring, while we have seen some of these customers leave their space, many have continued to occupy the space through the second quarter and we are generally optimistic we will continue this temporary occupancy at or near this level.On the leasing front, we signed approximately 6 million square feet of leases during the second quarter, a continuation of our strong first quarter activity, which exceeded 5.5 million square feet. Through June 30th, our leasing activity is at the highest volume levels since 2007.Occupancy in our stabilized bulk distribution portfolio remained at 89.5% as of June 30th. I want to highlight a couple of new deals signed during the quarter. In Cincinnati, we signed a lease with a third-party logistics provider to fully lease a recently developed 598,000 square foot industrial building. In St. Louis, we leased nearly 600,000 square feet of space in three buildings that were in the Dugan Realty portfolio. These leases backfilled most of the space vacated during the past year by a bankruptcy.On the suburban office side, activity is slower, but we did increase the occupancy for our stabilized portfolio to 86.0% at quarter end, nearly 50 basis points over the 85.5% reported at the end of March.A key driver of this increase was the execution of a lease with the GSA and our Norman Pointe II office building in Minneapolis. The lease is for 244,000 square feet for three to five-year term while they rehab at existing building. This lease increases the occupancy of that property to 100%.As of June 30th, our wholly-owned development pipeline consisted of three medical office properties, comprising 301,000 square feet, which were 92% preleased with an anticipated initial yield of 8.1%. These projects are substantially complete and require only $12.3 million of additional capital to complete. The development pipeline is consistent with our operation strategy to focus on a development of preleased medical office or build-to-suite opportunities.Same property NOI for the three and 12 months ended June 30th was a negative 1.6% and 3.0% respectively, which is in line with our expectations. Same property occupancy is generally increasing, but were still seeing the effects of rent concessions and rate roll downs.Looking forward, we expect the trailing 12 months for the calendar year 2010 should be at the better end of our negative 1% to negative 5% guidance range.Our lease renewal percentage for the quarter was a strong 76.3% and is 79% year-to-date. As expected, we saw negative net effective rent and renewals of both industrial and office space. We continue to focus on keeping our major customers in their space, particularly on the office side. The realities in the market today are that net effective rents are rolling down between 5% and 15% on these renewals. We expect that trend to continue during the second half of 2010.Id also like to point out that CapEx expenditures were inordinately low this quarter as reflected by our 61% AFFO payout ratio. We expect this trend to revert to a more normal level during the second half of the year and reflect the lower end of our guidance for AFFO payout ratio of 95% to 105%.Before I turn the call over to Christie, I wanted to highlight that Dugan Realty acquisition that we announced in June and subsequently closed on July 1st. We acquired our joint venture partners 50% interest in the venture for $298.2 million, including the assumption of debt. The Dugan portfolio is comprised of 106 industrial buildings totaling 20.8 million square feet located in the Midwest and Southeast markets. The portfolio was 86.6% leased as of June 30th, and as I mentioned, we are making progress on leasing this portfolio as we expected.We developed virtually all of these properties and have managed and leased them since completion. This acquisition fits well into our strategy to increase our investment in the industrial profit. And as many of you know, we successfully launched an equity offering to fund the transaction. Christie will highlight the specifics of the offering. But we are very pleased with the execution and reception of this transaction.And with that, Ill turn the call over to Christie.Christie Kelly Thanks. Thanks very much, Denny, and good afternoon, everyone. As Denny mentioned, I would like to provide an update on our financial performance and financing activities during the quarter. We had a strong quarter overall and are pleased with our results.Second quarter core FFO was $0.29 per share. This core FFO excludes the effects of $10.3 million or $0.09 per share of losses on debt and preferred stock transaction and $8 million or $0.03 per share of a non-cash impairment charge on a land sale. I will touch on the transactions, which created these non-cash items in a moment.In terms of our capital objectives, we continue to make progress on strengthening our balance sheet. As Denny previously mentioned, in conjunction with the announced acquisition of our partners interest in Dugan Realty, we completed the issuance and sale of 26.45 million shares of common stock in June.Executing the offering in connection with our Dugan Realty acquisition, which Denny discussed was well received by investors. Given the positive response, our underwriters exercised the green shift.Net proceeds from the offering were just under $300 million, which covered the upfront cash portion of Dugan acquisition of approximately $160 million and will fund the additional $99 million of assumed debt that matures in October. Our capital plan had already contemplated the other half of the funds necessary to retire the Dugan debt maturing in October. I echo Dennys sentiment, we are very pleased with this transaction.We previously highlighted in our first quarter call that in April we issued 250 million of senior unsecured notes at 6.75% due March 15, 2020. We were able to repurchase in the open market and through a tender offer $260.7 million of principle amount of our 2011 and 2013 unsecured bonds during the second quarter.A loss of approximately $15.8 million for the quarter was recognized in conjunction with these repurchases. Year-to-date, we have repurchased 275.7 million of our unsecured bonds. In June, we utilized the portion of the proceeds from the common stock issuance to repurchase 55.7 million face amount of our outstanding 8.375% Series O preferred stock in the open market.In conjunction with these repurchases, a loss of approximately $4.5 million was recorded. This was again a good transaction for us, as we were able to execute the buybacks at an 8% yield and this transaction is accretive to our fixed charge coverage ratios and in line with our overall deleveraging strategy. As a result of these and previously announced capital transactions, as of June 30, 2010, we had no outstanding borrowings on our $850 million unsecured line of credit and $256.3 million of cash on hand.During the quarter, we continued to make good progress on our asset disposition plan. Proceeds from second quarter non-strategic building dispositions were $31 million. As we have previously discussed, our property disposition closings will be greater in the third and fourth quarters than they were in the second. Today, we expect our dispositions for all of 2010 to be at the upper end of our guidance of $150 million to $350 million.We also received proceeds of $9.7 million on the disposition of land parcels during the second quarter. The primary disposition was approximately 50 acres of industrial land in Chicago. We did record a non-cash impairment change of about $8 million on this land sale. This parcel of land had been held for future developments, so there was no previous impairment charge related to this land.The impairment charge on this parcel was a higher percentage than average because we sold the ground to an existing customer for their future development and hope to have the opportunity to provide construction services when they move ahead.Turning to acquisitions, in addition to the Dugan Realty properties, we also acquired three additional industrial buildings aggregating 475,000 square feet. The one building that we acquired in Phoenix, Arizona is a 100% lease. The two newly developed buildings that we acquired in South Florida are not currently leased. But they are our only industrial vacancy in this strong market.For the remainder of 2010, we will continue to look for acquisitions that meet our strategic objective of increasing our industrial and medical office investments and redeploying our disposition proceeds into higher growth markets.On the point of our strategy to reposition our portfolio, I want to clarify how we view possible dilution or accretion resulting from these transactions. We quote stabilized cap rates on dispositions in our supplemental package, as you all know.The reported stabilized cap rates on dispositions over the past three quarters have averaged 8.76%. However, the in-place yield on these same assets at the time of sale was 7.72%. We believe that we can achieve similar in-place returns through our repositioning strategy while significantly improving our asset mix as we deploy capital for longer term earnings growth.Before I turn it back over to Denny, I want to cover two additional items. First, we were very pleased to learn in mid July that Moodys reaffirmed our BAA2 rating. We have worked extremely hard over the past year and a half to improve our leverage and coverage metrics as part of our capital strategy. The affirmation is another indication that the steps we have taken on our capital strategy are being well received.Second, we have not yet accessed our $150 million aftermarket program, which weve launched earlier this year. As I noted on our April call, we view this as a tool to utilize only opportunistically and remain disciplined in using this source of capital.And with that, Ill turn it back over to Denny.Denny Oklak Thanks Christie. To close, Id like to reemphasize our strategic focus as we continue to move forward in 2010. From an operations strategy, were focused on the lease up of our portfolio and development of prelease medical office buildings and another build-to-suit opportunities.Our asset strategy is driven by the ultimate goal of repositioning our portfolio from a concentration in Midwest Suburban office assets to more investment in bulk industrial distribution and medical office properties. Were extremely pleased with the execution of our capital strategy as we continued to reduce our overall leverage position so far this year. Our ability to execute debt, equity and disposition transactions in an efficient manner has allowed us to pursue acquisition opportunities while strengthening our balance sheet.Yesterday, we reaffirmed our guidance of $0.95 to $1.15 of FFO per share for 2010. As we noted on our last call, we provided a wide guidance range this year because of uncertainty in the economy. However, based on our strong performance for the first six months and the positive momentum in the industrial business, we now believe we will be in the upper half of that range assuming there are no unanticipated tenant credit related or other events during the remainder of the year. Our estimate includes the anticipated dilutive effect of the shares issued in our June offering which will be greater in the second half of the year than on an annualized basis.So, with that again, like to thank you all for joining us today. And now we will open it up for your questions.Question-and-Answer Session Operator (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Ki Bin Kim of Macquarie. Please go ahead.Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie Thank you. Could you comment on the customer demand or traffic -- whichever way you want to describe it? The trends youve been seeing from beginning of the year and maybe in June and July? Have you seen any kind of slowdown?Denny Oklak Ki Bin, I think that it did slowdown  it appeared to slow down a little bit from the middle of June into July, and we've been trying to figure out whether it's just a real slowdown in activity or just what a lot of our guys in the field call the summer doldrums. And today, I would tell you, we really think its more of the summer doldrums than a real slowdown. I think based on the discussions our folks are having with people, I think there is still some relatively positive momentum, again, particularly on the industrial side and really more sporadic on the office side. As you saw, we did improve our office occupancy during the quarter. We're very -- obviously, very pleased with that but again, I think the office business is still struggling.Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie And if you could describe, how would you measure your shadow space in the office portfolio?Denny Oklak Well, what we usually measure that by is and have for many years is really our lease terminations. If there is a lot of shadow space out there, generally speaking, our tenants are coming to us and wanting to downsize or terminate leases.And as you know, our lease termination fees, while a little bit higher in the second quarter, are generally on the low side of what we usually see year-to-date. And I would say that we would also anticipate for the remainder of the year, for our lease termination fees to be on the low side. And again, that's for two reasons. But the main one is we're just not seeing the requests from most of our tenants to terminate those leases downsize.Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie Okay. Last question. It looks like your business contractions jumped a little bit this quarter. Could you give a little more color on that?Denny Oklak Yeah. I think that's probably skewed by one deal over in Cincinnati. We had an industrial tenant downsized by, I think, it was about 150,000 square feet. I think that was the primary transaction this quarter. So that's what it was. I don't think that's a big trend.Christie Kelly Yeah. Thats right.Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie So nothing confirming -- nothing further in that trend in July?Denny Oklak No.Christie Kelly Not that were seeing, Ki Bin.Ki Bin Kim  Macquarie Okay. Thank you.Denny Oklak Thank you.Operator Next in queue is Mike Bilerman with Citi. Please go ahead.Josh Attie  Citi Hello. Its Josh Attie with Michael. Can you talk a little bit about the leasing pipeline for the second half of the year, particularly in the suburban office space? It sounds like at least some of the occupancy gain in the second quarter was from a very big lease in Minneapolis and just trying to get a sense if those occupancy gains are sustainable based on what you're seeing in the pipeline?Denny Oklak Sure, Josh. Again, I think in our prepared remarks today, we've laid out the position that we're not terribly optimistic about the office side. And just to add some color to that, we do, I think as you all know, review all of our major vacant spaces with our field people on at least a monthly basis, so we did that earlier this week. And I would say on the office side, there is some prospects out there. We're actually starting to see a couple of larger prospects.But the truth is, I don't think we're going to see a lot of positive momentum in that occupancy for the rest of this year. I could be a little surprised if we would land one or two of the bigger deals that have been floating around. But I think it's going to stay relatively flat in our portfolio. I think globally in most of our markets, there is going to be some more downward pressure on occupancies on the office side for the next, as I said, six to 12 months and then hopefully we'll see some more stabilization. But our sense is the office business is going to continue to stay tough for a little while.Josh Attie  Citi Thanks. And with respect to the month-to-month warehouse tenants, can you just remind us what percentage of your portfolio that is?Denny Oklak Its a little under 1% probably about 0.75% rightChristie Kelly Thats right.Denny Oklak Yeah.Josh Attie  Citi Okay. Thanks a lot. Its helpful.Denny Oklak Thank you.Operator Next name in queue is Chris Caton with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.Chris Caton  Morgan Stanley Hello. Good afternoon. My question is on the acquisition, just looking later in the stuff in the JV section, it looks like you had about $6.1 million. So if youd annualize that, it looks like about an $8.2 GAAP cap rate. I wonder if you could give us some color on that.And then two, on the occupancy rate, if you go a year ago and recognizing it may not be same store, it looks like the occupancy is off about 100 bps versus gains in the broader same-store pool. Can you give us a little more color on the direction in occupancy rate for this acquisition?Christie Kelly Sure. I'll take the first part of that question, which is on, I think you were referring to the Dugan transaction and the run rate in Dugan?Chris Caton  Morgan Stanley Yeah. Thanks.Christie Kelly Yeah. Sure. Essentially, if you take a look historically, you probably were seeing about a $7 million run rate per quarter. And when we underwrote Dugan and took a look at the first quarter this year, we were really annualizing that more to be a $6 million run rate.First, there was about a $1 million term fee in that quarterly performance and then second of all, we took a structural reserve, which was about another $1 million per quarter. So that's where you end up with the $24 million run rate versus what you might be seeing on the $7 million.Denny Oklak And then, Chris, could you ask the second part your question again on the occupancy? I'm sorry, I'm not sure I quite understood that.Chris Caton  Morgan Stanley Yeah, no, absolutely, glad to do it. Just trying to detective work on the portfolio itself. Looks  its $86.5, $86.6 leased at the end of the quarter and if you go to a year ago, it was maybe 100 bps higher. Can you contrast the trend in the occupancy rate in this portfolio versus your broader, whole distribution portfolio?Denny Oklak Yeah, yeah. I'm sorry. Now I understand. Yeah, the biggest driver on that one have been really a couple of bankruptcies in that portfolio. And, if you look at it, we had a large bankruptcy over in St. Louis which was about 600,000 square feet in that Dugan portfolio that hit in, I think the late third quarter and early first quarter this year. And then we also had another bankruptcy, I believe it was in either late first quarter or early second quarter of this year over in Cincinnati.So generally speaking, that trend in that portfolio right now is lower than the rest of our portfolio, but I think that's a little bit of an anomaly because two of the  I would say fewer bankruptcies we're seeing now happen to be in that particular portfolio.And if you think about it, that's about 20% or so maybe a little less, of our overall industrial portfolio today. So we just happen to have two bankruptcies in that portfolio. Now the good news is, I would tell you on that, with the activity we have in those buildings, I think we'll see continued improvement in that particular 20 million square foot portfolio between now and year end.Chris Caton  Morgan Stanley Yeah. And then I guess generally in the leasing environment, now that you bring it up. Have you seen any -- a shift in the type of tenants that are looking for more space? Is there a certain type of tenant type that has surfaced that wasn't there six months ago, just kind of following on your comments that bulk industrial feels a little bit better than suburban office?Denny Oklak I would say no, we haven't seen a whole lot of a shift. Again, a big piece of that business is always driven by retail and retail-related tenants. So it was sort of late third quarter last year, we began seeing the pickup in that business and we have really believed since that time and the data that has since come out. We believe that that was really driven by the inventory restocking and it's proved to be that. I would say today, again, I think it's by some inventory restocking and maybe now even a little bit of inventory growth going on in the bulk industrial business. But, again, a lot of the major deals that we're signing are mostly retail-related.Chris Caton  Morgan Stanley Okay. Thanks. I'm sorry, just last one with regard to Eveready Battery? $4.7 million of revenue in 11? Is that  have you been looking at that expiration? And is that -- are they utilizing the space, et cetera?Denny Oklak We signed the renewal today, a 10-year extension. So the next quarter, you'll see that move out 10 years. So thanks for asking.Chris Caton  Morgan Stanley Glad to set you up.Denny Oklak Thanks for asking.Christie Kelly That was perfect.Chris Caton  Morgan Stanley All right. Thanks very much.Operator And our next question comes from Brendan Maiorana from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo Thanks. Good afternoon. Question, Denny, you mentioned that I think your bad debt expense was picked up a little bit in the quarter? But if I look at your space-vacated analysis, the amount of bankruptcies was down pretty sharply from Q1. And certainly down a lot relative to more recent trend. Is that just a timing issue and how do you think about the level of bankruptcies or bad debts that you may get in the back half of the year?Denny Oklak Well, you're exactly right, Brendan, that when you look at it, the way we report that on the square footage of truly bankruptcies, it was down. But our bad debt reserve is broader than just the folks that file bankruptcy for the year. I mean we really looked through our entire portfolio. It's been our policy since forever to reserve any receivable that's over 90 days past due fully and when we have a 90-day past due receivable tenant, that means we also reserve all the straight-line rent related to that tenant.And then also, we're  we have been, particularly for the last 18 months or so, very closely monitoring our watch list. And generally speaking, if we've got a tenant thats over 60 days past due now, depending on what our property managers think about it, we're reserving all of that rent and again the straight-line rent. So this is more a reflection, I think, of what we're seeing the state of our  some of our tenants' business, rather than a true bankruptcies.And I've been saying since the beginning of the year that I was still pretty cautious this year and again, hence, our wider guidance range, that I was very cautious on what was really going to happen to some of our tenants this year. And we're still seeing continued pressure. We're still getting tenants come to us and want to renegotiate, a little bit to downsize.And again, it's not  I wouldn't call it rampant today, but its out there and if one of those tenants happens to be a big user, it can have a pretty significant effect even if its just one or two tenants. And again, as I said, in the remarks, primarily where we're seeing that is in construction-related businesses. And as you all know, in the construction business, its pretty slow out there today.And then also, the tenants that we have that I would consider retail folks that are  their business is supplying to the residential development or single-family home construction business. Their business is still very tough. Because again, as you all monitor  the single-family home construction business is still pretty slow in most markets.Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo So, in the expectations for the back half of the year kind of the guidance, assuming you're at that top end or that top half of the range, you've still got a higher level of bad debt expense baked into that level of expectation.Denny Oklak Well, no, I would say that saying that we're going to be in the top half would put that at a normal level for the second half of the year. Thats why I just led some caution that if the bankruptcies pick up, it could be harder for us to stay up in that top half.Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo Okay. Fair enough. Christie, you mentioned that you're or you expressed some confidence with the high end of the range for dispositions. If I look at the $31 million that you did in the quarter and the sales that you highlighted, it was a single user building. It was a sale to a user and it was a sale to, I mean, municipality. Those seem like I guess easier sales to get done in kind of the current environment. Is that sort of the type of assets that you expect to sell in the back half of the year or is it something that's a little bit more of the multi-tenant variety?Christie Kelly It's across the board, Brendan, but it is more of the multi-tenant variety, as well. We have a list, as you know, that we've compiled that represents the $1.3 billion of non-strategic dispositions that we're teeing up for sale over the next couple of years. And together with that, we have absolute line of sight on the buildings that we are focused on selling this year.And to that point, have a number of those that we're negotiating PSA, et cetera, on and are quite close on. So to that point, it's not specifically representative of what we experienced for the second quarter.Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo Okay. And your comments about -- call it roughly 100 basis point kind of spread between the yield that the assets were sold at versus kind of the stabilized yield.Christie Kelly Yeah.Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo We think about selling an additional, call it 200 in the back half of the year, is that something where you either may get some increased NOI between now and then or where the stabilized yield as reported per sale will be higher than the yield that you're currently earning on those properties?Christie Kelly I think, yeah, it will be higher, Brendan. And second of all, based on the timing of those transactions, if they're a little backend loaded, we would have some positive pickup from that, as well.Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo Okay. And then, just lastly on the land. I know that you didn't take the impairment because it was something you expected to put into production, but taking in an $8 million impairment on net proceeds of 10 seems pretty high. Can you just give us a sense of, maybe where the fair  where you think the fair value of that land is? And how we might relate that to the rest of your land bank that's for future production? Okay.Christie Kelly Okay.Denny Oklak Yeah. Let me take that one, Christie, because, let me specifically address that one. That was some industrial land in Chicago. Its in a great park up on the north side of Chicago. And again, we had a very significant tenant of ours, actually very significant office tenant, come to us and say, look, we want to buy some land for a future industrial center. We like your Butterfield Park. Will you sell it to us? Well, we really like the Butterfield Park too, but the truth is weve got probably more than enough land there for the near-term future. Well have a lot of land left there  we have a lot of land left after this sale.So, the offer wasn't the best offer in the world and we had a significant amount of discussion on that transaction. But we made the decision to go ahead and move forward with it because it did move some land, number one. But number two, again, a very significant customer. I think there's a very good chance that when they decide to pull the trigger on that building, we'll be able to get the construction project and do a third-party job and make some fees off that, too. So, it was I would say an isolated incident. And then, if you go back to what we have been saying for the past year, our impairment charge last year was on the land we identified for sale was in the 25% to 30% range.Christie Kelly Okay.Denny Oklak Our comments all along have been that we think on the development portfolio, also, that the impairment is in that kind of a range. So, I think, this was a little bit higher and I would say the other reason for this is  this was some land that I would say was purchased more recently. So probably in that 2006 or '07 range when the prices were a little bit higher. And when you look at our overall portfolio, I mean, we have got land that was purchased in a lot of different times in the 2000s, I would say. And so the basis compared to today's market varies across the Board.Christie Kelly Yeah.Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.Christie Kelly This is  yeah, at that point, too, Brendan, as Denny was saying, it just really puts it at higher than our average.Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo Sure.Operator And our next question comes from Mike Knott with Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.Mike Knott  Green Street Advisors Hi Denny. I think you touched on it a little bit in your remarks about the hold-over tenants. I know that was a big part of your occupancy in 1Q. And I think as I remember, you had said at the time it was about double the normal level, can you just give a little more color on sort of what it is now? I think it was about 100 bps of your 1Q occupancy, can you just give a little color on what it is now and what you expect to happen to that  to what you have now?Denny Oklak Yeah. It's gone down a little bit, Michael. We are probably at about 75 or 80 basis points of our occupancy in that now. I think there's more good news in that portfolio occupancy and from that group than there would have been at the end of the first quarter, because we've seen a few of those tenants come in and want to hold over and maybe do a three-month or a six-month extension.So I think it's the positive news is we're going to keep I think a fair part of that occupancy throughout most of the rest of the year, which a quarter ago, we wouldn't have had near as high a confidence in that.Mike Knott  Green Street Advisors What do you attribute that to?Denny Oklak Well, again, I think I mentioned last quarter that a lot of that is made up of tenants that are sort of upsizing rather than downsizing. That temporary space can be a little bit of both. But the positive news on it was it was tenants needing more space, but just not wanting to commit to a longer term lease.And so the good news is that their businesses have held up well enough that they want to keep that space for a longer period of time. But the bad news for us is, they still haven't gotten to the point where they feel comfortable enough entering into a long-term lease. Does that help?Mike Knott  Green Street Advisors Yeah. That's helpful. Thanks. And then when I look at the liquidity schedule, I know you guys don't include development on there, but in broad-brush strokes how would you have us all think about capital you might allocate over that time period to development and potentially to acquisitions as well. It sounds like you were talking about or at least evaluating some office-related acquisitions?Denny Oklak Well, there's  I'll make a couple of points on that. First of all, our guidance for development starts this year was in the $100 to $200 million range. Obviously, right now, we're kind of at the low end of that. We haven't had much start in the first half of the year. But we do have some things in the pipeline that I'm fairly certain will be in that range this year. I wouldn't be hugely comfortable telling you we're going to be right at the top end of that range today, but it will be within that range. And I think that's good. Again mostly that would be made up of some medical office projects that we get started but there is a few other things floating around.So when you look forward, it's hard  it's really getting hard to see our visibility into 2011, particularly on the development side today, Michael. But Ive got to be honest with you, I don't see anything today that makes me think that our development starts in 2011 are going to be significantly higher than that. I mean, I would tell you today that's probably going to be a range we look at for next year, again, but it's early, obviously. And so I think right now until the market starts changing, that $100 million to $200 million of starts a year is a pretty good number.And then on the office acquisition side, there's really just a couple of our key markets that we would consider any office acquisition and for us, it's going to be more of  that to us is more of a redeployment of vision there. So if we're able to sell some office assets in some of the markets we want to downsize in and redeploy that capital into one or two markets where we wouldn't mind having a bigger office presence, we would do that. And but we  our first priority is to redeploy that into industrial acquisitions. And we've looked at a lot of things, but it's a tough market out there.And second, obviously, to redeploy that money into medical office mostly development. But if there's an opportunity for medical office acquisition, we'll look at it. We've seen a few of those. So in the markets where we would probably consider the office acquisitions, today really to me are two markets and that would be Washington, DC, if there was something that came available and our team liked up in that area, we would certainly consider it. And then we had great success with our office product down in South Florida in the Broward County market and we're just keeping our eye open there but for the most part, that's it on the office side.Mike Knott  Green Street Advisors Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you.Denny Oklak Thanks.Operator (Operator Instructions) And our next question comes from Vincent Chao from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Just wondering if you could give a little bit of color on the renewal spread, down pretty significantly in the quarter both in the distribution and office side of things? Is there anything unusual in those numbers?Denny Oklak There was, I think, one that was a little unusual this quarter that we had a rent roll down on an industrial tenant in Indianapolis and it was a little bigger than you would normally see because we had some amortization of some above standard improvements. But, quite honestly, when you look through it, it was pretty consistent across the Board, there was just some roll downs.And the color I would put on it is, I think the roll downs on the industrial side, excluding that one, are probably going to be in the 5% to 7% range. The roll down on the office side are probably going to be higher. It may not  that may not be reflected this quarter, but we are really very focused on renewing our major tenants. As I was able to point out, we just signed a renewal with Energizer over in St. Louis for 10 years. And actually I don't remember what the numbers, but I think that one was  I don't think we have a huge roll down on that one. I think that was really a nice deal for us.And but on some of the other markets and certain tenants, you got to meet the market to keep those tenants because there is just too much space floating around out there today. So it's still always cheaper for us to meet the market on rent because we're going to put a lot less capital into those spaces to renew the tenant. So, I think with some major office tenants, weve been seeing that for the last probably 12 months and I think we'll probably see it again for the next six to 12 months.Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank Okay. I guess, I was just a little surprised by how big the downturn was. Was this kind of within your realm of expectations for the year as far as the level of decline?Denny Oklak Yeah. It really was. I think we've been saying for the past two or three quarters that we have been fortunate to hold those rental rates at  late last year we were kind of flat to slightly positive. I think in the second quarter we went down a little bit. But we had anticipated seeing some larger roll downs as we moved into this year and now it's coming about.Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank Okay. That's helpful. And just a question, I thought I heard you say earlier that you're starting to see some possibilities on the industrial build-to-suit side, was that correct? And if so, can you provide some color on what you're seeing on that side of things maybe markets where you're seeing some additional activity or interest?Denny Oklak Yeah. It's a little hard to paint any kind of a picture right now. I would say, it's fairly sporadic. Generally speaking, we've seen some industrial tenants that want to expand their buildings. But the expansions that we're talking to people about are fairly significant. So we're talking in the 3 to 500,000 square foot range. So thats a pretty big building in itself.And then secondly, obviously, there is still a fair amount of industrial space available in almost all markets. But sometimes that space is not going to meet the needs of the particular tenant. And what we've seen mostly are, again, the big bulk distribution facilities. So if a tenant  in a number of markets today, if a tenant needs 800,000 to 1 million plus square feet, a lot of those spaces have been absorbed. So there's not a lot of that kind of space out there. So if they need that and want to consolidate their operations, which is what people are doing in those bigger buildings a lot of times. They're going to have to go to a build-to-suit. And, again, I think it's way too early to give you any kind of trends but there is a couple of discussions going on and they're pretty widespread geographically.Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank Okay. Thank you.Operator And our next question comes from Mike Bilerman from Citi. Please go ahead.Josh Attie  Citi Hi, its Josh Attie with Michael. Can you just clarify what you said earlier on where the bad debts were trending today and where you said they need to trend in order to hit the mid to high-end of your guidance in the back-half of the year?Denny Oklak Sure, Josh. What I said was I think we  the bad debts were up some during the second quarter. Typically, I think we have been saying we'll run in that 25 to 30 basis points of rent. In the second quarter, we are back up over the 50 basis points of rent for the quarter. Again, that's sort of looking at annual rent, though, but for the quarter. And, we're  our numbers would assume that we stay in that 25 to 30 basis points of bad debts, kind of a normal range for the second half of this year.Josh Attie  Citi And do you see anything on the horizon that would make you go back up to 50 in the third or fourth quarter?Denny Oklak Well, no, but I tell you, you never see these things coming, to be honest with you or not never, but most, a lot of times you don't see it coming. So that's been our experience over the last 12 months or so. So today, there is just really no way I could give you an answer on that.Josh Attie  Citi Okay. Thank you.Operator And our last question comes from Sloan Bohlen from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs Thank you. Most everything has been asked and answered. Just one quick question on the rent roll down. Denny, on the information you gave 5% to 7% down on the industrial and maybe worse on the office. Can you break down how much of that net effect of rent roll down is actual market rent down versus how much of it is concession and the basis for the question is, at some point when we do kind of firm up, how quickly things could (inaudible) bottom?Denny Oklak Well, this is more a little bit more of a guess than science here, but I'm saying its probably 50-50 on net rent roll down. In other words, 50% of the decrease is kind of rolled down in the rental rates and 50% is some kind of increased concessions over maybe what the last deal was going to be. I will tell you one thing, we're very focused on at this part of the cycle, is we are more inclined to give a little bit more free rent upfront to get a higher rate and get a rate that we believe is closer to market long-term sooner in the lease.So, what we're seeing is that I'd rather give a month or two more free rent and get that rate within three to five years in this lease back up to what we think is really more of a market rental rate than keep that market rental or that in-place rental rate pounded down below market for a longer period of time. So that's our strategy on pretty much all the deals we're looking at today.Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs Okay. That's helpful. And then just one question on the build-to-suits, can you maybe talk a little bit about I guess other developers that are in competition for those potential build-to-suits? And the basis of this question I guess is to think about what potential tenants could come out of portfolios to go into those build-to-suits and just where you stand relative to everyone else there?Denny Oklak Well, I think generally speaking, on these build-to-suits we're talking about, we don't have a lot of competition right now. Most of these that we're talking to  they're only talking to us, I would tell you. And I think it's a unique situation, maybe a land position that we have and it's where they want to be located, which is always a key, especially on build-to-suits.So and then thinking about where they would be coming out of, Sloan, I think thats a little hard to say. I don't really have any guidance for you on that because, let me just give you an example of one we're talking to about a larger facility. They're coming out of  they would be consolidating two or three facilities into this facility. And Ive got to be honest, I'm not sure who owns, I know who owns one of them, its like an institutional investor. But I don't know who owns the other two.Sloan Bohlen  Goldman Sachs Okay. Great. I know it's a tough thing to get at, but I appreciate the color. Thank you guys.Denny Oklak Okay.Operator And there are no further questions in queue.Randy Henry Thanks again, everyone, for joining our second quarter call. Our third quarter earnings call is tentatively scheduled for October 28th, and thanks again and have a good afternoon.Operator Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay at 5:30 PM and will remain available through August 6th. The dial-in number for the replay is 320-365-3844, access code 163589. Again, that number is 320-365-3844, access code 163589. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sarah and I will be the conference facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the ProLogis Q1 2010. Todays call is being recorded. All lines are currently in a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Melissa Marsden, Managing Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications with ProLogis. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Melissa Marsden: Good morning everyone and welcome to our first quarter 2010 conference call. By now you should all have received an email with a link to our supplemental and if not, this document is available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning we will hear from Walt Rakowich, CEO, to comment on the market environment and then Bill Sullivan, CFO, will cover results and guidance. Additionally, we are joined today by Ted Antenucci, President and Chief Investment Officer and Chuck Sullivan, Head of Global Operations. Before we begin prepared remarks, I would like to quickly state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which ProLogis operates as well as managements beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statements notice in our SEC filings. I would also like to add that our first quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures. In accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. And as we have done in the past, to give a broader range of investors and analysts an opportunity to ask their questions, we will ask you to please limit your questions to one at a time. Walt, would you please begin?
Walt Rakowich: Thank you, Melissa and good morning everyone. This morning I will try to keep my comments brief and talk about business fundamentals and progress towards our key focus areas with the objective of leaving more time for Q&A. Bill will have more on our financial results, balance sheet and guidance for the remainder of 2010. Overall I would say that Q1 deals a bit like Q4 last year. We hear great things about the recovery and we believe it will have a positive impact on our performance but industrial tends to lag the overall economy and we are not seeing it just yet. Right now our business deals like the tale of two cities. On the one hand, the operating environment is still soft, although it feels like it has hit bottom. Our operational results for the quarter beared this out. Rental rates were down by about the same amount as in Q4 and the lease percentage in our total industrial operating portfolio was flat compared to Q4. This reflects a slightly more than expected drop in leasing within our investment management and core direct-owned portfolios offset by a better than expected 500 basis point increase in the lease percentage of our completed development. Now on the other hand, values have risen, buyers are plentiful and there is rising activity and optimism in the market. In addition, there is virtually no new supply and our development business is picking up abroad very nicely. Many of our customers are talking expansion for the second half of this year, we will see. It certain feels like brighter days are ahead and if history were to repeat itself, fundamentals should improve by the third or fourth quarter as inventory levels rise in accordance with a growing global economy. Overall our FFO per share for the quarter was about $0.01 below our expectations. As we have said in the past, annual FFO will be significantly backend weighted. We believe we will end the year in line with our original FFO guidance after adjusting for dilution from our bond offering. However, whats important is that we continue to stay focused and execute on three basic things, all of we are making good progress on; first, converting our non-income producing assets into income producing assets; second, creating value through accretive development which helps us accomplish our first objective by monetizing land; and third, continuing to strengthen our balance sheet. Bill will have more on the third objective, so let me cover progress on the first two. The most impactful thing we can do right now is lease space in our existing portfolio. Nine months ago, leasing in our total industrial operating portfolio, which is basically everything not under development, was 87.7%. That number, of course, was significantly weighted down by our completed developments. At the end of the first quarter, total leasing in that same portfolio was 89.2%. No doubt market conditions have been challenging but we are pleased with the progress we have made. In the future, we will reach a lease percentage in the low-to-mid 90% range. That will generate over $175 million in additional annual FFO or $0.35 per share. That's real future cash flow. In addition, we are growing our development business and in turn reducing our land bank. Last year, that seemed like a daunting task. This year it certainly seems more doable. Opportunities particularly in international markets are increasing. These markets are starved for new product. And while overall conditions are still soft, much of the vacancies especially in Europe are in older obsolete buildings. We set a goal to start $700 million to $800 million of new development this year primarily from build-to-suit. Right now that goal looks very achievable. In the first quarter we signed two build-to-suits, one in the UK and one in Hungary. We also started 1.5 million square foot development in Tokyo which will not be completed till next year. Already we have letters of intent for over a third of the building. Total development starts for the first quarter were $252 million. As important given where cap rates are today, we expect to generate over $60 million of NAV accretion from fourth and first quarter starts with land put in the developments at our original book basis. In addition, we signed four feed development transactions for customers totaling $81 million. Two of the buildings were in Germany, one was in France and one was in Sweden. In one case, we saw land as a part of the overall transaction. Importantly, that land was sold at a 3% profit to our original basis. For the quarter, we sold a total of $447 million of land. So when you combine land sales with land moved into development, we were able to monetize $138 million of land in the first quarter, now thats progress. The rest of the year is shaping up as well. Since the end of the quarter, we signed two new build-to-suits totaling $125 million and have another seven build-to-suits in negotiation. Given the environment we have been in, it can be easy to overlook the long-term value creation potential of our development franchise, we understand that. But for us, its one of our core competencies. In combination with strong customer relationships, our development business has great upside potential right now, especially with improving market conditions. Our goal is to unlock that value over time while monetizing our land bank and leasing our non-income producing assets. When we succeeded this, earnings and NAV growth will follow. Now let me turn it over to Bill.
Bill Sullivan: Thanks, Walt. Similar to Walt, I am going to try to keep my commentary relatively brief and just hit the key points. I am going to cover three aspects of the company's financial position this morning; first, the summary of our Q1 results; second, our guidance for the year with some brief insight into the things that we expect will impact the next three quarters; and lastly, some comments on our balance sheet and fund debt initiatives. We reported $0.01 per share in FFO for Q1 2010. Negatively impacting our reported results was approximately $53 million or $0.12 per share in charges associated with our bond and convert buybacks in Q1 as well as a loss on settlement of a derivative in one of our fronts. After adding back these charges, we effectively generated $0.13 per share in FFO for the quarter, which was about $0.01 below our internal expectations. Of the $0.13, $0.02 per share is gain related and $0.11 represents core FFO. The core FFO was $0.01 below our internal expectation principally due to the strength of the dollar versus the euro and lower expected occupancies. There were also a variety of expenses incurred in Q1 that will be non recurring, including a one-time tax charge and increased rental expenses associated with the harsh winter. Relative to full year FFO guidance, our original guidance for 2010 was a range of $0.74 to $0.78 per share. We have decided to expand the range of our guidance to $0.70 to $0.78 per share to take into account the dilutive effects from the debt issuance in March. The revised guidance still excludes the charge of $0.12 in the first quarter related to the buyback and other capital markets activity. Relative to our core FFO, we are lowering our estimates to a range of $0.55 to $0.60 per share from our original guidance of $0.64 to $0.68 per share, representing a decrease of $0.085 per share at the midpoint of the core FFO ranges. The principal contributing factors to the decrease are approximately $0.03 to $0.04 dilution associated with the debt offering, approximately $0.025 associated with lower capitalized cost resulting from our expectation of a lag in the timing of development cost outlay, mitigated somewhat by accretion from a delay in the timing of asset sales, the proceeds of which will ultimately be used to fund the development cost. We expect about $0.03 dilution to our original forecast from the combination of a stronger than expected dollar, lower than expected occupancy experienced in Q1, higher rental expenses in Q1 and the one-time tax charge. Finally we will pick up a little more than $0.01 in FFO from our increased investment in PEPR, net of increased borrowing cost. Of the net decrease of $0.085 just outlined, we believe approximately $0.04 to $0.05 is of a more permanent nature, i.e. the debt offering dilution and potentially the FX while the remainder is either one-time cost or merely a result of a lag of one or two quarters in timing. Achievement of the targeted core FFO will be dependent on seeing a recovery in occupancy in the second half of the year as well as implementation on our development activity. From a gain perspective, we expect to generate an additional $0.05 to $0.07 in increased FFO from certain assets that have been targeted per sale or contribution due to increasing values as well as gains from other opportunities that we are working on. As we have communicated since February, we expect the core FFO to be backend loaded this year, which is driven principally by our expectation of recovering occupancy and an increase in capitalized cost associated with the ramp up of development activity later this year. We have never guided specifically to quarterly results. However, given the disconnect between the sell side quarterly estimates and our internal estimates, let me give a little insight. Q2 will likely see a pickup in core FFO from continued leasing and occupancy within the completed development portfolio and reduced tax expense. However we expect Q2 and Q3 to be our low points for capitalization of cost associated with our development activity, which will mitigate a portion of the increases. We expect Q3 and Q4 to show the beginning of the recovery in occupancy in the funds and direct-owned core portfolio as well as continued occupancy pickup from the development portfolio with capitalized cost increasing in Q4 associated with our development activity. Additionally as most of asset sales are now targeted to close in late Q3 or Q4, core FFO in Q4 will likely be flat to Q3 and pick up again in 2011 upon completion in occupancy within our build-to-suit pipeline. Finally we expect little or no gain on dispositions to be realized in Q2 with our remaining targeted gains realized roughly equally in Q3 and Q4. I hope this bit of insight helps. However I realize it's never enough. Let me turn to our balance sheet debt and fund related debt briefly. Our balance sheet debt increased in Q1 by a little over $100 million principally associated with our acquisition of incremental units in PEPR. As a result of our debt offerings and buyback activity, we made great progress on smoothing out debt maturities with the focus on reducing 2012 and 2013. We believe these maturities are at acceptable risk levels at this point and therefore, while we intend to be opportunistic, if the situation presents itself in 2010, we will likely put further activity on these maturities on the back burner until 2011. Finally, we do intend to continue our delevering efforts through a variety of activities. Turning to the fund debt, at March 31st, we had $738 million in remaining 2010 maturities, of which $330 million has been refinanced so far in April. And the vast majority of the remainder will be refinanced or paid off by midsummer if not by June 30. We see no issues associated with dealing with these maturities. Let me conclude by making it clear that in 2010 we are most heavily focused on growing the NAV of the company and near term FFO generation may suffer a bit as a result. However, we believe that moves we have made and other that we are focused on for the rest of the year will make ProLogis sustainably profitable and growth oriented in the future. Thank you. Let me turn it back over to Walt to wrap up.
Walt Rakowich: Thanks, Bill. So before I open it up for Q&A, let me just leave you with one final thought. We understand what we have to do and we continue to make progress in doing it. Its dangerous to get too focused on where the market is today. We know we have to address todays market but we are optimistic that it will improve. Our mission in the meantime is to stay focused on our near term objectives. They are converting non-income producing assets into income producing assets, creating NAV through accretive development which helped to accomplish the first as it relates to land and continuing to strengthen our balance sheet. As I said before, our successful execution of these three objectives will drive substantial value in the future. We look forward to giving you an update on our progress next quarter. Thank you. Operator, we are ready to open up the line.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ross Nussbaum of UBS. Your line is now open.
Ross Nussbaum: Guys, can you talk a little bit about the dividend with respect to some of the commentary you gave on the source of the earnings as we think forward? Bill, I thought I heard you say that from a guidance perspective, there is an incremental positive of $0.05 to $0.07 a share now in the guidance from the drop in cap rates thats occurred over the last couple of months. And I guess I'm just trying to think about that relative to what I will think about is income generated off of the core assets versus development gains and how that relates to sustainability of the dividends given the FFO and the AFFO that you are expected to generate.
Bill Sullivan: Let me see if I can try to simplify that from my perspective. I think we have communicated constantly over the last 12 or 15 months. We have a large portion of non-income producing assets on the balance sheet, the way of our land bank and the unleashed portion in our development pipeline. And we are working hard, we have made fabulous progress associated with that. And at that conclusion of those monetization and leasing efforts, our core FFO is going to well exceed whats necessary to fund the dividend. The gains associated with various transaction activities from a basic REIT level are intended to be distributed to shareholders. And so, generating the AFFO through a combination of core and gains is just fine by us right now. And so, as we look out  there is nothing in our radar that would adjust the dividend negatively given the activity that we have going and over the next 18 months or so, we believe that the core FFO in and of itself will more than amply cover the dividend.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Feldman of Banc of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Jamie Feldman: Thank you very much and good morning. I was hoping you guys could give a little more color on just conviction on how we will see a back half recovery. Maybe talk a little bit more about the conversations you're having with tenants and then in terms of lead time, I mean if you're having discussions now, how long before you actually see leases and actually see cash flow flowing through to the bottom line.
Walt Rakowich: Let me  it might be a combination of us, Jamie, taking that. I think we are reasonably positive based on discussions that we had with customers. We do survey our customers on a quarterly basis. And late last year, they were telling us that they felt that they would be expanding by the second half of the year and interestingly enough when we talked to them again, they are pretty much saying the same thing. So we feel pretty convicted about the other thing that we see is if you look at the fact that we are starting $250 million of development, and last year we started $330 million of development, I mentioned that this is almost like a tale of two cities, on one hand in the core portfolio, its basically flat to down slightly. On the other hand, you have got this lack of supply that's in the market and you do have customers that are sort of snooping around and starting to sign build-to-suit type transactions and I think that that clearly just by looking at the development and the fact that we just signed another $125 million by the  between the end of the quarter and that this sort of last three weeks. I think its a pretty good indication that there is activity. If you talk to brokerage firms and one in particular who we talk with prior to the conference call, they will tell you that their book overall of business is up somewhere in the neighborhood of 10% to 20%. Now the interesting thing is that thats activity and not necessarily net absorption. But activity nine times out of 10 does lead to net absorption. So whoever you talk to out in the market, they are feeling a lot better but the truth to matter is that we tend to lag six months to maybe nine months behind. First, the companies create sales and then they increase inventories generally speaking. So we will see but we are feeling a lot better about what we are seeing out there. And I dont know, Chuck or Ted, if you guys want to add to that.
Ted Antenucci: Thanks, Walt. Jamie, they are also not  a year ago, they were talking about potentially contracting in a variety of facilities. We are not having those conversations any more. Additionally when we do these surveys, we ask them what capacity that they are at in their supply chain. A year ago, you would have heard that in the mid 80s. We are starting to hear that in the high 80s to 90s and they dont ever want to go much above 93% to 94% because it creates inefficiency. So you are starting to see  that their activity level is being based upon what they anticipate which are the sales that Walt talked about, global economy improving and activity levels have risen over the last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Sakwa of ISI Group. Your line is now open.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. Thanks. I guess I just wanted to kind of go back to the pace of leasing. It looks like, in the lease and the direct-owned portfolio on page 1.5, things kind of tailed off pretty dramatically here in the first quarter. Can you guys just help me think about what kind of pace of activity do you need to see to really start moving the needle here on the occupancy front?
Walt Rakowich: I will take the leasing in Q1 and the direct for example, we went back and looked at it historically and Q1 for a variety of reasons, most of them anecdotal always seems to be a lower quarter and actually were splitting out direct and core and as you took investment management back a few quarters in the Q1, you would find a similar trend excepting this quarter. You speak to customers and many of them have a retail component in their supply chain and they are not highly focused on leasing warehouse base in the fourth quarter and that spills over into Q1. You do see some trending up of restocking both short and long-term for back to school and the holidays, but that trending upward usually is a Q2 through Q4 occurrence.
Bill Sullivan: Let me give you the supplies on one hand and then I think the upside on the other hand is I would say that we were probably  surprised at the drop in investment management because we were starting from 93.5% number and that  given the market conditions we did expect to come down and I think we guided there, okay. What surprised us a little bit was the 30 basis point drop in the core. Candidly what surprised us on the upside was that the development went from 62 to 67. And I would have  I would have said its probably more like 3% to 4% but 5% will take it. You are not going to see the cash flow coming through from that development until another couple of quarters from that leasing because you do a least but they dont start paying the rent for another three to six months after you do the TI's and the like. So the upside is if you look at that direct-owned portfolio in page 1.5, its now at 83.7, it was at 78.8 nine months ago, that's progress. Obviously that's driven by the development. Overall the quarter stayed about the same. And so, we think we bottomed out from an occupancy perspective generally speaking plus or minus could we see it go up or down 30 basis points or so in any quarter, 40 basis points, sure and we saw that in the first quarter and it disappointed us. That said its not completely out of line and we believe we are bumping along the bottom, we think we are making progress overall in the development. And hopefully brighter days are ahead and that we are hearing good things in the market but we will talk about it after it happens as opposed to before it happens.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sloan Bohlen of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Sloan Bohlen: Walt, just a question. We heard a kind of a quote yesterday on a potential banner year for private capital raising. Can you maybe comment on what you guys are seeing out there, and whether that changes your perspective on your guidance for asset dispositions or even potential new fund vehicles?
Walt Rakowich: Yes, that's a great question. Sloan, there is no question that there is a lot of private capital out there today. And candidly it sort of surprised me. I wouldnt assess six months ago that it would be as active as it is. We have had some discussions with some partners of ours that we have done business with globally and there is  as I say, there is no shortage of capital today which is the good news. We started the year and its in our plan thinking that we would be disposing of certain assets in the U.S. outright and then potentially putting together a fund and/or joint venture towards the end of this year. That is still in our plan and we continue to have very, very preliminary discussions with some of our partners about it. I would tell you that I have zero concerns at this point in time that we would get that done, absolutely zero given what we see out in the market. Its really more a question of our timing because our timing is  really needs to be lined up somewhat with our developments. And so we have signed 250 million of starts this quarter. We think we will sign 700 to 800 this year but you sign it but you dont start the development and actually start spending money substantially until five six months after the leases are signed. And so, we are trying to think about how do somewhat coincide those sales of that joint venture with our actual developments in progress and that's why it sort of pushed it back towards the end of this year in our mind. But there is absolutely no shortage to capital. The other thing I would say is I believe this time around that capital sources will gravitate more and more to operators that have co-investment. And when I say operators, I am talking about best in class operators and there isnt any question in my mind and I dont think anybody on the phone that we are a best-in-class operator in the industrial business. So we think that we have got a very attractive story relative to the capital. And when it comes time to raise it, we dont think there will be an issue at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of Macquarie. Your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim: Just two quick questions. First on page 1.5, did you guys change the way you report occupancy because it looks like the labels and the numbers are slightly different than last quarter. And second, if you can give an update on the marketing efforts on the Eaton Vance portfolio. And also specifically looks like you guys split up the portfolio fund six through 10 and you guys split up to like six through eight and eight through 10 for reporting purposes. And what the rationale was behind that?
Walt Rakowich: Let me take the first part of that, Kee. The organization on page 1.5 changed slightly and really what's its focused on is the fact we have a core direct-owned portfolio and we have a core completed development portfolio. And our  as we have said for the better part of last six or nine months, that development  completed development portfolio is really going to become part of our core portfolio and becomes more so every day was we continue to lease up and complete those properties. And this is sort of an evolving effort to have you focused on whats the leasing in the overall core wholly-owned portfolio and again that will improve as we lease up the development side of that. But at a point relatively soon they merge, they become sort of one portfolio and we will track that. And so we wanted to just sort of lay that out and make sure that people are focused on that but also for the time being, split it out so that you can continue to track the progress. Ted, you want to add to Eaton Vance?
Ted Antenucci: Yes, Ki, this is Ted. We marketed on behalf of  upon Eaton Vances request two of the funds and got offers and then ultimately, us and Eaton Vance were not satisfied with the offers, portfolios were not highly occupied and they werent attractive in this particular environment. People are definitely paying top dollar for -- Class A assets are 100% leased in this portfolio at this point in time, didnt meet that criteria. So we have chosen to pull those off the market. There are three other funds and I believe Eaton Vance is interested in marketing those and I think there will probably be more to follow on that.
Walt Rakowich: And Ki Bin to your question, you recall in Q4, we wrote off our investments in two of those funds. So we have removed them from our numbers if you  if you were to put them back into the investment management portfolio, the occupancy would have declined by 57 bps. The total operating portfolio would have declined by 28 bps.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Bilerman of Citi. Your line is now open.
Michael Bilerman: Thank you. Bill, maybe you can give a little bit more granularity on the ramp in core FFO. I know you tried to give some of the details; but if you look at the $0.11 in core without the development gain this quarter and your guidance of $0.55 to $0.60, you get to a quarterly run rate in the last three quarters of $0.15 to $0.16. That's almost $75 million to $100 million of annualized FFO. And I'm just trying to get a sense of what are the big things, I can't imagine that's all capitalized G&A and capitalized interest that's driving that. So maybe you can walk us through some of the big components of really going from $0.11 and it sounds like second quarter is going to be more flattish, up to almost $0.16, $0.17, $0.18 by the end of the year, just given your share count, it's a lot of dollars in FFO. And really what changed relative to mid-March when you had your bond offering where you said you were comfortable with your core FFO guidance and now you've decreased it pretty meaningfully down from $0.60 to down to $0.55 to $0.50?
Bill Sullivan: Michael, let me try to address it in two parts. First of all, let me touch the second part relative to the core FFO guidance. The bond offerings had a dilutive effect and that's the biggest single piece of the decline and that's again associated with the fact that we  at the end of the day we have reduced our line of credit, which is our cheapest form of borrowing as a result of those. I think we have done a great job from a risk management standpoint of pushing out maturities and basically aligning our line of credit that are with what is active development portfolio. And others have gone longer in that regard and there is a risk element associated with that. But a couple of things that sort of popped out in March well past the offerings, we are really  the winter expenses that flow through both the fund portfolios, and our core portfolios sort of gave us a little bit of surprise there and its a one-time charge from our perspective. And there is a chance, we are digging into it that some or all of that maybe more recoverable than we  than we are planning right now. And thats a good thing. We also took a tax charge of about $5 million, that is a one-time item. And so, when you start getting at that, you got about $0.06 right there. So there is a variety of things that impacted our perspective relative to the overall years guidance. But the other side of it is that we believe our development activity will  the $700 million to $800 million that we guided to will definitely come to fruition, we are well along in that regard. However the occurrence of those development costs will occur substantially later and the majority of those other than the land will really be pushed into Q4 and into 2011, which because of that does increase or decrease the amount of capitalized cost associated with those and we have mitigated some of that by planning on pushing some of the asset sale book. And so those are really the key drivers of whats impacting guidance, relative to the ramp up of FFO. We are  I believe in the second quarter and certainly into the third and fourth quarter, we are going to finally start seeing the full effect of what we have leased so far versus what's occupied in the development portfolio and that's been a painful lag for all of you and us. But we are going to start generating the FFO out of that. We are still eating the cost associated with the unoccupied portion of that development portfolio, which is a drag on earnings. If we are successful as we hope to be in continuing to lease up, we have sort of a supercharged FFO associated with that because we get the reimbursement of the expenses we are eating today as well as the base rent associated with the new lease up. And so, we think that will ramp up pretty significantly through the end of the year. And then on the other side, both Walt and I touched on, we need to lease space, we are planning on a recovery in the second half of the year relative to occupancies. And those candidly will generate FFO quicker than a sort of a development portfolio where you always have sort of that three to six month lag time for TEIs et cetera. And so, to the extent that we can get the renewals and increase occupancy in that, I think you will see that ramp up. So again, from a quarterly perspective, you are not going to see all of it in Q2 by any means because we will get hit for some of these capitalized cost that we had in Q1. But by Q3 and Q4, we should start to see that ramp pretty significantly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brendan Maiorana of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. Brendan Maiorana  Wells Fargo Thanks, good morning. I just wanted to revisit the land monetization, which you guys had in the quarter, which was good. It appeared that most of the land as it relates to development starts was from Japan, and the land as a percentage of the overall development cost was pretty high, at around 35%. I'm wondering if you can just give us an outlook on how you think you'll be able to monetize land with your North American land and your European land over the next year or two or three. And what a reasonable percentage of total development costs your land is likely to be?
Ted Antenucci: Hi Brendan, this is Ted. I will do best I can at addressing that. It always gets to be a challenge to try and talk about percentages of land when you are looking at it globally because every part of the world, land is a different component and costs more in many parts of the world than in others and therefore is a much higher percentage in some areas and lower in other areas. Japan happens to be a market that has a very  land rates are very, very high. The UK would fall into that category, some markets within the U.S. would fall into that category. So I think we use on average approximately 25% of the  for non-Japan transactions. And I think we feel very good about the activity level we have both on build-to-suits and in land sales. I mean its encouraging, we are very focused on getting our land bank down. The Japan deals are great opportunity for us, so are the other development deals that we signed. I think we feel like we are definitely on the right track toward meeting our goals for this year and beyond.
Bill Sullivan: And Brendan, I would say this. I believe its one our website, we did a presentation a month or two ago where we laid out the fact that we  our goal is not to take our land to zero, okay. Our goal is to take our land to somewhere in the neighborhood, to lets say $600 million to $1 billion and you get there. We believe that on a run rate basis we can develop somewhere in the neighborhood of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion per year. Now we are not going to hit that this year because its a transition year. But I think when we finally get to a recovered economy, its there. So if you think about land at 25% to 30% of overall value, and you need to carry at least two years to two and half years at land, you get to those kinds of numbers. So our view is we want to take our $2.5 billion today down to -- I am just -- roughly the midpoint of that would be $800 million. And we think that that's about a two and a half to three year process to do that. In other words, we are going to working off excess land. Over the next two to three years, we will probably be working off more land than we buy. We wont be buying zero because in certain markets you may be at no land and in other markets you might have some excess land. But you are working off more land than you are buying and ultimately you are working down to that sort of $800 million, $1 billion, whatever that number is. And then getting, at that point in time you got land where you want it. And that should create also additional upside in our earnings because whether or not you sell the land which you would pay down debt or do something with the capital that would generate a return or you put it into production at some return on invested capital, either way you are getting a return on it and therefore monetizing it. And so that's our real goal and objective long-term. And one other point, we guided this year to $350 million to $400 million. Obviously we monetized the $138 million in the first quarter. We feel very, very good about hitting the $350 million to $400 million at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Mueller of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi, Bill. Just want to go back to the comments about the run rate and the ramp up, I think you said there was $0.06 of one-time items if you would factor in the $5 million tax charge plus the winter expenses. That implies, the winter expenses on a one-time basis were $20 million, $25 million something like that. Is that correct? And then secondly, you keep mentioning the capitalized cost and capitalized overhead. If we're starting with the $42 million G&A expense in the first quarter, I mean how significant of sequential changes are we going to see to that G&A expense that will help you go from the $0.11 in Q2 up to $0.17 in Q3 or so?
Bill Sullivan: I don't know, is this business  Michael, I am not sure, I follow up the beginning of your numbers there because the cost that we are talking about relative to the winter cost, et cetera are nowhere near $20 million. In terms of sort of Q1 big picture items, there is about $5 million of taxes that are sort of one-time. Theres probably versus an historic run rate, an increase in interest cost both in the funds and on the balance sheet as a result of the activities that we have undertaken. There was  interestingly enough on  and I think Michael Bilerman may have said a few minutes ago, these costs sort of are more meaningful these days, but I mean as an example we have payroll taxes in the first quarter where you pay the lions share of FICA in the first quarter and thats not a run rate going forward. And so, there is whole host of things that factor into sort of a first quarter lower FFO and that for us was exaggerated a little bit by some of the one-time cost and it was offset by some benefits that we saw in the first quarter as well. But we feel pretty good about the ramp up through the rest of the year and again, you are not going to see a big piece of that in the second quarter because in fact, we have  to put things in perspective, I think we have a 163 buildings in our completed development portfolio. And we typically capitalize costs associated with those until they reach what we call stabilization, which is either they are 93% leased or they are completed for more than 12 months. And in the first quarter, we had 17 buildings as a subset of that in which we were still capitalizing various costs; 14 of those 17 buildings roll off into the stabilized category in Q2. And so, we will see a decrease in Q2 and Q3 of capitalized costs associated with the roll off of that and you won't pick it up again until Q4 when we start really incurring the lions share of the cost associated with the incremental build-to-suit development etcetera that we have started. I think that answers the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Frankel of Green Street Advisors. Your line is now open.
Steven Frankel: Thank you, and good morning. I have a couple of different questions. First of all, we've seen some of your peers go out and raise equity in the public markets recently to take advantage of the recent rally, get some fire power and/or delever. Can you guys update us on the ATM? I know you guys have one of those you announced recently and your thoughts on an equity raise? Secondly, in Europe conditions there weakened materially during the quarter. We saw occupancy fall more 100 bps for PEPR, and almost 200 bps for the other fund PEPR 2. How does that enter into your guys calculus on starting build-to-suits? And why start build-to-suits if you have so much supply in your current high quality portfolio in Europe?
Walt Rakowich: I will take the second piece. First of let me say this, Steve, good question. I think will take the second piece of it and then I will let Bill take the first. You start build-to-suits because companies want it not because you want them. I mean whats happening is that companies are looking for a certain size in a certain location. Nine times out of 10 on one or two pieces of land that makes sense to them. And you might have an existing building that's out there but the fact is that it maybe  it may not fit them, they needed a 100,000 square feet and you got 80,000, they can  that particular building just may not fit them or maybe they want 100 with an additional 30 of expansion. And so what you are  what you are finding is that they are less and less of those choices and you don't have developers building those choices on a speculative basis. And so, while the market doesn't appear to be growing per se in terms of additional occupancy, it is certainly  there are companies that are in need of space that just isn't out there. And so we have got really one or two choices, you can either ignore it or in our case you have got land that needs to be monetized over time. You can hop on it and do it. And there aren't that many companies out there that have the capital today to build these buildings. And so, we think its an opportunity and again, I think you will see as you look at our quarterly numbers throughout the year, I think you are going to see that we will do a substantial amount of that build-to-suit business which is indicative of the fact that the market is there. There are just people that need it. Why do it? In addition to that, frankly the construction cost today are somewhere in the neighborhood of 20% down from where they were two years ago. And so, you have always people that are floating around in the market saying, Well, boy, we are buying these assets at a 20% to 30% discount to replacement cost. And they are fooling themselves to a certain degree because replacement cost had changed and now it may be back to where it was in 2007 in a couple of years but the fact is that replacement cost are much lower today. And I would much rather build a new building preleased on a long-term basis with a great customer and monetize land at 20% below where I could build a building than be out there knocking our heads against everybody else in the market that in 20 other buyers that are looking to buy something that creates no value on the long-term basis. That's why we are developing today and I think ultimately you will find the demand is there to meet it.
Ted Antenucci: I just want to caution you, I mean there has been a drop in occupancy in Europe, its going from 96.27 to 94.74 is  I mean 94.74 is a phenomenal occupancy level in any circumstance, this is one of the toughest markets any of us have ever seen. I think thats a fully occupied market at 94.74. That is not to say that might drop a little bit more but the overall occupancy levels in our portfolio in Europe are fantastic at this point and we have a team out there thats doing a great job with new buildings leased.
Walt Rakowich: Bill, ATM.
Bill Sullivan: Yes, just relative to the ATM, the ATM program is something we have had in place for many, many, many years and we have used it intermittently. And so, as you get near the end, we used it in the fall and just to tab in earlier this year, to about $28 million. And as you get near the end, we reload that program. We thought an opportune time to do that was when were in the midst of following the covert offering and entering into the blackout period for the earnings where we are in a period where we technically couldnt sell anything for about 60 day period. Just to take the heat off the market, then Kim we are going to go up and sell a bunch of stock. The practical reality is that if we choose to raise equity of any size, we will do it in an open market transaction. But the ATM offers us the opportunity that if circumstances arise where you can take advantage of something and use $50 million or $75 million here and there. That program is available to this and I believe that we would use it. So the main message there is if we were going to do an offering or raise equity of any size, we do it through the normal process in open market.
Walt Rakowich: And Steve, I want to make one of the point to back to the development, which I didn't make before but I am glad you raised the question. I made a comment in my comment, I should say prepared comments that we think that between the third quarter and the fourth quarter that we have created somewhere in the neighborhood of $60 million of NAV with our land in its book basis and that's on basically five deals if you look at our starts in Q4 and our starts in Q1. And I think the interesting thing is that we believe today that were we to sell these starts, we would create something there in the neighborhood of $16 million. We would be roughly at 20% to 21% margin on our cost with our land in at book bases. And that really is indicative of what's happened to cap rates in the last year. And again, I would rather build it at much higher yields than be knocking our heads out there to buy it on the buy side. I think that's the way to create NAV.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Vick of Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is now open.
Josh Barber: Good morning. Its Josh Barber here with Dave. In light of some your comments about Europe, I was just wondering why PEPR II had taken such a large write-up. It was written up by almost 50% in the quarter. Was that really just cap rate compression so much in the last three months?
Bill Sullivan: I think in PEPR II and candidly I think any weaker share is the exact same number off by a couple of pennies or by euros. I dont know if you said up or down, but if it moved down, that would be because of the euro exchange rate going down between Q4 and Q1, but the actual NAV per share between the fourth and first quarter, I think is really close. I am not sure I understand -- why don't we take that question if we could offline and we will be happy to get back to you on it.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Auerbach [ph] of ISI. Your line is now open.
George Auerbach: Can you provide some color on the economics of the dispositions and developments in Q1 and also with regards to future dispositions, are you still guiding to roughly $1.4 billion in sales this year and what kind of pricing should we expect?
Walt Rakowich: Yes, George, I can. Essentially there was $172 million or $171 million of dispositions in the first quarter. You got to back out $47 million of that was in land, which weve sort of spoken to. Of the rest of it, 95% of that was in two buildings, okay. One was the narrow Marischino contribution to JLS in Tokyo and that was $88 million, that was at 5.9% cap rate. And the other one was a building that was in New Jersey, Port Reading that we did a build-to-suit on, that we had a prearranged agreement  an agreement with our North American fund, which we cut last year to contribute it when it was done in at an 8.25% yield and I would say that 8.25% on new buildings today would probably be somewhere in 7.25% to 7.5% range worst case. And so, there is value, obviously that the funds got and because we had cut the deal last year, the cap is 8.25%. But 5.9% I think is very characteristic of the Tokyo market today and then when you add land to that, you come up to 95% of the $172 million.
Bill Sullivan: And let me just  because we have pulled up some of the data. In response to the last question, the euro at March 31st for asset value purposes was at 134 and it was 144 at year end. And so, that difference accounts for 100% of the decline in the NAV (left to).
Walt Rakowich: And George, one of the question  one of the things, Im sorry, I missed your second part of your question, we are still guiding, we are not changing at this point our overall disposition guidance for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shane Buckner [ph] of Wells Capital Management. Your line is now open.
Shane Buckner: Yes, you had mentioned earlier NAV accretion based on current cap rates. I was wondering if you could just talk about your internal view where cap rates may go with a recovery. Are you making decisions about your portfolio based on an improvement in cap rates? Or do you expect the recovery to increase in interest rates and cap rates stay flat? Just trying to get an idea of how you think about it as you're making decisions on your portfolio and development activity.
Walt Rakowich: Shane, I dont think  its hard to say, obviously, but I dont know that I would be a proponent to say that cap rates are coming down from where they are today. I think cap rates are where they are and obviously they have come down substantially in the last 12 months. And so, it would be  I think it would be crazy. Even though I think there will be more capital in the market, I am not sure I would believe that cap rates are coming down substantially, the flip side to that is because of the amount of capital in the market, I am not sure that they are going up either much in the next year. And so, how are we planning our portfolio around that? Well, one of the things that we talked about is that we were going to sell some assets throughout the year predominantly in the U.S. and trade those dollars into development assets where we think we can create NAV. And I still believe today that that is the right thing to do because there isnt as much competition to build existing buildings. We have a land bank that we need to monetize and we have got the people in the place in customer relationships. So we are best positioned to do that. So why would you gravitate your core competency and in doing so, sell assets that  whether its a feeding frenzy. And so, we continue to have that in the back of our minds candidly we are less anxious to do it immediately because the developments will ramp up more towards the end of the year and selling assets substantially in advance to the cash flow needed for those development is significantly dilutive. And so, we are going to try to time that a little bit better but it really hasn't changed our overall view of how we go about our business right now.
Ted Antenucci: I think the business model that we currently have also doesn't have  I mean we certainly have NAV risk relative to cap rates but our business model is not built around cap rates anymore. I mean we are not building buildings to sell them. Cap rates are going to go up and down, rents are going to go up and down Respectively are going to develop properties at a return that's higher than our weighted cost of funds and play for cash flow. And we think that opportunity is out there especially within developments on land that we own.
Walt Rakowich: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Your last question comes from Ross Nussbaum. Your line is now open.
Ross Nussbaum: Hi, guys. Just a follow-up on my first question because I heard a couple of different messages I wanted you to clarify. Bill, I thought I heard you say at the beginning that you're comfortable at least for the time being having part of the dividend covered through development sale gains until you start generating more operating income off of the development assets. Yet, at the same time, I'm hearing that the business model isn't predicated upon cap rate changes. And I guess those two statements really stand out to me in the sense that wouldn't we all feel more comfortable if the dividend were being covered simply by operating cash flows going forward and development gains weren't part of that at all?
Bill Sullivan: Yes, I think we don't feel. I don't think there is anybody on this call wouldnt feel more comfortable if the dividend were currently being covered on a pure operating cash flow. But the fact of the matter is that until we monetize the land and lease up the vacant space, we are going to take advantage of the gains that we see out there and use that and maintain our dividend, and to distribute the funds to shareholders as REITs are supposed to do. And so, you are 100% right, Ross. And I hesitate to chuckle on it, but its  I know the question is probably deeper but its an obvious answer. Yes, we would all prefer that covered and its straight out of operating cash flow and core cash flow. I don't whether you wanted to 
Walt Rakowich: No, Ross, the only thing I would add to that is if you have got $175 million of additional FFO and simply leasing up your development pipe line, moving up your occupancies a little bit and that's not with regard to monetizing land and the upside associated with. I dont think that you are really that far off at this point in time and we have no  we got no intention at this point in time of reducing the dividend. So, operator, I think we are done at this point.
Operator: Okay, and I turn the call back to you if you have any closing remarks.
Walt Rakowich: None here.
Operator: Well, thank you everybody for participating in todays ProLogis Q1 2010 conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-11 15:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christopher and I will be your conference facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the ProLogis fourth quarter 2009 year-end financial results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. All lines are currently in a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) The questions will be taken in the order which they are received. Also please limit yourself to one question at a time. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Melissa Marsden, Managing Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications with ProLogis. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Melissa Marsden: Thank you, Christopher. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter and year end 2009 conference call. By now you should all have received an email with a link to our supplemental as well as our business drivers, but if not, the documents are available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning, we will hear from Walt Rakowich, CEO, to comment on the market environment and then Bill Sullivan, CFO, will cover results and guidance. Additionally, we are joined today by Ted Antenucci, President and Chief Investment Officer, Chuck Sullivan, Head of Global Operations and Gary Anderson, Head of Global Investment Management. Before we begin prepared remarks, I would like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry which ProLogis operates as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guaranteed to performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statements notice in our SEC filings. I would also like to add that our fourth quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. And as we have done in the past, to allow a broader range of investors and analysts an opportunity to ask their questions, we will ask you to limit your questions to one at a time. Walt, would you please begin?
Walt Rakowich: Sure. Thanks, Melissa. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'm going to talk about what we are currently seeing in our markets, our outlook for fundamentals throughout 2010 and how we plan to reposition our asset base in the future. Bill will have more on our financial results and guidance for 2010 in a moment. As we enter 2010, we are cautiously optimistic. On the one hand, markets are improving and the dynamics in the business point to better days ahead. On the other hand, we are acutely aware of the macro environment, tremendous capacity still left in the economy, unemployment continuing to plague us in many areas of the world and rising government debt with no near-term solution. These are problems that will not go away soon and we are continuously assessing their potential impact on our business. However, with that as a backdrop, let's talk about what we are seeing in our industry. In our third quarter conference call, we noted that our global markets were beginning to show some signs of stability. In Q4, we saw continuation of this trend. For the first time in five quarters, we saw positive net demand of just over 3 million square feet in the top 31 North American markets. In Europe, we saw a similar trend in our markets with positive net demand of 3.5 million square feet. Delivery still outpaced net demand in the U.S., resulting in a slight drop in occupancies, but that trend should reverse itself in Q1 or Q2 this year as new deliveries will slow to a trickle. In Europe, occupancies were flat from Q3 to Q4. Overall market rents are still soft, of course and they will be until occupancies rise. However, they too are stabilizing as leasing volumes pick up. It's interesting to note that ProLogis's overall leasing volume was up 9.4% in Q4 over Q3. Now there are three things we are seeing in the markets today that point to a potentially better environment. First, a complete lack of new supply. Second, rising construction costs. And third, higher expected rates of return. Those three characteristics are inconsistent with the soft rental environment that we see today. And of course, without an increase in demand these factors are less relevant, but with net new demand, they could have a significant impact. So let me explain. As a general statement since 2007, market rents declined by roughly 20% globally, while cap rates rose by about 20 to 25%. Under those conditions, there should not be a substantial amount of new development unless buildings could be built for 40% or so less than they could two years ago. And of course that hasn't happened, so new supply is virtually nonexistent. Consider that the starts in the top North American markets that we track, totaled only 12 million square feet in 2009 and almost all of it was build to suit. The lowest level of starts in the last 25 years was about 50 million square feet in 1992. So 2009 starts were about 75% below the lowest level seen in 25 years. In addition, even with leasing volumes improving, we expect 2010 will have a similarly low level of supply because current lease rates just don't pencil vis-a-vis costs and return expectations. So what about construction costs? Well, they are lower since contractors are out of work and land prices are down. Last year, we could build in most areas of the world for about 20% below 2007 prices. But a 20% drop in cost cannot make up for a 20% drop in rent and a 20 to 25% change in expected yields and the current environment is changing. Emerging markets are heating up again, so costs are on the rise. Steel is up 15% since October. Asphalt is up substantially with oil now at $75 a barrel. Only concrete is expected to remain flat this year. Overall, we expect a 5 to 7% increase in hard costs in most areas of the world in 2010. Now some believe the market is far too oversupplied with good product already with a long way to go before conditions are tight enough to require new facilities. Perhaps, but that depends on your view how quickly demand picks up. In our product type, this real estate downturn was demand and capital driven, not supply driven. And while net demand contracted in 2009, there was still positive absorption in new state of the art facilities at the expense of second generation buildings. This is particularly true in Europe and Japan where functional obsolescence is a bigger driver of demand. In the U.S., net absorption and growth in industrial space has historically had a direct correlation to real GDP growth. It's a very simplistic analysis, but for every 1% increase in real U.S. GDP, we believe there is a need for additional 50 million square feet of space. Estimates for 2010 real GDP growth ranged from 2 to 3%. And if this is achieved, it will go a long way toward bringing occupancies in line with historical averages. Add to that annual obsolescence and ongoing supply chain reconfiguration and we could have a dramatically different occupancy picture in 12 to 24 months, aided in large part by the complete lack of new supply. So what does this mean for us? Well, at a minimum, it argues for continued stability. And down the road, it potentially argues for new development and thus rising rental rates and rising values. We will see. It does depend on demand. But we are finally seeing large blocks of new space being absorbed, with still no new supply to fill the void. In recent weeks, we've signed some of the largest leases done during the largest leases done during the last 12 to 18 months in several markets including the U.K., Hungary, Tokyo, Las Vegas, Indianapolis and the Inland Empire. In fact, we are working a number to build to suit proposals because certain sizes of new space in certain locations are becoming scarce. In the second half of 2009, we signed build to suits with a total expected investment of over $336 million because our customers lack available choices. This year, we expect to double that, with about 80% to 90% of this new development occurring in either Asia or Europe. In addition, many companies are beginning to talk again about sustainability. The number of companies with environmental agendas is accelerating and just two weeks ago, the SEC mandated that companies begin disclosing the impact of climate change on their businesses. It's clear that environmental stewardship is not a fad and we believe particularly as the economy recovers, it will continue to drive the need for new efficient facilities and accelerate the obsolescence of older ones. As for institutional demand, investors have definitely increased their appetite for industrial product and are beginning to talk of real estate as an inflation hedge. Since last summer, average prices for industrial real estate have risen by about 10% because there are more buyers than sellers. There is a sense now that prices per square foot are as cheap as they will get, that customer demand will soon increase and cash flows will have to rise down the road as a result. So given this increase in institutional demand and lack of product on the market, we will look to strategically reposition our direct owned asset base over the next few years through leverage neutral capital recycling. While our cash flow from operations covers maintenance CapEx and dividends, we plan to fund our capital needs through selective third party sales of second generation and non-core product that we own in the U.S. We will also continue to make some contributions into our property funds. We plan to recycle the proceeds in the new primarily build-to-suit development which we intend to hold on our balance sheet. This approach will allow us to achieve three objectives. First, retain more of our development, thereby decreasing the age of our wholly owned asset pool. Second, improve the geographic diversification of our wholly owned asset pool as most of our planned developments are in international markets. And third, monetize our land bank more quickly as we can respond to RFPs without regard to third party takeouts. In summary, we remain cautious on the macro environment, but are encouraged by early signs of fundamental improvement in our business. Customer demand is picking up. Asset pricing has improved. Our work to stabilize our balance sheet is substantially complete and we are now shifting our focus to positioning ourselves to take advantage of the opportunities that we see on the horizon. And while 2010 will still be a tough year from an earnings perspective, we believe there is significant potential for us to enhance cash flow, improve portfolio diversification and create long term value for our shareholders. Now, let me turn it over to Bill.
Bill Sullivan: Thanks, Walt. As I have said before, 2009 was an extremely complicated and challenging year as it relates to reporting our results. However, we expect 2010 to be substantially cleaner and we hope to simplify things for our investor audience. With that as a precursor, I would like to cover three topics today. First is, our 2009 results relative to our previous guidance with particular emphasis on Q4. Second, I will review our 2010 guidance and the underlying key assumptions. And third, I will briefly touch on our balance sheet and fund debt positioning. For the full year 2009, we generated FFO excluding significant non-cash items of $1.15 per share. Adding back $0.26 in one time or nonrecurring costs as outlined in our press release resulted in FFO excluding non-cash items and nonrecurring costs of $1.41 for the year, at the mid-point of our previous guidance of $1.39 to $1.43. Let me dive a little deeper into Q4 2009, to give a perspective on both the magnitude and type of adjustments made as well as to better outline the earnings potential for the company. In Q4 2009, we generated $0.23 per share in FFO, excluding significant non-cash items and non-recurring charges. I will talk more about those adjustments in a minute. First, let me shed some light on the nature of the $0.23 per share. That number includes roughly $0.08 in gains on disposition of real estate properties, all of which represent gains off of original gross book basis. Removing the gains will provide a core Q4 FFO of roughly $0.15 or $0.60 on an annualized basis. Before I walk through how this translates to 2010 performance, let me address the non-cash and nonrecurring charge adjustments made in Q4. As noted on page 1.4 of the supplemental, during the quarter we recorded approximately 369 million or $0.78 per share in impairments and other non-cash charges. The principal components of these adjustments were $136 million on land that we have targeted for sale in 2010 and beyond. These impairments represent approximately a 30% reduction from an original book basis of $438 million. $54 million on retail properties and ground leases acquired as part of the Catellus merger targeted for sale or redevelopment in 2010. $115 million related to the write-down on our investments in a retail joint venture in Europe, which principally holds land positions in the U.K. and CEE. And $28 million representing our investment in two of our Eaton Vance Funds. On the non-recurring charge front, we incurred just over $45 million or $0.10 per share in charges in Q4 that we consider as non-recurring, the principal components of which were about $14.5 million in legal tax and investment banking fees related to our bond consent solicitation, which was completed in October. $20 million associated with a trueup of indemnities we have provided to several of our funds. Liabilities were set up for these obligations, but due to the current leasing environment, we revisited the original releasing assumptions and adjusted accordingly. $13 million was related to settlement costs associated with an obligation assumed in the Catellus merger agreement. And finally, there were a small number of other items that added approximately $2 million to FFO on a net basis that we considered as not repeatable. Now turning to 2010 guidance, we expect 2010 FFO to be in a range of $0.74 to $0.78 per share with approximately $0.10 of that from gains on dispositions or contributions and $0.64 to $0.68 from core operations. Earnings per share are expected to be $0.25 to $0.29. As we discussed and displayed in our November NAREIT presentation and subsequent investor conference presentation, we believe we have substantial upside FFO potential from the development portfolio and land assets currently on our balance sheet. However, realization of that upside will occur over the next two to four years. Offsetting a portion of this upside is higher net interest expense based on lower capitalized interest, the effect of which occurs virtually immediately. Therefore, in relating our 2010 guidance back to our Q4 2009 annualized core FFO run rate of $0.60 per share. The run rate FFO will increase as a result of more of a full year effect of the development portfolio lease up accomplished in 2009 as well as incremental lease up of our development portfolio in 2010. Additionally, we expect larger development management fees to result from our renewable energy group as well as an increased focus on construction management activities for third parties. These increases in 2010 will be offset to a degree, as we expect to see a continued decrease in same-store NOI based on lease rollovers in the current environment. A as well as a decrease in capitalized interest costs associated with the completion of our existing development portfolio. Finally, as I will talk about a minute, we expect new development activity to pick up as 2010 progresses and to fund this activity through disposition of assets off our balance sheet. In order to mitigate risk associated with that development activity, it is likely that we will be selling assets slightly ahead of the income generation from the development activity which is dilutive to FFO in 2010. In looking at the approximately $0.10 per share, we expect in gains for 2010, roughly 40% of that is expected from our Japan operations, 25% is related to an expectation of recapture from 2009 contributions into PEP 2 and the remainder is associated with a variety of targeted building, land and ground lease sales. Contrary to popular opinion and as we have said in the past, we believe gains from our development activity will be a recurring source of FFO and will grow over time. Earlier today, we released a document that outlines the business drivers that support our 2010 guidance, the more significant of which I will quickly review for those who don't have that summary readily available. From a leasing standpoint, we expect to see a 1.5 to 2.5% increase in overall leasing percentage within the total portfolio, i.e., the core development and investment management portfolios on a combined basis. For the core portfolio, month-to-month and expiring leases represent 15.3% of annualized base rent. We anticipate effective rents on turnovers to be down 10 to 12% and average retention of 65 to 70%. In our investment management business, month-to-month in expiring leases represent 13% of annualized base rents with expected rents on turnovers down a similar 10 to 12% and retention of 70 to 75%. Same-store NOI, which we report in the aggregate for both direct and fund properties is expected to decrease by 1.5 to 3%, reflecting the continued negative rent growth. We anticipate starting 700 to $800 million of new development. This development combined with land sales is expected to monetize approximately 350 million to $400 million of land. We expect contributions and dispositions of land, core portfolio assets and development portfolio assets to total 1.3 to $1.5 billion for the year. Roughly 60% of this amount is related to planned dispositions or contributions of U.S. assets with the remainder divided roughly equally between Europe and Asia. On the expense side, gross G&A is expected to be down roughly 7% with total capitalized G&A in amounts reported as rental and investment management expenses in line with 2009 levels. Gross interest expense is expected to be roughly flat for 2009 with net interest expense increasing by 10 to 12% principally as a result of lower level of capitalized interest. With these drivers in mind, there are two questions that I would have if I were in your shoes. The first is, are you done with impairments and other adjustments? And the second is, how could 2010 look better or worse? The answer to the question on whether we will have further impairments is maybe. But we do not believe anywhere near the degree that we saw in 2008 and 2009. Our primary focus continues to be on growing NAV and establishing a framework for long-term FFO growth. In that vein, we will seek to monetize land assets through outright sale as quickly and prudently as possible and will sell and contribute additional assets to third parties and two funds, none of which are currently targeted to be at losses in 2010. However, depending on valuations and circumstances, we may incur incremental impairments or losses. The answer to the second question will evolve over the course of the year. But in simple form, we could see accretion to our guidance FFO from improved economic conditions, quicker than expected lease up of our development portfolio and a weakening dollar. We can see dilution to our FFO guidance from weaker than expected economic conditions sooner, rather than later debt refinancing activities or a strengthening dollar. Finally, turning to our financing activities. On the balance sheet, we far surpassed our goal of reducing direct debt by $2 billion by the end of 2009. Our year-end direct debt balance of roughly 7.9 billion represents a total decrease of 2.7 billion from December 2008. Overall debt increased by about 275 million compared with where we ended Q3. However, overall liabilities remained essentially flat as we used a portion of the October bond issuance to pay off approximately $190 million to the IRS related to the Catellus tax audit. We also made investments of $49 million related to our share of the North American industrial fund capital call through which the fund prepaid debt at a substantial discount and $59 million in PEPR related to the purchase of convertible preferred units, which yield 10.5%. Our 2010 and 2011 balance sheet debt maturities are relatively modest 233 million and $190 million respectively as a result of our focus in 2009. As I noted in our Q3 call, the next hurdle is related to 2012 and 2013 direct debt maturities and this is not lost on us. But as we stated then, we are evaluating alternatives. We have proven access to the capital markets and intend to address the vast majority of those maturities no later than mid-2011. Turning to fund debt, we had a very busy fourth quarter 2009, reducing our 2010 fund debt maturities from $2.5 billion at September 30 to $1.6 billion as of December 31. It has been an equally busy beginning to 2010 as we have closed on multiple financings in the last 30 days and the 2010 fund debt maturities have been reduced to approximately 775 million since the beginning of the year. We have a specific action planned on each of these pieces of debt, the vast majority of which will be refinanced or paid off by June 30. In short, our fund debt profile is much like that of our direct debt. We have substantially addressed 2010 maturities and have relatively modest 2011 maturities. To wrap up, we see 2010 as a year to establish a baseline for core operations, upon which we can and will grow. We are less focused on FFO in 2010 than we are on creating value and setting ourselves up to take advantage of opportunities to grow the business long term in a prudent matter. Now let me turn it back to Walt.
Walt Rakowich: Thank you, Bill. And before I open it up for Q&A, let me leave you with three short and final thoughts. First, we accomplished a lot in 2009 and most of what we set out to do is now substantially complete. Second, last year we were in a crisis mode, reacting to dire market conditions. This year we are thinking proactively about repositioning our asset base, improving our operations, growing our development business again and increasing assets under management. Our people are energized again with early evidence of improving market conditions and better days ahead. And third, we have substantial upside in our earnings over the next three to four years from simply monetizing our non-income producing assets and that will happen. But don't forget about our platform, people in 18 countries, customers with us in multiple markets and capital sources throughout the globe. It's extensive, it's deep and it is still there. And let me tell you, that platform represents a powerful engine for additional growth in the years ahead. Operator, we can open it up for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of James Feldman with Bank of America. Your line is open.
James Feldman: Thank you. Bill, I was hoping you could talk us through what your 2010 guidance would mean in terms of AFFO and what the major drivers will be to get from one to the other?
Bill Sullivan: Well, AFFO, I know people have what I view as a defined term and people look at it slightly differently. But in essence what we look at is the FFO. This is the way we think about the dividend as well as growing our operations. We add back to FFO, the cap interest, the cap G&A. We subtract out the straight line rents. We subtract out the difference or add to the difference, the differential between the distributions we get from our funds and the FFO we generate from our funds. And then we look at that as compared to CapEx, the current dividend and the preferred dividend. And from our 2010 view of that measure, we exceed our dividend and CapEx requirements. We put that cap G&A and cap interest down in our development costs, as we view that as part of our funding for our development activities.
Walt Rakowich: And Jamie, along those same lines as Bill said, I mean look, if you didn't develop 700 to 800 million or that's your $336 million or whatever the number is, you wouldn't have those people. You just wouldn't. And you would have that interest expense. That's the way we think about it. The other thing I would say is candidly, if you look at $2 billion of development still -- actually it's $1.7 billion but on lease, but in addition to that we have got those building that were leased last year and we still don't have cash flow and that will be trickling in this year and into next year. And then you got $2.5 billion of land that we will monetize over time. We think there is tremendous upside in that AFFO. So candidly, while we think it's about at the dividend at this point, slightly above it, we aren't concerned about where the dividend is. And if anything hopefully over time there will be nice upside in that dividend.
James Feldman: Right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Hi. Good morning. Walt, maybe you can talk about this portfolio repositioning that you've outlined in terms of selling or contributing $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion of assets and obviously, that includes some of the land that you are doing. And thinking about that predominantly, you have probably the older assets that you want to liquidate or contribute in and what you are reinvesting in and Europe and Asia probably comes at a lower yield. I would expect that those activities, putting the land aside for a second, would be considerably dilutive to earnings. And while it goes towards improving the core portfolio and I guess your geography, it may come as a considerable cost.
Walt Rakowich: Michael, I'm really glad you asked that question. And actually, I probably should have put something in the prepared remarks again because I think its spot on. Interestingly enough and I'm going to ask Ted to comment alongside me with this. But what we were seeing in build to suit yields right now are somewhere between 8.5 and 9% and as low as 8. But most of the deals we're looking at are 8.5 and 9. And one deal we did last year was closer to 10. And that by the way is without land at 100% basis, okay. And what we are seeing on the ability to sell second generation assets into the market, depending how well leased they are obviously depending on where they are and the like because it could be a wide dispersion. But we were thinking those cap rates will be from the low eights to potentially, depending on how old the assets are to high eights and maybe even low nines, okay. And so it really depends on the blend. But honestly, we are thinking about it as more of an even trade than anything at this point. And in fact, if you consider the fact that the land is already on our balance sheet it's actually accretive from an overall cash flow perspective. So that I think that's the plus. What Bill was referring to in his comments regarding dilution is that, let's assume we do 700 to 800 million of development this year, we are going to probably pay for roughly, on a half year basis we pay for half of it, because we wouldn't start it all immediately and you got half of it next year. While, our view is that we'd like to capitalize those developments now, meaning that if we can sell assets in advance of that and be debt neutral and actually in fact in the short term you end up being debt positive, because you basically pay down your line in advance of your development costs but that will be dilutive. But the overall stabilization of that development vis-a-vis the cap rates that we think we can get will be pretty much a push. And then I am going to ask Ted, you want to make any comments along those lines in terms what we are seeing?
Ted Antenucci: Yeah. I mean, the build-to-suit activity has been encouraging. We have a lot of questions on it. We are in over 100 markets and in over 100 markets, you are going to see some reasonable number of opportunities. Certainly less today than we saw two years ago. There is more interest and demand out there, than I think most people think and certainly than what we anticipated. Japan obviously yields would be less. But if we were to match buildings in Japan up with debt, I think our leverage returns will end up kind of blending that out. So that it again becomes a relatively neutral trade. The reason it's a neutral trade is we are doing development and we are getting a higher yield because of development. If we actually sell and contribute assets in the U.S. and buy assets in Europe or Japan that would be more dilutive. And we are real encouraged by what we are seeing on the markets and improving the overall quality of our portfolio long-term.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Paul Morgan: Hi, good morning. Can you just talk about your leasing strategy and whether it's evolving? Are you very focused on kind of monetizing the vacancy near-term or as you are getting more constructive as you said about demand and in 2010. Are you inclined to be somewhat more patient? And then maybe characterize that answer across the different geographies?
Ted Antenucci: Paul, this is Ted. We are going to continue to -- we continue our focus on occupancy. We're meeting the market, I mean where people all -- you can call it aggressive in call it whatever you want. We're meeting the market and we're leasing our space. That's our primary goal and primary focus. As our portfolio gets more occupied, call it 92 to 93%, we will certainly take a look at ways to increase rents. We believe that day is coming. There is no new supply. There is no new supply being brought to the markets. We are encouraged by that dynamic, with GDP growth we think there will be net new demand, I think there will be net new demand overall and throughout the world in the next few years, no new supply coming in line. We were hoping to have the opportunity to push rents as Walt talked about in his remarks. Costs -- Although they have come down, they have not come down enough to offset what has been a drop in rent in movement and cap rates. And clearly there will be an increase in rents at the point in time when new development starts to take place. We are seeing that in our build to suit transactions and we are seeing in a few other transactions that are going on in the market that are build to suits, rents on the build to suit projects are higher than what you can lease a current vacant building for. Makes sense to us. We think that's going to, that's how it will play out over time. So in the trends pretty much throughout the world, Japan is still a very strong market for us. All building that we are -- we built in Japan for the most part are leasing at its kind of the pace at which we anticipated. We are getting the type of rents we anticipated. One nice dynamic in Japan is costs are down there. So on newer development deals, we're actually seeing a pick up in yield. And then in the balance of the world that we work within, I think it's relatively consistent with that of the U.S. and Europe are relatively in the same boat right now.
Walt Rakowich: Chuck, do you want to add to that?
Chuck Sullivan: Paul, there are markets that are -- we have been pleasantly surprised with activity. One I would point out would be for example Houston. In Houston, we maintained above 95% occupancy for the last several quarters. We have other markets that are similar to that and that's bearing out in the fundamentals in those markets. We don't expect rents to turn immediately in those markets, but it's promising. Additionally, activity levels globally have improved slightly. It's still a little bit lumpy in various markets. But for the most part, we were starting to see activity, which would translate into hopefully higher occupancies and some potential rent growth say couple quarters from now, as opposed to immediately.
Walt Rakowich: Let me add one more thing, too. In the markets that we track in the U.S. it's really interesting. In Q4, '08 and if you go quarter-by-quarter in terms of what happened with vacancy -- vacancy rates, vacancy rates increased in Q4, '08 to Q1, '09, 71 bips. Q1 to Q2, 65 bips, Q2 to Q3, 24 bips and then Q3 to Q4, 5 bips. I mean if you graph that out, it is clearly leveling out. And again we think that's because of the lack of new supply in the market and the overall just activity level is picking up. And I think you would see that relatively consistent throughout the world.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sloan Bohlen with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Sloan Bohlen: Hi, good morning, guys. Walt and probably Bill, too, you guys talked about basically being leverage neutral with regards to sales and development this year. But as we look ahead and look at the debt maturities in '12, particularly with the converts. What do you expect the plan will be towards a leveraged target at some point in the future and what do you expect to be as sources of how you go about delevering?
Bill Sullivan: So let me take that the in essence we have been pretty consistent in terms of where we are targeting sort of overall leverage. And again that's a question of how you look at things, whether it's on a book basis, whether a look through basis, whether it's on any NAV et cetera and NAV beauty is in eye of the beholder. And so but let me purely from a book basis, we look at it and say we want to be in the low to mid-40s on a straight balance sheet perspective. Given some of the leverage in a couple of the funds, we look at it on a look through basis in the 45 to 50% levered basis. We believe that sort of level would provide us the opportunity ultimately for ratings upgrades if we can combine that, which we will in terms of increased FFO off the non-income producing assets today, to hit the interest coverage targets. And so that's where we are sort of planning things. In terms of how to deal with 2012 and '13 maturities, in the grand scheme of things, we said to be we are going to deal with it. And then we have access to a variety of I mean virtually every part of the capital market spectrum last year. We probably intend to do the same in 2010 and 2011. And right now, at least before everybody went into a blackout, the debt markets were pretty vibrant, the convert markets are vibrant. And so we intend to look at the spectrum of alternatives and pursue those and we'll give us a good opportunity to extend out debt maturities at the most reasonable cost. Clearly as we talked about, we have -- one of our objectives is to level out our debt maturities in a substantially better fashion than we dealt with in the past. And if you look out there right now, we've got a hold of 2017 and so seven year deal would be right up our alley. We clearly have a whole 10 years out. And Simon accessed the 30 year market and so we are looking at everything out there. And hang on and you will see.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum with UBS. Your line is open.
Ross Nussbaum: Hi, good morning, everyone. The data we look at for fourth quarter industrial shows the bulk distribution did meaningfully better on the demand front than flex and light manufacturing. Is this is a trend you seen inside of your portfolio? And if so how does it relate to the type, kind, size, location of assets that you plan on disposing of this year?
Walt Rakowich: Ross, so let me just quickly answer that. First of all we really don't own flex or much like -- the only light manufacturing we own to my knowledge is in Mexico. And so we really don't own that much candidly, Ross, the truth matter I have been in business now for 25 to 26 years. And I am a big, big believer in bulk industrial. I am not a big believer in flex or light industrial. I don't like it. It's tends to be very heavily built I mean heavily built out from a TI perspective and light industrial tends to be very manufacturing oriented, which scares the heck out of me in most markets. So we are big bulk distribution guys and over the 25 years that I have been in the business. Bulk distribution has always done incredibly well, vis-a-vis the other two product types, because it's not heavily capital intensive. It tends to be usable to or I should say flexible to a lot of different users and that's why we invest in it. And that's why candidly, you read a lot of these occupancy numbers or vacancy numbers that are out there. People say, well industrial markets are 13 to 14% vacant. That's a bunch of baloney. It might be, but it is our product type. Not for class B or class A product. It's just not and so that's why we invest in that product type and it has outperformed and it will continue to outperform we believe down the road. Chuck, do you want to add to that?
Chuck Sullivan: I would echo and say it's highly utilitarian. More correlated to GDP and less correlated to job loss. And the typical light industrial or flex space is also competing in a couple of different arenas. One of those is office and that puts a lot of pressure on that product type that we don't experience.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Kim with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Ki Kim: Thank you. First, I turn to your capital deployment front, your guidance for 700 million of new development starts, how much of that have you actually identified in terms of talking in negotiations with tenants? And how do those deals compare to perhaps putting new equity into your funds or JVs at depressed NAV prices, i.e. from the prices, i.e. something like PEPR, which is trading at 30% below pays NAV?
Walt Rakowich: Okay.
Bill Sullivan: Im not sure on the PEPR question. Maybe you can repeat that. I could certainly but just had respond to  its in interesting to note in the last six months of last year so last months into 336 million of develop starts or we signed agreement the total that amount in starts. So it's not at a pace that is unprecedented here. I mean the last six months we did it we think that the next six to 12 months, things will be better than the last six months. So we feel very comfortable with those numbers and I'm not sure.
Walt Rakowich: Yeah. Your question about PEPR is in my mind more of a broader question, which is putting equity into our funds and investing in those. And we said that for the last 12 months that we believe there are opportunities to invest incremental capital into our funds because we know those assets the best. We built most of them, managed all of them. And we've done that. We put money into NA2. We put money into NA3. As we talked about on the call here, we put some more money into NAV in Q4 to buy down debt at a substantial discount. And we invested in PEPR in Q4 at a very nice coupon return on the convertible preferred. And so we do think that our funds represent some opportunities from time-to-time and that's a good thing. Let me turn to Gary just in the grand scheme of things.
Gary Anderson: I think you hit it on the head. We communicated in Q3, we communicated at NAREIT that we do believe that investment into our funds is something that we would pursue. We believe it's a great opportunity at the pricing levels we were seeing out there today.
Bill Sullivan: In terms of priorities we are focused on monetizing our land and the ability to do these build to suits and monetize land and improve geographic diversity of portfolio is certainly a high priority to us. So fortunately, we are in an environment where seems to be several different opportunities for us. Very high on the priority is monetizing land and we are going to do that through these build to suit developments. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with J.P Morgan. Your line is open.
Michael Mueller: The development pipeline yearend it looks like its above 64 picking up about a little over 64% lease. Can you talk about where you expect that to be at the end of 2010? And also I have you Bill, going back to the original AFFO question that started off the call, can you just lay out what you think the cap interest and G&A expense will be this year?
Walt Rakowich: I'm going, before we talk about the development pipeline, let me make one clarification. I think you're probably familiar with this. The pipeline is 64. We were tracking a static pipeline which we put out a press release earlier in the quarter, this quarter that said 68%. And just so everybody understands the difference. Remember, keep in mind that we are contributing assets into the European fund that were leased. 64% represents that which we still if you will own on our balance sheet 100% of the 68% was tracking our overall progress in terms of leasing that original pipeline a year ago. In any case looking at the 64%, may be Ted you can give us a sense on, you want to talk about where you think we could be?
Ted Antenucci: Yeah. Our expectation is somewhere between 80% and 90% leased. Last year we did extremely well in leasing up our pipeline. We leased approximately 16 million square feet. We've got about 19 million square feet to go to get that static pipeline to 100% occupancy. Typically you end right up at 100% but we certainly expect to end up in 95% over some period of time and we feel very comfortable with the 80% to 90% target and again we will continue to be focused on occupancy. Not only in this particular portfolio, the development portfolio but our overall portfolio as a company.
Walt Rakowich: Bill on the capitalized interest?
Bill Sullivan: Yeah. Then you have capitalized interest and capitalized G&A -- and again Jeff Banette [ph] just reminded, we apparently never disclosed exactly the capitalized G&A number. And so one of the things we will do in this 10-K we will disclose our capitalized G&A number and so wait for the 10-K on that. But in essence, we anticipate cap G&A to be roughly equal to last year's capitalized G&A. And on the cap interest front, we had about $94 million of capitalized G&A or capitalized interest last year. We probably expect about two-thirds of that to be capitalized this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Frankel with Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Steven Frankel: Thank you. Can you just comment briefly on how your relationships with fund partners are right now? Some colors on funds two and three and provide color behind the impairment of the Eaton Vance Funds?
Walt Rakowich: Let me start with the relationship and then I will turn it to Bill to talk about the impairments. We are talking to investors continuously about a variety of initiatives. There is no question that this has been an unprecedented time over the course of the last let's call it 12 to 24 months and investors not only with ProLogis but around the globe who invested in real estate have lost money. That's a fact. Where I think ProLogis shines and where we are getting tremendous credit from investors is that we are an operator. We have done a phenomenal job and we are getting recognized for that in terms how we managed these assets through this difficult period both in terms of occupancy and driving NOI. And quite frankly, in terms how we managed the debt maturities. We have, within the fund business in 2009 issued an extended over $2.225 billion worth of debt and repaid about 1.9 billion. So, on that side we have done a good job. I think we get very high marks. Again I think investors today are differentiating between strong operators which ProLogis is one. And between those who are just asset accumulators and today they indicated clearly to us they want to invest with us today and on a go-forward basis.
Bill Sullivan: Yeah. And then on the Eaton Vance Funds to get to the second prior part of your question back in our NAREIT presentation and other presentations, we talked about the various debt levels inside our funds and identified those Eaton Vance Funds as one of three funds that are in the grand scheme of things more highly levered than the others, with the other two of those being NA II and NA III and within the Eaton Vance, there are five funds. Our partner asked us to take portfolios of two of those funds out to market and once we did that we had to take a look at those and what our expectations were for sales et cetera and look more deeply at is there an impairment associated with those. And we took an impairment in Q4 because of that sales activity. Those funds, the debt doesn't come due for until 2012. The funds don't mature until 2014. We believe there are opportunities to create value in some of those over time. But because of that sales activity, we felt it most prudent to look at our own balance sheet and take an impairment on two of those five funds.
Steven Frankel: Only II and III?
Bill Sullivan: Only II and III, I reckon are more highly levered. They were both put in place at the top of the market back in summer of 2007. We have a great relationship in my opinion with those partners and Citi is our partner on NA II. We worked through some debt issues and resolutions on that with Citi late or early in the summer last year, invested more capital into NA II, extended the loan for seven years and so we think those assets are great assets. On the NA III its Lehman is our partner. We probably joked a lot about Lehman a year ago from the standpoint we couldn't get hold of anybody. Candidly, Lehman has been a great partner. Together, we both put in money into NA III, paid down the portion of the mezz loan that State Street Bank has and again those funds are cash flowing well with no real near term debt maturities and so we feel pretty good about NA III.
Walt Rakowich: Operator, we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Auerbach with ISI Group. Your line is open.
George Auerbach: Thanks. Good morning. On page A6 in the supplemental you show that the increment to NOI completed but not yet stabilized in the portfolio is around $50 million which hasn't changed dramatically since the $56 million figure from two quarters ago. I understand the timing difference is between leasing the portfolio up and recognizing cash flow. But why isn't this figure going down more dramatically, given some of leasing progress made in 2009? And second can you help us understand the timing for realizing that 50 million of cash.
Walt Rakowich: George. I am sorry, can you tell us, for whatever reason I can't hear you that well. What page are you referring to against?
George Auerbach: It's A6. Just the difference between the pro forma NOI and the stabilized portfolio and what is being recognized today. It just hasn't gone down that much over the last couple quarters. Just Wondering, why that is.
Walt Rakowich: Okay. I don't know if we need to get back to him and.
Bill Sullivan: Let me just ask you, George, are you netting the two numbers, on that on page A, are you netting the 25 against the 75?
George Auerbach: Yes.
Bill Sullivan: All right. That shouldn't happen. The 25 what that schedule is meant to do is show what is the adjusted NOI on our wholly owned direct portfolio including our development portfolio and then subtract out the NOI associated with that the vast majority of which is our development portfolio. And then look at the development portfolio of what we think the quarterly NOI is at stabilization. You take the 148, you back out of that the $25 that is in large part just associated with the development portfolio, to get to the core portfolio of about 123 in quarterly NOI. And then you would add back the 75 which is what we view as the stabilized potential from the development portfolio. Don't net the two. And if you have other questions, we will be happy to answer them directly. Give Melissa a call at the end of this and I will jump on the call as well.
Walt Rakowich: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael O'Dell [ph] with AIG Asset [ph]. Your line is open.
Michael O'Dell: Thanks for taking the call. Just a question, looking at your supplemental on page 6.2 and the adjustment for the borrowing limitations. Just wanted some color on exactly what the 1.58 billion related to our uncovered asset pool, how that is calculated to in terms of what exactly the banks are including as secured debt and in connection with that the appropriate pledged assets. Then on top of that, just as is it, as of looking at the refinancing of the facility to 2.25 billion in October, based on these numbers, you have a shortfall in your facility. Am I looking at that 1.8 billion improperly? Just some color on exactly what that 1.8 billion is, because at this point, people are focused on 2012 and 2013. If my calculations are appropriate based on this 1.8 billion adjustment plus your 800 million outstanding, you have a shortfall on your credit facility.
Bill Sullivan: That is a mouthful.
Walt Rakowich: Unfortunately, Michael, I don't think we have the time to answer all that but Bill.
Bill Sullivan: Let me touch on it and then we can follow up with you directly if need be. Look, in the big picture, we have a borrowing base limitation that was put in place in the global line of credit. In my opinion, the borrowing base limitation is probably too stringent. We have contacted all of our banks and basically said we will revisit that in short order. And I intend to revisit that deeply in the next 60 days or so. What it does is it provides a limitation on the amount you can draw on the line. And it's complicated to walk through but we can do that. So our current capacity on the line is $1.1 billion as of the end of the year. And I think that addresses that again. Walking through the borrowing base, we have to spend a lot more time. There was so much more to the questions.
Walt Rakowich: I think we will have to get back on the details. At this point in time, we need to wrap up the call. We would like to thank everybody for being on and look forward to talking to you next quarter. Operator?
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's ProLogis fourth quarter 2009 year end financial results conference call. This conference call will be available for replay beginning today at 1 PM Eastern Standard Time through eleven fifty-nine PM Eastern Standard Time on Thursday, February 25, 2010. To access this replay, you may dial 1-800-642-1687 domestically or area 706-645-9291 internationally. The replay passcode is 49471953. Again, that replay passcode is 49471953. Thank you. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-22 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, my name is Whitney and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the ProLogis Third Quarter 2009 Financial Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. All lines are currently in on a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. (Operator Instructions). At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Melissa Marsden, Managing Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications with ProLogis. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Melissa Marsden: Thank you, Whitney. Good morning everyone and welcome to our third quarter 2009 conference call. By now you should all have received an e-mail with the link to our supplemental, but if not the documents are available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning, we will first hear from Walt Rakowich, CEO, to comment on progress relative to current initiatives and the overall environment, and then Bill Sullivan, CFO, will cover results, guidance and refinancing activity. Additionally, we are joined today by Ted Antenucci, President and Chief Investment Officer; Chuck Sullivan, Head of Global Operations; and Gary Anderson, Head of Global Investment Management. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I would like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under Federal Securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about the market and the industry in which ProLogis operates as well as management's beliefs and expectations. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our SEC filings. I would also like to add that our third quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures, and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided reconciliation to those measures. And as we've done in the past, to give a broader range of investors and analysts an opportunity to ask their questions, we will ask you to please limit your questions to one at a time. Walt, would you please begin?
Walt Rakowich: Today, I'm going to cover some of the trends and opportunities that we're seeing in the industrial market. But first, I would like to take a moment to reflect on the actions that weve taken to stabilize the company and position ourselves for future growth. It's been about a year since we presented our plan to investors in New York. What a difference a year makes. Looking back over the last 12 months, we acted quickly and decisively through a series of sequential steps, each of which enhance the execution of the next. In the aggregate, we completed more than $3.8 billion of asset sales and contributions. We raised almost $1.5 billion of equity, tapped the unsecured and secured debt markets to refinance debt, and bought back over $1.4 billion of bonds at a $320 million discount. With these actions, we reduced direct debt by more than $3 billion, and substantially funded the remainder of our development portfolio. At the same time, we refinanced and extended over $2.2 billion of fund-related debt, cut G&A by over one-third, and brought our development portfolio leasing to nearly 62%. During the quarter, we completed two of the remaining major items on our list. We successfully amended and extended our global line of credit and completed our bond holder consent solicitation. The list goes on and I won't [deliver] the point any further. Those of you who have been following us understand what was at stake, and what it took to get done. ProLogis associates around the globe have worked diligently through arguably the most difficult conditions on record, to improve our financial condition and maintain high levels of leasing, and I'm incredibly proud of what we, as a team have accomplished. Now, its time to move forward. Looking ahead, we see a global market thats beginning to show signs of stability. Perhaps growth and expansion will come sooner than we thought. We'll see. However, we will remain highly focused on three things, continued lease-up of our development portfolio and monetization of our land bank, further staggering and extending our debt maturities and addressing property fund issues as appropriate. Bill will have more on the last two of these priorities shortly; so, let me address market conditions and development opportunities. Globally, industrial demand is still soft, but we are seeing signs of increased customer activity. We recently polled our top customers and not surprisingly, about two-thirds of those who we spoke with, expect a more positive outlook on their business by some time in 2010, although many of them felt that it may not occur until later in the year. Importantly, several of them mentioned supply chain reconfiguration, which sometimes means expansion and sometimes simply a search of greater efficiencies. Either way, it's good for us because there is likely to be movement in the higher-quality, well-located and in many cases, newly-built facilities and thats our business. Market indicators are also looking better. Occupancy declines are slowing globally, and activity levels appear to be picking up. In fact, ProLogis's core occupancies trended up by 20 basis points in Q3, as our overall leasing activity was up 13% from the second quarter. Net absorption was barely negative throughout North America in Q3 and is actually positive in most continental European markets, and we continue to see virtually no new development starts in planning. We're also seeing signs of declining cap rates. Yields have declined by 75 basis points in the UK, with anecdotal evidence of them declining in other 50 basis points on deals not yet closed. Weve also seen a recent 50 to 100 basis points decline in cap rates on our assets dispositions in the US. There is capital on the side lines and were seeing evidence of this in the number of solicited offers and unsolicited increase were now receiving. I never thought I would say this in 2009, but it seems like there are more buyers then sellers in the market right now. Market rents are still of course lower than a year ago, and we expect this to remain the case for the foreseeable future. Our rents on lease is turning, we're down 14.7% in Q3, versus down 12.6% in the second quarter. However, we believe this situation will reverse itself, when market occupancies trend upward, and as weve mentioned in our second quarter call, rental rates today make no sense relative to replacement cost, values and will certainly need to rise substantially to justify new developments spurred by any growth in the global economy. Remember, most markets did not get substantially overbuilt in this downturn and there is no new supply on the Horizon. As a result, we're clearly seeing an increase in request for build-to-suit proposals. Last quarter, we discussed our modified structure for future development that requires less of our capital and helps us to generate returns from currently unproductive land. On that call, we mentioned two transactions we had signed, and during the quarter we announced two more. One is a 616,000 square foot facility in Osaka for a major Japanese distribution company and repeat customer, and we're developing this facility within a joint venture on a five-acre parcel land that we contributed. We'll continue to own and manage the property, receiving asset and property management fees, and our portion of rental income. In addition, we have a repurchase option within three years of completion, and have retained the flexibility to transfer the property into any new fund that we make for them in the future. We also announced a 503,000 square foot distribution facility for a leading UK retailer who currently occupies more than 300,000 square feet with us in the West Midlands. We'll construct the facility on a 32 acre parcel of our land, subject to planning consent and we have an agreement to sell the facility upon construction and completion to a Canadian life insurance company. Through the land sales and the prelease developments that we have begun so far this year, we have monetized or we will monetize over $120 million of land year-to-date. At the same time, we remain highly focused on reducing the unleased portion of our completed developments. During the quarter, we increased the lease percentage in our static 12/31/2008 development portfolio to 61.7%, up substantially from 54.1% in the second quarter and 41.4% at the beginning of the year. As a result, weve already reached the low-end of our 60% to 70% year-end goal for leasing in this portfolio. This quarter, we also announced that we formed a global renewable energy group to procure new business and manage installations for renewable energy projects around the globe for us, our fund partners, and our customers. In addition, we announced the 4.8 megawatt solar project to be installed on eight rooftops at ProLogis parks in Barcelona and Madrid. Upon completion of this project, we'll have more than 11 megawatts of solar installations on roughly 2% of our roof space in the US, Japan, France, Germany and Spain. This is an opportunity to leverage off our existing assets to do something good for the environment, and create long-term value for our shareholders. In summary, our work to stabilize the company is the substantially complete, and we have shifted our focus to positioning for long-term growth. And while we anticipate there will be pressure on rents for the foreseeable future, we're cautiously optimistic about market fundamentals overall and the opportunities we see to convert non-income producing assets into cash flow for our shareholders. And now let me turn it over to Bill.
Bill Sullivan: I would like to cover three topics today. First is Q3 results and guidance for the remainder of the year. Second, recent initiatives and the third is progress on financing activities related to our property funds. We generated FFO excluding significant non-cash items of $0.21 per share in Q3. The significant non-cash items totaled $29.3 million or $0.07 per share, and consisted of roughly $17 million to the upside from gains on early repayment of debt and $46 million to the downside from impairments of properties. Additionally, we incurred $11.6 million or $0.03 per share in non-recurring charges associated with the write-down of certain corporate assets, as well as costs associated with the company's G&A reduction program. Unfortunately, the noise associated with gain on early extinguishment of debt, impairments and changing share counts will continue throughout the year making it challenging to present core results. However, let me give it a try. On a year-to-date basis, we have generated $405 million of FFO excluding significant non-cash items. The non-recurring charges incurred through September totaled $56 million, resulting in core FFO for the first nine months of approximately $461 million. Based on our expected weighted average share count for 2009 of 409 million shares, this represents $1.14 per share relative to our earlier full-year 2009 guidance of $1.31 to $1.48 per share, which we now have narrowed to $1.39 to $1.43 per share. In terms of future guidance, there are a few items to note. First is the successful execution of our at-the-market equity offering program, through which we generated $325 million of net proceeds during the third quarter at an average price of $11.15 per share. In total, we issued 29.8 million shares, bringing our outstanding shares to approximately 473 million at September 30. The issuance increased our expected full-year weighted average shares outstanding for 2009 to approximately 405 million from the previous guidance of 398 million shares. The second point relative to guidance, relates to our targeted property sales and contributions of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion, of which approximately $1.2 billion has been completed so far. We continue on track to achieve this guidance, based on planned fourth quarter contributions to PEP II, [NACE] as well as remaining asset sales. Third, we will incur additional one-time charges in Q4 related to our restructuring activities, inclusive of fees and other expenses associated with our recent Bond Consent Solicitation process. Additionally, we will be planning for 2010 and monitoring the markets to determine if additional impairments are warranted or required. Finally, relative to 2010, as noted in our press release, we're not yet ready to provide guidance. We appear to be nearing an inflection point in many markets, and at this point want to monitor activity levels to be more confident in the direction things are heading before committing to specific targets. We will provide detailed 2010 guidance in January. Turning to recent initiatives, we have very nearly reached the culmination of the plan, we laid out last November. In August, we amended our global senior credit facility and obtained $2.25 billion of extended commitment through August 2012. Also in August, we issued $350 million in unsecured bonds. In September, we launched a bond consent solicitation which closed on October 1st. As a result of this effort, we obtained the consents necessary to amend the covenants under previous indentures to make them consistent with that of the August 2009 bond offering. One of our stated objectives has been to simplify and improve our financial flexibility and transparency, and this consent is a further step in that direction. Additionally, throughout August and September, we raised the $325 million of equity, which I discussed briefly before. Importantly during the period that we issued shares under this program, PLD stock price was up 40.4%, versus a range of 12.5% to 51.2% for our peer group. We believe this was a prudent use of the program to bolster our balance sheet and provide liquidity that will allow us to take advantage of some of the opportunities that are emerging from our renewed bill-to-suit activities, as well as within our funded business. As I think about what has been accomplished in the last year, a fair number of our activities and transaction executions were interdependent and occurred in a targeted linear fashion. We wouldn't have been as successful in raising equity, if we hadn't first significantly reduced debt through the Asia sale. We would had a harder time extending the line of credit if we had not demonstrated that we could raise equity and complete the large portion of the targeted asset sales and contributions. All of which led to our credit spread's tightening, and providing access to the unsecured debt market, which then provided us the framework with which to pursue the bond consent solicitation. So, while the last 12 months have been a long and winding road, we're glad to report we have nearly come to the end of our stabilization endeavors. However, we still have work to do and we'll continue to focus on leveling out and extending debt maturities. We have reduced our overall balance sheet debt by over $3 billion, since September of 2008, focusing principally on debt maturities in 2009, 2010 and 2011. As for direct debt, due in 2012 and 2013, we plan to continue to access the capital markets opportunistically and our target is to fully address these maturities by mid-year 2011. Finally, let me discuss our activities and progress, relative to debt maturities inside our funds. At this point, 2009 has been fully addressed, and we are focused on the 2010 fund debt maturities of nearly $2.5 billion down from $3.1 billion at June 30. As I did last quarter, I will address the remaining 2010 maturities in three buckets. In bucket number one, at September 30, we had approximately $576 million of debt in five separate US funds that mature in 2010. We have already closed on a $56 million refinancing inside PCAP. We intend to call capital from the [NACE] investors in Q4 to fully pay off the $184 million outstanding under the revolver. We're in active discussions on each of the loans representing the remaining $336 million of 2010 maturities. One or more of these may require a modest incremental investment from both us and our fund partners. But at this point, we do not anticipate this to be a material amount. In bucket number two, we have approximately 557 million outstanding under our PEP II bank line, which matures in May 2010. We completed four separate financings during the quarter, totaling 288 million, and currently we have four financing packages in various stages, totaling 323 million, all of which we're hopeful of closing by year-end 2009. We have additional refinancing packages in earlier stages, totaling nearly 156 million, which more than likely will not close until Q1, 2010. Given the financing activity either closed or underway; we intend to pay off the bank line by its original maturity date through our refinancing program or through drawing down on the remaining unfunded equity commitments in PEP II. Finally, in bucket number three, we have approximately 750 million of debt in PEPR that matures in 2010, down from approximately $1.05 billion at June 30th. The $750 million outstanding at September 30th comprises approximately 450 million of CMBS debt that matures in May 2010, and 300 million under the PEPR bank line that matures in December 2010. We entered Q4 with 50 million cash on hand. We closed on a 48 million financing in early October, and we have six financing packages active in various stages, totaling approximately 630 million. The majority, if not all of which, are currently targeted for 2009 closings. Since the beginning of 2008, we have completed over 40 financing transactions within our funds, totaling over $6 billion, including 15 financing transactions this year, totaling more than $1.8 billion. As I have said many times in the past, we have great treasury and asset services groups which do this for a living. We will continue to finance and refinance well north of $1 billion on an annual basis due to the nature of the funds; and at this point, we have proven our ability to do so both in good times and bad. In closing, we have accomplished an incredible amount from a debt reduction, refinancing and liquidity standpoint in the last year. We do not intend to slow down, particularly in light of the opportunities that we see ahead. Now, let me turn it back to Walt to wrap up.
Walt Rakowich: Before we open it up for questions, let me just leave you with three final points. First, we're immensely pleased that weve completed the actions that we identified to stabilize the company and, really, a little less than a year; and we were highly motivated to act quickly, and I think that we did. Second, we are not done. As we shift our emphasis from the stabilization stage, we are keenly aware that market conditions are likely to remain challenging for the foreseeable future, and we will remain highly focused on maintaining strong occupancies and identifying opportunities to monetize our land. Third, we believe the actions we are taking today are positioning us to take advantage of opportunities tomorrow when the time's right. We know that we have to be focused on earnings and cash flow growth and we certainly have and will be, but make no mistake about it, our long-term focus will be growth in NAV and we will stay focused on this objective, even if it means sacrificing short-term earnings to accomplish it. Operator, we're prepared to open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Steve Sakwa with ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa: Bill, can you just maybe talk about your targeted leverage ratio. Youve obviously done a lot, but as you think about the possibility of continuing the issue equity, how should we think about where you want the balance sheet to be versus where it is today?
Bill Sullivan: Steve, let me sort of reiterate some of what weve talked about in the past, which is at this point and we have been for a while focused. I think we want to get back to that BBB plus rating, and right now we got the split rating at effectively BBB flat and BBB minus, and so from that, we want to bring down get debt to a reasonable level. It is there today from a book basis, but there is disconnect today between book and NAV. So I think that there are opportunities and we're seeing it already in terms of stabilizing, if not declining cap rates that will improve our NAV and bring it closer to book. So in the sort of the near-term being in the next 18 months or so, I would love to see that debt ratio get down into the low to mid 50s versus what is perceived on a NAV basis today to be 60% plus. As importantly, we want to focus on monetizing the land and leasing up the pipeline, because the other key measure is our interest coverage ratios, which we want to get well-north of two times and get back to that BBB plus rating.
Walt Rakowich: Steve, this is Walt. Im going to just add a little bit more teeth to what Bill was saying. Our stated objective really has been to bring down the debt, but I think we want to do it over time and do it in a rationale way at this point in time, and we kind of see doing it through a number of different things. Obviously, we did do the CEO program this quarter, but, I think longer-term, really, we're focused on asset sales. We'll be focused on increasing the value of our land from an NAV perspective, in terms of the way the market thinks about it in their mind. Well be focused on increasing value of our non-income producing assets, meaning primarily our development through leasing, and frankly what we're beginning to see is a settle out, as Bill said, a more reasonable valuations to our assets just with some cap rate declines and I think youre going to see some rental increases overtime. So, I do think in a rationale way, long-term, we will get there by blocking and tackling and doing the right things from an operational perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sloan Bohlen with Goldman Sachs.
Sloan Bohlen: Maybe a question for Ted; just on the leasing and the development pipeline; it still looks like you're well ahead of schedule for the 2010 stabilization. Could you give us just a little bit of color on the rates that you're seeing and whether you still kind of in that targeted 7% to 8% yield range. Also, if you could touch on lease term as well, thanks
Ted Antenucci: Yes, I think we're still in that 7% to 8% target range. We're a little surprised and pleased with the amount of activity there is in the market in general. It's certainly not robust, but it's better than we had expected. We feel like we're getting more than our market share, based on being aggressive and having good quality product and having good customer relations. Lease terms, we're trying to keep to five years or less, thats not always the case, but we view this downturn in rent as something relatively short-term, and we don't want to commit to longer-term leases right now. I think I hit all the points.
Walt Rakowich: I would also add, Sloan there, I think we clearly are still leasing the development pipeline at less than what we preformed a year ago, given what market rents are today, but instead said if you can keep it somewhat short-term and I think our average lease term right now is in the neighborhood of 39 to 40 months, the situation will reverse itself. We're pretty confident that will happen and ultimately will be able to capture that upside over time.
Ted Antenucci: Let me add to that. We have stated and will continue to be aggressive in getting our occupancy levels up. It is interesting to note in the top 31 markets that weve been tracking this quarter almost one-third of them have had an increase in occupancy, with no new supply coming online is giving us some level of comfort and stabilizing of the occupancy, and as we see, occupancy levels increase, we will certainly push [around], we're not at that point yet, but we do see that out there on the horizon and we didn't last quarter. So, I think there has been definitely a positive turn over the last three months.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Macquarie.
Ki Bin Kim: In regards to the 15% roll down this quarter, if you could break that down between lease renewals and new leases, and if you have any expectations going forward?
Ted Antenucci: Ki Bin, this is Ted I will answer at least part of the question and then Chuck can get the balance. We looked at the roll down and there were 436 transactions that took place, and interestingly enough, if you take three of those transactions out of the equation, two of which were short-term deals, one was two months, one was six months, the negative rent growth went from 14.69 to 12.19, which was commensurate with last quarter. So, it's interesting that one or two short-term deals generally impacting a number of debts. The one other deal that was in there that was in short-term was in Dallas, is relatively large building its a very aggressive market in Dallas right now for a large space and we met the market on that. Overall, you know, when you pull those three out, I think we feel like there is a level of stabilization and the downward pressure on rents also, and really, with those three out of there it [compares] last quarter and this quarter pretty much on top of each other in terms of negative rent growth.
Chuck Sullivan: And Ki Bin, the second part of your question was with regard to renewals, and specifically if you just look at renewals versus new transactions you're looking at somewhat above say a half of that in terms of negative rent roll down. So for example, if you're looking at a 12% or 13% negative rent growth on the aggregate portfolio, the percentage of renewals might be, say, 5% to 7% to 6% negative rent growth on renewal transactions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Bilerman with Citi.
Michael Bilerman: Bill, I am wondering if you could spend time just talking about your capital contributions into the funds. Last quarter you obviously had the (inaudible) in terms of the restructuring and putting in $85 million of cash. You also when youve been contributing some assets, been taking back equity interests, but effectively having some cash contributions. I think in some of your prepared commentary, you talked about a little bit of a debt coming due and maybe having to put some new equity in. So I'm just wondering if you step back from it, how much of that do you think is going to occur going forward in terms of both your assets that you're contemplating, selling for the rest of the year. In terms of the funds really how much cash are you taking back or are you just taking back equity and then how much more capital do you think youre going to need to inject into the funds when the debt comes due.
Bill Sullivan: Michael let me try to touch on just a couple of those that we sort of highlighted today. If you think about what we talked about in my remarks, we're planning on calling capital in NAFE and we have a 20% ownership in NAFE. So, if we call it $186 million or $180 million of capital, thats about $36 million from our perspective and we're prepared to do. Inside PEP II, we talked about to the extent that one or more of financing transactions that we got underway were to fall out of bed or get delayed, that we would be prepared to call capital for that. Id put that sort of at the outside, maybe 50 million to 100 million of capital in total and again, we would probably contribute 20% of that. But having said that, let me tell you, we have a lot of activity going in Europe and so, I view that as sort of the last resort from that perspective, and so I'm highlighting it but not, but hopefully not expecting them. Inside PEPR, weve talked about and PEPR had their conference call earlier today, weve talked about a variety of initiatives we have going in PEPR, one of which will be to raise some equity, we hope, inside PEPR in a rights offering of sorts. We're targeting a couple of different things, we have to sit down with the Board of PEPR later next week and talk through all the various alternatives, but I could see us committing, anywhere from - we would be willing to underwrite, the first tranche of an offering, which would be about 60 million, but we would intend to offer that on a very positive basis which we think would be an attractive instrument. So again our piece of that maybe 25%, so call it 15 million, but we would gladly be prepared to underwrite the whole thing. So, its pieces here and there, but I would say you're probably looking at something on the order of $100 million to $200 million all in, and we have substantial liquidity inside the company today and candidly these are opportunities and we view them as opportunities, to de-lever and to increase NAV is part of the reason we raised the equity that we did.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Feldman with Bank of America.
Jamie Feldman: Walt I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit more on your discussions with your tenants, just in terms of, facing businesses improving in 2010, if they were to do more supply-chain redesign, kind of what the timing would be just in terms of what year, and then also, what markets. I mean do you think when we come out of this cycle well see a different footprint for our supply-chain globally?
Walt Rakowich: I will start and then Ill probably turn it little bit over to Chuck on this, Jamie. I think that I would say, if you had to characterize the discussions that we had in general, I would say that they were cautiously optimistic. But I say cautiously because, none of us know at this point in time if this is going to be a head fake, candidly. I think it's moving in the right direction, we certainly feel good about occupancies, weve seen two quarters of either stabilization or increased for us and the market occupancies [declines] have slowed down. So it maybe a head fake, I don't think so but it maybe, and so thats why our customers are looking at it as cautiously optimistic. When we talked to a majority of them, they're saying, hey, expansion, 2010 maybe late, but 2010, and that means expansion in their business, it may or may not translate into translation in their distribution needs, but thats a kind of a precursor, we think. So thats good news, but the interesting thing was like you said, the amount of reconfiguration discussion there was. You know its really interesting, you see that in good times and bad times, but you see an acceleration in bad times typically, because people arent looking to save costs. One of the first things they look at is their logistics system and how they can save on transportation costs mainly, and that discussion really, really is good for us because when you own, if you will Class A buildings, almost negatively this reconfiguration either means new development or it means a movement into a building that is state-of-the-art, Class A and can be more efficient and typically is well located relative to what they have. So that all really good for us. What market? I don't know. I would say our focus really has been on markets with very, very strong and large GDP, and where we think GDP will grow, and I think that bodes well for the very, very large markets where its huge population and ultimately people need to serve that population. That said let me turn it over to Chuck, and Chuck you want to have some comments as well?
Chuck Sullivan: Yes, Jamie, I will add a little color to that. With regard to how they're actually approaching their supply chain, they're still looking at kind of a last mile, if you will, which has historically been the most the most traditional high-cost part of their supply chain. So with regard to how they're reconfiguring that, our customers are telling us that they want to get closer to their end customer. Back to Walt's comment regarding large population centers and GDP, that doesn't necessarily change their overall supply chain, but it might reconfigure it within those large population centers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Biffert with Oppenheimer.
Mark Biffert: Walt, I was wondering if you could expand upon your comments on the cap rate compression you're seeing. Obviously, some of thats probably related to the debt spreads coming in. I am just wondering in terms of the contributions that you are making to the funds, how has that impacted the pricing on those, and given the incremental spread that you put on top of that when you submitted, does that entail that you might have some gains next year once that marks the market in the fourth quarter?
Walt Rakowich: Thats a great question Mark and let me kind of kick that off and Im going to ask Ted also comment. It's really interesting. I would say that if we would had this conference call 45 days ago and maybe even as much as only 30 days ago, I am not sure that we would have had seen as much cap rate compression. We certainly would have set some, but I would not have made the comment 50 to a 100 basis points in the US. So, this is moving very rapidly, okay? And there are situations that we're seeing literally as much as, 50 in one case, a 100 confidentiality agreements that we literally had signed on a project that we put out to bid, okay? So, when you have that many copies signed, you're going to get better pricing. So, I don't think we would had that many copies signed six months, excuse me, two months ago or even three months ago. So it's moving rapidly, and that said the appraisals on our contributions into our funds are lagging. They just are and unfortunately they lag fortunate, maybe for us, they lagged while cap rates were compressing and unfortunate for us that they're lagging as cap rates are not compressing again. So, the point is that I don't think weve seen that pricing yet manifests itself into our contributions. Having said that let me turn it over to Ted, and maybe Ted can give a little bit more color.
Ted Antenucci: Mark; I think, Walt may have used same words, we're fascinated by whats going on with the movement in cap rates over a very short period of time, or what appears to be. We're seeing buyers on some of the projects that we're trying to sell, there are private REITs, we have actually seen some public REITs activity, we're seeing pension fund activity. It's kind of across the board. Walt was referring to a project, and I will be a little bit more specific, it's a retail project that was a Catellus project that we are trying to sell, that we put on the market back in September, October of last year, about a year ago, and by the time it got to a point where we were able to get offers, we got none. In February, there was literally no one interested in buying it brand-new, fully-leased project in a great location. We were told to get any interest we needed to be at 11 cap rate or greater and we chose not to pursue it. We're now in a situation where we got 100 confidentiality agreements signed; today actually they were getting offers. We know of 13 offers we're getting at cap rates substantially below 11, actually below 9. So, it's really moved very quickly. In Europe, where we are contributing properties, we do feel that the look back that will occur in 2000, at the end of 2010, will create some level of proceeds for us. It's hard to quantify the discount that weve given the fund that we feel it's been fair and appropriate. But it looks like cap rates are coming back to a point where if we were to re-evaluate it, what we would assume values would be at the end of the year or certainly at the end of 2010, there will be some level of catch up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Nussbaum with UBS.
Ross Nussbaum: Bill, can you talk a little bit about; A, what was the FX impact on third quarter earnings, given the weak dollar? Then number two; with respect to the development pipeline, am I right in looking at, there was 12.5 million of gains on developments included in FFO and did that relate to the 174 million of properties that were contributed into the funds, and what do you expect going forward given all the cap rate commentary I have just heard. If you're building to seven to eight, is there a chance that we're going to see continued gains on contributions in FFO?
Bill Sullivan: Well, let me address the second part first, which is the gains of the $12 million came in four or five or six different buckets, and so some of it was from land that we sold in Q3 and, again, maybe surprising to people but we are marketing a host of properties and including land, and believe it or not, we do have land that has gains associated with it, and so, you know, probably 25% of it was sort of land associated. There was a small gain on the contribution but that was coming off of sort of written-down values on the European contribution, and then there was a gain associated with our NA2 fund, and the reconciliation of the investment we made earlier in the quarter as well. So it was a smattering of things in the gain category. I think we'll have, some modest gains from time to time in the foreseeable future, based upon contribution and/or land sale activities, but we may also see some impairment on that. So, it's sort of too soon to tell on that aspect. As it relates to the FX, I don't think the FX had a particularly big impact on the Q3 results, largely because the FFO from Europe is to a large extent shielded from the debt that we borrow in Euros, and the same is true in the Japanese Yen. Now, given the world equation at this point, we may take a different tact on that in the future. We see a softening US dollar, and some of the discussion and debate that we have going on internally is preparing for what we believe may be a soft US dollar for the foreseeable future, in which case we may choose to undo some of the natural hedge that we have on the Euro and/or the Yen.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Chris Kanten] with Morgan Stanley.
Chris Kanten: Calling regarding the property management; I notice that picked up quite a bit, I think about $14 million. Wondering whats driving that, if you expect it to be sustainable and how it might trend going forward?
Bill Sullivan: Well, embedded in the $0.21 a share was a decent-sized chunk in the fee associated with this conclusion of the asset management and property management agreement for the Japan funds, but that was also offset by substantial non-recurring charges as well. So, I would look at it as sort of on the upside on the non-recurring charges and about I think 12 million or 13 million of non-recurring quarterly property management asset management fees. But that was the result of the ultimate cancellation of the Japan fund.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brendan Maiorana with Wells Fargo.
Brendan Maiorana: Question on the land bank and the development pipeline. Walt and Bill, you both mentioned that land realizing increased value from your land is one of the keys to getting your leverage metrics in line with your longer-term targets. Relative to the 7% to 8% yield that you're currently getting on your development pipeline, I have to assume that if you're putting that land into motion, you're expecting to get a yield thats significantly above that level. Can you give us a sense of where youd be comfortable putting land into motion from a return expectation, and once the markets return to normal, how much do you think in development starts that you can do on a normalized basis annually?
Walt Rakowich: Thats a loaded question. Let me throw out, Brendan some anecdotal information which I don't want you to take and apply it to the entire $2.7 billion of land, but the interesting thing is that we did announce four build-to-suits in the last quarter effectively. Two were in Japan and two were in Europe. We are working on some others right now, but the interesting thing is that the land that weve put into those deals, generally, and then I'll talk non-Japan. Let's talk about [Europe], generally the yields on the full basis of land were somewhere in the 8.25% to 8.50% range. We were able to take the buildings and either contribution them into the -- or I should say have that pre-commitment at our cost with the European fund or in the case of the other building, we were actually selling it to a Canadian life insurance company and basically at our basis and included in our basis is a development fee. Okay. Now the two developments that we're doing in Japan were also putting our land in at development costs, excuse me, at full value, and we're getting a very, very high return on that expected capital in a joint venture type format, where there is roughly 50% leverage and we're getting a 10 plus percent return on our equity, [pair] pursue with our partners plus some fees. So we feel good about the yields that weve done. Having said that can we assume that we can put the entire $2.7 billion into developments? I mean if we were to do it all today, I would say that some of that land is clearly going to be impaired and some of it is not. It just depends, and so I think a more reasonable expectation overtime, unless we see value increases would be that perhaps we would get a 4% to 5% return on that $2.7 billion of land at today's value and if value is increasing hopefully we can get a higher yield overtime and thats not going to happen in one year thats going to happen over the course of next call it two to three years or so. So as it relates -- the properties that are under  that were already developed and completed, you're right for the most part, we're getting, call it a 7% type yield, potentially a little bit more, potentially a little bit less depending on the exact building. Ted, you want to add to that?
Ted Antenucci: Yeah, Brendan, the 7% to 8% yields are using our land at book for the most part. The market today isnt in seven to eight. If someone were to build a new building it would be, in most markets, everywhere pretty much outside of Japan, its likely in the nine to 10 range if someone isnt compelled because they own the land. Because we own some of this land we're compelled to monetize it and therefore it would be more, may be more aggressive, but I think that today new development deal is probably more like nine to 10, not seven to eight. In terms of the size of what we can do from a development standpoint, I think we feel, and theres balance sheet related issues, theres a lot of things that we're looking at, and its amazing to me that we are looking at how much development can we do in the markets both from our own standpoint and what market demand will be, but we think it's somewhere between $500 million a $1billion. It's kind of a reasonable number for us to be looking at on a go-forward basis and that, I think, we would feel like could be the next 12 to 24-month timeframe and beyond that, who knows.
Walt Rakowich: Right and I would just add to that. I think weve said in the past, we have focused a lot of time and attention on reducing our G&A, but we believe from an infrastructure standpoint, we left ourselves with the infrastructure ability to probably have a $1 billion to $1.5 billion of development starts on an annual basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Fick with Stifel Nicolaus.
David Fick: Just following up on that last question, youve commented a lot on the things firming both from a cap rate and a space demand perspective, but PPR just put out a piece that looked at a major market vacancies having spiked on large properties, over 1.5 million square feet to above 19% from below 8% just a few years ago. I am wondering what your forward view is given the context of many years of supply and almost all the major US markets already on the ground. Do you really expect to see cap rates stay where they are or won't there be a lot of assets coming to the market due to distressed sellers with close to 20% vacancy out there, number one, and number two, don't you expect to see a commensurate pressure on rents from here given that we're still seeing increases in vacancy.
Ted Antenucci: Well, David, this is Ted. Our statistics dont show a 20% vacancy there, in fact its substantially less than that I think we're looking overall market and you're looking at I guess buildings over a certain size range. The majority of which are certainly divisible, and so I dont know that I would necessarily focus on a certain subset. I do think there are subsets of assets, and I actually referenced to one earlier. Dallas right now, bigger buildings its a very challenging market, but thats not necessarily across the board, and the amount of activity that we have on our land is surprising to all of us. We're in enough markets that there are pockets of opportunity, and we're being approached by customers to help meet their demand in those markets, with those pockets of opportunity. It's not robust but it's out there. In terms of rents continuing to decline, we're seeing at this point a decline, occupancies seem to be kind of stabilizing and flat, rents have come down quite a bit. I think there will be isolated situations where people get very competitive on rents, but there is no new supply coming on the market. I think that gives us a lot of comfort that there is a bottom to this rental decline, and that we feel like we're getting close to that. Again, in terms of values and cap rates and distressed sellers, we're just not seeing the distressed sellers in industrial at this point in time. There are a few properties that we're aware of that are vacant, non-income producing in challenging submarkets that you can buy below reconstruction costs and substantially below. But they are very few and far between. The majority of the income-producing assets that are on the market have a lot of activity on and there really hasn't been a buyer in the market in the last year and we're now hearing about with the stock market coming back up, people's allocations towards real estate. They're under allocated to real estate. We're seeing a substantial number of buyers and not a lot of sellers, and it's surprising to us and we're holding our breath a little bit, but right now, the imbalance is there are more buyers out there than there are sellers for properties that have income. Lastly, what we see people doing in their underwriting is taking whatever the face rate rent is on the deal and assuming that there might be a dip in rents from now until five years from now when the lease matures, but effectively performing that when that lease matures, rates are going to be flat or up. So what you're seeing is if people are putting cap rates on in place of rent, even if they are above current market, in anticipation that by the time that lease rolls, that will be market or market will be greater than that due to the fact that there is no new supply. So, we're just not seeing huge distress in leased assets.
Walt Rakowich: And David, I think you raised a really good question, too, and I would like to answer it too by saying this. Right now we believe and we're tracking the bulk industrial markets. I don't remember if PR breaks it out. We think in the 30 markets that we are in the vacancy is roughly 10.3%. Okay. So lets say it's 89.7% occupied, we think frictional vacancy is somewhere in the neighborhood of 92 to 93. The high watermark over 25-year period of time in this market for all the 30 markets we think is somewhere in the neighborhood of 92.5. So, let's call for every percent theres about 6 billion square feet, for every percent you're talking about, 60 million square feet, okay? There is no new supply and I don't think there will be much new supply next year. We think the third quarter in the bulk space only, the third quarter there was about negative 3 million square feet, not much, in terms of absorption, and thats reversing itself very quickly. In the height of the market, 2006, 2007, the market was absorbing a 150 million square feet, i.e. 2.5% to 3% per year, but there was also development of 2.5% to 3%, call it 2% to 3% per year to make up for that. So, literally, if you got back to a situation where you were, you absorbed 50 million or 60 million square feet, you could suck up that vacant space in a very, very quick period of time without much supply, and you wouldn't have to get to a frictional number of 92.5. You get to 91, 91.5, 92, you begin to see rents really moving up at that point. Thats why, I do think this thing can reserve itself; and as Ted said, be careful on the 500,000 and up because the fact of the matter is probably 80% to 90% of those buildings can be divided and they will. We could [stretch] on one more question, operator.
Operator: Okay. Your last question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller: Bill, I know you said you were going to talk about the drivers of 2010 on the next call, but can you give us some sort of sense when we look at the dispositions, the contributions this year, ex China and Japan, it was somewhere in the vicinity of a $1.5 billion. At this point, it seems like it should be lower going forward, given what youve done so far in the equity side and the debt side and just any comments on that?
Bill Sullivan: Well, again, I think, Michael, we are in the planning stage on 2010, we are looking at the spectrum of things that we want to accomplish in 2010. Candidly we haven't finalized our thought process on how much we will contribute to the funds. We'll still have as we go into 2010, a fair amount of undrawn capacity in PEP II somewhere north of 600 million, probably, as well as a couple 100 million in the Mexico fund, et cetera, and were going to be working on new funds. So, I think we will have a fair amount of capital to either pursue contributions or acquisitions inside the funds. in terms of asset sales, one of the things that we'll focus on and weve talked about in the past is we want a larger, wholly-owned portfolio in both Europe and Japan relative to what has largely been a US portfolio to this point. So to the extent that we see acquisition opportunities or build-to-suit opportunities or other investment opportunities, you may find us selling some of the US assets and redeploying that capital into those opportunities. Beyond, that I don't want to avoid the question, and I'm not trying to avoid the question, it's just that is all very fluid right now and we're going to take advantage of opportunities as we see them come to the forum.
Walt Rakowich: Okay, thank you, everybody. And we certainly look forward to seeing most of you on the call in one way, shape or form at (inaudible) and we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's ProLogis third quarter 2009 financial results conference call. This conference will be available for replay beginning at 1:00 pm Eastern Standard Time to 11:59 pm Eastern Standard Time on Thursday, November 5th, 2009. To access this replay, you may dial 1-800-642-1687 in the United States area or 706-645-9291 internationally. The replay pass code is 30070632. Again the replay pass code is 30070632. Thank you, you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 22:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, my name is Jessica and I will be your conference facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the ProLogis second quarter 2009 financial results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. (Operator Instructions). I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Melissa Marsden, Managing Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications with ProLogis. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Melissa Marsden: Thank you, Jessica. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our second quarter 2009 conference call. By now you should all have received an e-mail with the link to our new supplemental, but if not the documents are available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning we will first hear from Walt Rakowich, CEO, to comment on progress relative to current initiatives and the overall environment and then Bill Sullivan, CFO, will cover results, guidance and refinancing activity. Additionally, we are joined today by Ted Antenucci, President and Chief Investment Officer and Chuck Sullivan, Head of Global Operations. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I would like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under Federal Securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about the market and the industry in which ProLogis operates as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K. I would also like to add that our second quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg G we have provided reconciliation to those. As we've done in the past to give a broader range of investors and analysts an opportunity to ask their questions, we will ask you to please limit your questions to one at a time. Walt, would you please begin?
Walt Rakowich: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning everyone. There are three main thoughts that I would like to cover today. First, the progress we've made since November of last year has put the company and its future on much firmer financial footing. Our balance sheet is stronger, and we have substantially more liquidity. Second, like most observers, we expect the industrial market to continue to be rough, but with our improved financial condition and best in class portfolio, we're positioned to work our way through it, and third, we have a great deal of work still to do, but it's work we know how to do, and work that we've proven we can and will do in the months ahead. Let me briefly recap our significant accomplishments related to the plan we laid out in November 2008. Since then, we completed more than $3.6 billion of asset sales and contributions. We raised $1.1 billion of equity, bought back over a billion dollars of bonds at a discount of about 300 million, reduced our at risk development investment by $2.2 billion and substantially funded the remainder of our development portfolio while reducing our on balance sheet debt by more than $2.9 billion. We also have reduced our gross G&A for 2009 by $120 million and on a 2010 run rate basis by $150 million per year or 37% from 2008 levels. In addition, we're close to extending the maturity of our global line of credit which Bill will have more on shortly. Our key priorities continue to be enhancing liquidity and reducing risk. This has to remain our focus for navigating through this environment. However, with major deleveraging progress under our belt, you will hear us talk more about further laddering out of our debt maturities, leasing our development portfolio, and addressing fund issues where they need addressing. We also are developing a somewhat modified structure for future development activities that requires much less of the company's capital. In doing so, we will generate returns from currently unproductive land, while leveraging our development organization to serve customer needs, without putting undue pressure on our balance sheet. In addition, we believe there will come a point at which we will be positioned to capitalize on the eventual recovery by leveraging our investment management platform and external capital sources to take advantage of opportunities. We aren't there yet, and we don't intend to be diverted from our focus on the priorities immediately ahead. On the operational front, overall, global industrial demand remains soft. Occupancies are still declining, but at a slower pace in many areas of the world. Our overall core occupancy rate of 92.5% reflects this, down 54 basis points in Q2, compared to a reduction of 169 basis points in Q1. However, we're now seeing more significant rental rate declines, which historically lag occupancy declines by a few quarters. I should note that prior to this cycle, our lowest ever quarterly occupancy level was 90.2% in the fourth quarter of 2003, whereas we didn't see the lowest point of negative rental growth until the second quarter of 2004. Right now, our best estimate is that market rents are down roughly 10% to 15% from last year, and 15% to 20% from peak rents in late 2007 and early 2008. Will rates decline further? Well, it is hard to say, but in all likelihood, these lower rent levels will persist throughout the balance of this year. Of course, a lot will depend on whether or not we see continued stabilization of occupancies. I do think it is interesting to note that market rents today are significantly below replacement cost rents at today's yields. Long term in our view, this is unsustainable, given the demand for new space driven by obsolescence, and the ongoing reconfiguration of global supply chains. Other market indicators are beginning to show some additional light at the end of the tunnel. The consensus forecast calls for the US recession to have bottomed out in Q2, with positive real GDP growth resuming in Q3 or Q4. A key driver for this forecast is industrial production and inventories, both of which fell earlier this year, driving approximately one-third of the decline in GDP in Q1. In fact, US inventories have fallen four out of the last six quarters. However, global production is picking up and most people predict that inventories will need to be replenished in the second half of the year. If this happens, it will be significant for our business. Other positive indicators we are seeing include an increase in requests for build-to-suit proposals, and of course, speculative development is virtually nonexistent. During Q2, we had solid leasing results in our development portfolio. In total, activity picked up in late May and early June, and we ended up leasing over 5 million square feet during the quarter, bringing the leased percentage in our static 12/31 development portfolio to 54.1%, from 41.4% at the beginning of the year. As a result, we're on track toward our goal of reaching 60% to 70% leased in this portfolio by the end of the year. You probably have noted some recent announcements we've made related to our new build-to-suit development activity. In our Q1 webcast and recent meetings, we've talked about how we're working on ways to partner with others to generate returns from our land bank. We're pleased to have recently signed some of these transactions. Yesterday, we announced the build-to-suit for Kirin Logistics, outside of Tokyo. We will build the building on land that we own and a Japanese venture partner will put up the incremental capital for development upon completion. The transaction is a way for us to pre-sell a build-to-suit to a major institutional investor and generate a return on our lands through rent and management fees after the building is complete. In Europe, we recently announced another build-to-suit for a major global customer, where we will build a facility on our land and contribute it to PEP Fund II at a pre-committed value. Importantly, we expect these transactions to be breakeven to marginally profitable, with land included at our book basis. We also expect to sell a number of land parcels before the end of the year. Currently, we have several transactions in the works as part of our land monetization strategy. More on this to come, but between these expected sales and the build-to-suit business we either have or expect to secure, we are hopeful to sell or begin to generate a return on $200 million to $250 million of land currently on our balance sheet by the end of this year. As for our funds under management, we are making significant progress on all of our near-term debt maturities which Bill will cover in more detail in a moment. I'd like to note however, that we are keenly aware that some funds are better capitalized than others and we're having discussions with all of our fund partners on valuations, debt maturities, and market conditions. We believe those discussions will ultimately result in sensible solutions for all parties, but some of those solutions may take some time to sort out. Finally, let me just say that, although we are currently focused on getting through the current cycle, we believe the steps we are taking today will also put us in a position to capitalize on future opportunities when the time is right. While the bulk of our attention is on the present, we remain mindful of our future. Now, let me turn it over to Bill.
Bill Sullivan: Thanks, Walt. I would like to cover three topics today. First, I will recap the Q2 results and initiatives, as well as provide commentary on guidance for the year. Second, I will address the status of our recasting efforts, relative to our global line of credit, and other on-balance sheet debt maturities. Finally, I will address progress in current activities, relative to our fund debt maturities. From a balance sheet perspective, Q2 was an extremely productive quarter for us, relative to the game plan we laid out last November. We have delevered the balance sheet by $2.9 billion since November, with $1.44 billion of that amount in the second quarter. This was accomplished principally through our follow-on equity offering of $1.1 billion in early April, and the execution of our asset sales and fund contributions of approximately $840 million, the combination of which was partially offset by our co-investment requirements, continued funding of the development portfolio, and pre-committed investments in land and land infrastructure. Additionally, we generated $143 million of gains from buying back additional bonds and convertible debt at discounts. In total, since December, we have repurchased nearly $1.2 billion of bonds and convertible debt, generating nearly $260 million of gains and over $300 million of notional value delevering. Finally, we also closed on approximately $400 million of secured financings in Q2. As we stated, in our Q1 conference call remarks, 2009 is going to be quite confusing from an earnings standpoint, given the effect of our increased share count and all of the activities we are undertaking to restructure the balance sheet, generate liquidity, and address similar issues inside the funds. Q2 held up its end of the bargain from a confusion standpoint. We generated FFO of $0.34 per share in Q2. However, there is a lot of noise in that number relative to what our core ongoing operations would produce. Netting out $0.35 per share to the upside from the gains on debt buy backs, and $0.20 per share to the down side from impairments, led to FFO excluding significant non-cash items, of $0.19 per share. Both the $0.34 and the $0.19 per share were negatively impacted by $0.06 of unusual and/or nonrecurring charges related to ProLogis' share of loss on the sale of assets by PEPR, a realized loss on a foreign currency transaction, and costs associated with our Q2 workforce reduction. We remain comfortable with our full year 2009 FFO guidance of $1.31 to $1.48 per share, when adjusted to the non-cash items and non-recurring charges discussed earlier. Please remember that this per share guidance is based on our estimated full-year weighted average shares of 395 million. Taking these adjustments into account, through the first six months of 2009, we have generated FFO of approximately $338 million, or $0.86 per share. Relative to continued liquidity activities, we have previously outlined a game plan to sell and/or contribute assets totaling $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion in 2009, of which approximately $1 billion has been realized so far. We have incremental contribution and asset sales, targeted for Q3 and Q4, sufficient to achieve this guidance and took nearly $85 million in impairments in Q2 in anticipation of second half sales and contribution activities. These impairments represent approximately a 14.1% discount to our basis, based upon our estimated contribution values, inclusive of the 50 and 25 basis points cap rate add-on in Europe for Q3 and Q4 respectively. This would translate to a 10% discount to basis, if we were contributing the assets at the estimated appraised values, a tough pill to swallow, but reality, given the environment in Europe at this point. Let me now turn to the progress we have made relative to amending and extending our global line of credit. First, we have formally exercised our option under the existing line, extending the maturity to October 2010. Second, and more importantly, as we have discussed in previous communications, one of our goals for 2009 is to reduce the size and further push out the maturity on our global line. We had targeted a size of $2 billion to $2.5 billion with a maturity in 2012. At this point, we have commitments in hand of approximately $2 billion, with an additional $100 million to $300 million potential that are in credit committee hopefully to be received this. Weve been working hard toward our goal and we really truly appreciate the efforts of our bank group in working with us in this current environment. At this point, we expect to conclude this process in August and expect the final extended commitment level will be in the range of $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion. In retrospect, this will be a particularly rewarding accomplishment in this environment; candidly, much more difficult than I originally expected but an incredible outcome nonetheless. At June 30, 2009, we had approximately $850 million outstanding under our global line of credit, inclusive of the multicurrency facility. The extended capacity under that line will be more than sufficient to eliminate our remaining 2009, 2010, and 2011 debt maturities, assuming no incremental liquidity initiatives take place. However, we have no intention of letting up at this point. We will continue our focused effort to address debt maturities through 2013, continuing to access capital through a variety of initiatives. Excluding the global line, we have approximately $3.3 billion of debt that will mature in 2012 and 2013. This is not lost on us, and we intend to act on this expeditiously, with a target of repaying and/or extending these debt maturities by mid 2011. Finally, let me discuss our activities and progress relative to debt maturities inside our funds. At this point, we have no remaining 2009 debt maturities other than scheduled principal payments. Notable in the fund debt maturity schedule is the extension of the Citi $411 million facility in NAIF II for five years, with an incremental two-year extension option. This extension was accompanied by an incremental investment by ProLogis of approximately $85 million. It closed on July 1, and from our perspective was a great resolution to a very difficult situation, given the current economic environment. This incremental investment will earn a preferred return, and together with our existing capital investment, will have a priority in equity distribution. Clearly, in this environment, some of our funds are too highly levered. We have been, and will continue to work through those issues. For the immediate future, we are heavily focused on dealing with the 2000 debt maturities of nearly $3.1 billion, and are making very good progress. For discussion purposes, let me address the 2010 maturities in three buckets. First, we have approximately $390 million of secured debt in six different US funds that mature in 2010. We are in active discussions on each of these with lenders and fund partners and have a goal to close on refinancing and/or extensions on each of these by year-end 2009. One or more of these may require a modest incremental investment from both we and our fund partners, but at this point we do not anticipate this to be a material amount. We have approximately $1.2 billion or 880 million, outstanding, under our PEP II bank line which matures in May, 2010. We are in active discussions with this bank group to extend this maturity for one year to provide some cushion while we implement on a longer term secured debt financing. We expect to execute on this extension in Q3. Regardless of the extension, we have five separate financings, totaling approximately 340 million that have been Credit Committee approved and are in final due diligence and documentation. We have an additional four financing, totaling approximately 230 million in the early but active stage at this point. One more arrow in our quiver relative to the debt of PEP II is the ability to draw down on what will be approximately 640 million of unfunded equity commitments, following plan contributions for 2009. Finally, we have approximately $1.47 billion or 1.05 billion of debt inside PEPR, which matures in 2010. These maturities are associated with three distinct financings. The first is a 151 million secured bank deal, with Hypo Real Estate. We will pay down approximately 25 million on this from cash on hand, and have executed all documentation on a three-year extension for the remaining 126 million. This pay-down and extension is expected to be accomplished within the next 10 to 30 days. We have 524 million of CMBS debt that matures in May, 2010. We are hopeful of paying down this debt prior to yearend 2009, through a combination of cash flow from operations, crystallization of a hedge gain and a variety of secured debt financings that are currently active. The first of these totaling 86 million or 100 million will close this week. There are seven other financing packages totaling over 650 million in various stages of review, approval and documentation. Finally, after utilizing the majority of the proceeds from the asset sales, concluded in Q2, to pay down a portion of the bank line, there are 380 million outstanding under PEPRs bank line that matures in December, 2010. We have initiated preliminary discussions with lead banks on extending this facility, while we implement on our longer-term deleverring and debt refinancing strategy. It is our intent to repay this line, through cash from operations, excess secured debt proceeds, following the repayment of the CMBS debt, and other strategic initiatives, which may include incremental asset sales, as well as an issuance of incremental capital. PEPR is in discussion with regulatory authorities regarding a conversion from an FCP structure to a C-cap structure, which would facilitate its ability to issue new capital. In closing, let me just say, that I think we have accomplished an incredible amount in the last six months. Probably even more than we thought possible. We have no intention of stopping at this point. The capital markets have opened up substantially since the beginning of the year, but are still tenuous at best. Therefore we intend to continue to aggressively pursue and attack all opportunities to de-lever and de-risk both ProLogis and our funds. With that, let me turn it back to Walt to wrap up.
Walt Rakowich: Thank you, Bill. Before we open it up for questions, let me leave you with three final points and I will be brief. First, over the last nine months, we've created $5 billion of liquidity and paid down close to $3 billion of debt. We have proven we can execute in a tough environment. Second, our work is not done. We're a stronger company today, but market conditions are still tough. We're likely to remain that way for a while. However, we know we have to do, and we are mono-focused on the continued execution of our plan. Finally, the steps we're taking today will put us in a great position tomorrow, when the time is right to invest. We're not quite there yet, but we are mindful of our future. Nine months ago, we told you not to trust us, just watch us. In this market, very few people trust, so keep watching us, as we think that you will continue to like what you see. Operator, we're able to open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Mark Biffert with Oppenheimer Company. Your line is open.
Mark Biffert: Ted or Walter, I was wondering if you could comment on the leasing environment a little bit more. The pace of your leasing of roughly 13 to 14 million square feet during the quarter is accelerated over the first quarter. I'm just wondering if you're seeing trends improve. Have rents fall in to a level where you're seeing that the demand come back to the market? Who are the types of tenants, as well as have you adjusted your credit terms in terms of allowing in lower type credit tenants to come into the portfolio, just to fill space?
Ted Antenucci: Mark, I will do the best. I can in answering all of the questions, but I may miss one or two. We saw an increase in the velocity on leasing at the end of May and June. Early in the year there was a lot of wait and see. I think it is still a slower environment than it was in 2008 and 2007, certainly. Definitely appears to be improving compared to the first quarter, in the first couple of months in the second quarter. So, we're seeing a pickup. Rents are certainly down. Its a competitive environment. Occupancy levels are down, but down at a lesser pace than Q2, than they were in Q1. I think in general credit of most companies has deteriorated over the last 12 months. We're not doing a lot of marginal credit deals. We are not having to, to stretch on that. It is similar to what it was in the past. I don't see any significant change in the way that we're looking at or underwriting. We're certainly mindful of TIs and commissions on deals, where companies don't have great credit. We are seeing a slight a lot of discussions toward longer-term leases. Although, so far, we have been doing shorter-term leases, but it appears that some of the customers are anticipating that we are getting toward down at the lower levels in rent and wanting to lock in those lower rents for a longer period of time. That appears to be a trend that we might see through the balance of this year.
Walt Rakowich: Chuck, would you like to add anything to that?
Chuck Sullivan: Mark, with regard to the credit of the customers, we are still as rigorous, or more rigorous than we have been in the past, of paying close attention to them. They're looking for an economic transaction, and we are very cautious about how we are structuring those deals, per Ted's comment. Its the lot of the activity, youve asked a question about the types of customers we are seeing, and it continues to be driven by third-party logistics activity, as companies are trying to drive costs out of their supply chain. On a global basis, they're actually looking to essentially shop around and look, and thats actually quite a good thing. You see activity levels in the market, they had kind of dropped precipitously in Q4, and now, theyve increased, and theyre moderate.
Walt Rakowich: Mark, Id add one last comment to this, and that is that, look, its funny, we have done a 15-year analysis for this thing is, GDP goes, so does our business in the US. Now, our business is driven more by other factors out side of the US, obsolescence, and a switch from ownership to leasing and the like. In the US, as GDP goes, so does our business. I think if we see a pick up in GDP in Q3 and Q4, I do believe that we will continue to see occupancies moderate to the down side, meaning that we won't see as much a decline. Who knows, but one quarter doesn't make a year, but that's what we're beginning to see. I think also, you should be -- we should caution you that I think for the next couple of quarters, we're going to continue to see rents decline, unfortunately, at the same levels, maybe even greater. I don't know then what we've seen in the second quarter, because that always follows the occupancy declines and frankly, I think there was a little fear in the market in Q1 and Q2, particularly Q2, as to how long this is going to last, landlords are dropping their rents and making sure that they solve for occupancies, which is the right thing do to do. I think you may see the negative rental growth persist for some time. Certainly through the balance of this year, to be balanced about it. Hopefully we will see a little bit better uptick more in the Q3 and Q4 driven by GDP. We are beginning to see it a little bit now and we are hopeful that that will begin to moderate the occupancies on the downside. Long answer to your question.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sloan Bohlen with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Sloan Bohlen: Good morning, guys. Just a question for Walt and Bill. Walt, with your comments on that you can expect negative rental growth for a while here, could you reconcile that with where you guys stand on your covenants right now? Then as a related question, for Bill, are those covenants expected to be the same set of covenant requirements for the extended credit facility? If you could talk to rate, I do not know if it's too early to talk to rate on the new facility?
Walt Rakowich: Let me make one comment before Bill's comments on the covenants. I mean, we have sort of run some sensitivity analysis internally and if you had, let's say 2% or 3% occupancy decline, okay, and let's say you had consistent 15% rental declines for three years, okay. In our portfolio, you're only turning 50% of that portfolio in a three or four-year period of time, and call it 67% in a five or six-year period of time, all right. So literally in three years, if you had that for three consecutive years, 3% occupancy decline that held that way, and a 15% per year of all of your rents falling, you would still only have a about a 10% NOI decline. It takes a long time for NOI to really, really decline to the extent that you are killing your covenants. So, Bill, you may want to comment on that. You got to put that numerically, you got to put things into perspective.
Bill Sullivan: You might add, Walt, just before this closure, when we hit bottom it takes a little bit of time to recapture too.
Walt Rakowich: Yes
Bill Sullivan: On the global line, I do not want to get into a lot of specifics on the terms and conditions of that. That is part of our agreement is that, until that deal is closed, we won't get into the detailed terms and what not. I think, we have already said, I think we talked about it at NAREIT and before is what we were looking for. The only significant change I think to the covenant inside the global line is, we are dropping the debt coverage ratio to 1.5 from 1.75. So that is a good thing in this environment. We've stress-tested our models for future operations against our covenants and we feel pretty good. We feel real good relative to what may be a protracted sort of weak environment. So that's fine. We have also said look, we're going to have a matrix of -- on the debt rate, on the spread on that thing relative to our bond covenants, or relative to our credit ratings. At this point, Id suspect that we fall into somewhere around the 3% to 3.25% over, on the rate, via that matrix, and one of our focuses, over the next 12 to 18 months, is to sit down with the rating agencies and continue to hammer on the progress, weve made and hopefully get those ratings up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Just to follow-up on your leasing comments. As you roll over a 2010 leases, which are probably higher rent leases, what kind of rental mark-to-market can we expect to see?
Walt Rakowich: Chuck, you want to talk about mark-to-market?
Chuck Sullivan: Somewhere along the line of Walt's comment with regard to how you roll the rents down. We earlier in the discussion, we talked about peak to troughs 10% to 15%. You look at the roll downs and you look at the rents that are in place in 2010. Essentially theyre not substantially higher than the rents that are in place in 2009 today, if you look at sub in pages on 5.1 and 5.2 in the core and investment management portfolio. So, essentially if you roll those rents down by say current negative rental rate growth of about 12%, youre still looking at a 15% of the entire portfolio in the roll, and its not terribly significantly impacting NOI at that point.
Walt Rakowich: One thing I want to comment on, and that is that, I made the comment in my remarks, IT replacement cost rents today, or rents that, market rents are probably in the neighborhood of 25% to 30% below replacement cost rents. If you take, building a new building and take whatever yield that you want to slap on it, you're going to find that you simply can't build that building today and make economic sense of it. So, if you believe that there is going to be net demand, longer term, one of two things have to happen, either replacement costs have to precipitously fall and they may fall, but I don't think theyre going to fall 30%, or rents are going to have stabilize and at some point in time begin to come back up and the interesting thing is that we're seeing net demand in the market. I shouldn't say that yes, because you still have negative absorption, but we're seeing net demand in terms of companies needing new and more efficient facilities. We are seeing it in Europe. We're seeing in Japan. You saw the build-to-suit press releases that we put out. I think to the extent that we do see that more and more in the future that will have a stabilizing effect on the rents and longer term, we think that rent levels, where they are today are unsustainable. So, while everybody wants to mark everything in to market today, the entire portfolio doesn't turn, but for a seven or eight year period of time. I just don't think any of us believe that the rents that we've got in place today will all get mark to that number.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Bilerman with Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Ted, can you expand a little bit on the development leasing you guys have done, an unbelievable job at really filling the space in the development pipeline since the end of the last year and reducing that risk. You talked a little about the type of leasing that you are doing there and how that impacted what your expectation is for your stabilized yield. You look in your supplemental in appendix A page 6, you are targeting about $78 million, it looks like on a quarter so call it and over $300 million in terms of NOI. We're getting it correctly, which translate just south of an eight yield. If I'm just trying to piece everything together in terms of how you are leasing that development, how much capital you are putting in, the term of those leases and whether there is major differences between that and what you are doing in the core?
Bill Sullivan: Michael, I don't think there are major differences between what we're doing on the development pipeline and the core. On the core, we've got renewal, and typically on renewal sometimes you dont end up. Its not quite as competitive of an environment in the rent, don't typically go as low. There is motivation on both parties in that case, where the customer doesn't necessarily want to move and there are costs associated with theyre moving in. You strike a little bit better balance in terms of rent. On the development portfolio, we are focused on leasing it up and we are trying to get ahead of it. In general if you take a look at everything we've done as a company, we are trying to get ahead of things. We got a big wake up call at the end of last year. We have acted diligently on all fronts to get ahead of the curve. So, we have been aggressive on leasing. Thats certainly means our yields are less than, what we had originally anticipated, but still acceptable. Our yields we anticipate will certainly be south of eight on the remaining development pipeline. The pace of leasing, we hope to maintain. At some point you get kind of toward the end of the leasing of those particular properties, and you will end up with smaller units that are more specific to any given size, and it maybe will slow down a little bit. I think the pace that we're going at right now is a good solid pace. We hope to maintain it for a few more quarters and then at the very tail end, it might slow down a little bit. We are making good progress; we are really pleased with what transpired in the second quarter. Our people are doing a great job around the world, and we have definitely got them focused and motivated on getting space leased.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Sakwa with ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa: Just wanted to ask a question about the land, I think if you look between March and June, your land balance actually went up, which seems to, I guess go somewhat in contradiction to the monetization policy. So, can you maybe just explain why the balances went up, and how you see that land balance trending over the next couple of years?
Bill Sullivan: Yes, Steve, let me address that. We went up, the land balance went up about $182 million quarter-over-quarter. About $82 million of that was FX. So there was, call it $100 million of actual net investment activity. That had a lot of ins and outs but about $56 million of that $100 million that related to pre-committed parcels that were under contract, etcetera. We have talked about that early on the year that, we have some of this coming down. As we started a building, and as we completed acquisitions on land, we had about $18 million that was in the form of other assets and deposits. Once we completed the final acquisition of the land, had to move to the land bank itself, and then there was about $30 million of infrastructure costs again, that were sort of pre-committed, etcetera. As we look forward, we are hopeful that there maybe a little bit left to spend in terms of some pre-committed land, but we are not buying land to build up the land bank. At this point everything that we have spent so far was sort of committed contractually. We have actually, we eliminated a fair amount of that, but you couldn't eliminate the whole thing. So of the 182 about 100 was actual net increase. That pace will not be seen again and about 82 was FX.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jamie Feldman: Thank you very much and good morning. I was hoping you could provide a little bit more color on your discussions with your fund partners, kind of as the panic has subsided and how they are thinking about their liquidity needs toward the end of the year?
Walt Rakowich: Well, Jamie, every single fund is different, obviously and some of the funds, particularly the open-ended funds that we've got right now in Europe, we still have equity. Bill mentioned at the end of the year we think we will have 650 million of equity left and we will likely use. Certainly a piece of that will be used to pay down debt. It is all available to pay down debt. We also have about a little over $200 million in the US open-ended funds which could be used to pay down debt. In all of those discussions with those open-end partners and the advisory council, I would say that pretty much people are on board, if there is excess cash to use it to pay down debt and they try to use this opportunistically if we can. It is interesting, I think that the conversations, if we would have had the same conversations in the third and fourth quarter of last year, people would have been a little more skittish, but I think people now are of the opinion that they want to take a long-term view in this whole thing and they are willing to use some cash to pay down some debt and make sure that the fund is in a strong position. I would say that the conversations that we are having with the -- sort of the funds where there are single investors, generally speaking, it is the same thing. To the extent that there is a debt maturity and we feel like we've got to balance it out a little bit and put a little bit more equity into it. We had had pretty successful conversations with those fund partners as well. Every one is little bit different. They are not all, in fact, that said, the majority of the funds are actually in very good shape today, but people are of the mindset, let's think about it long term, let's not overreact, let's pay down some debt and let's move forward. I would say in general, that has been sort of the underlying tone of our conversations that we have had with the investors.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum with UBS. Your line is open.
Ross Nussbaum: A question on the global line. With respect to the $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion of commitments you are ultimately expecting, how many banks ultimately decided not to participate versus how many actually reduced their prior commitments? Can you give us a sense of what the fees are on the new line, as well as the fees that are getting paid on the tempered extension and how those are being accounted for?
Bill Sullivan: Well, Ross I can't get into the details on the fees and what not. Thats all part of our agreement, but until the deal closes, we don't talk about the specific terms. The only significant bank that chose not to participate was yours. So, UBS was the only bank that size that chose not to participate in the line. We obviously lost some of the Chinese banks that was expected in that process, but most everybody. We actually have two major new banks coming into the line, both at $100 million or north. So, we are very, very pleased with where this ended up.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Fick with Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
David Fick: Two part balance sheet-related question. Did the North American asset sale close and is that reflected in the balance sheet at quarter end? What do we then do with NOI going forward, as it relates to this asset sale? Whats the right run rate? The second part of the question is, given the JV contribution 10% applied to apparent loss that Ted discussed. What are we to think about the balance of the portfolio, both inside the funds and on the balance sheet in terms of value verifications?
Bill Sullivan: Well, first of all that the asset sale that we disclosed did in fact close. So, those are reflected in the balance sheet. If you want to think about the run rate, David, and I know you guys will start doing a lot of math and what not, but we disclosed that overall, those sales took place at about an 8.9% effective cap rate. So, if you look at the asset sales, I want to take that type of return off of what would be about two-thirds run rate for the quarter. That would probably be one way to look at it. The other side of that is, that we also have a fair amount of lease-up particularly in May and June. So, you're seeing very little impact from that and so you got to add that in. I hate to say it. Id probably wait a quarter or two and watch things settle down, to gets you pure run rate. That's the way Id start thinking about that. What was the second half of that?
Walt Rakowich: Operator, can you allow David to repeat the second question, because I didn't really understand it.
Operator: Sure. It will be one moment, please.
Walt Rakowich: Dave, could you repeat that for us? Please.
Bill Sullivan: Hey, David, while I wait for to you get back on, if you look at the income from (inaudible) on page 2.2 that will give you a run rate for the disposed assets.
Operator: Mr. Fick's line is reopened.
Walt Rakowich: David, go ahead.
David Fick: Thank you. The question related to the implied 10% after the discount on the asset sales in to funds. What are we to make of that with respect to valuing the balance of your portfolio and the fund portfolio?
Walt Rakowich: The cap rates, particularly in Europe, and a little bit in Mexico have risen. So, we are I guess more focused this year. On liquidity in achieving the targets that we laid out for that, and we talked in recent months about the fact that wed be prepared call it up to a 9% cap rate or thereabouts to take the loss if it so came about and contribute the assets. I don't think that any of us feel that things are going to settle down here or there in that respect. So, I'm not sure it has an overall implication for the portfolio worldwide. Ted, I know you really want to.
Ted Antenucci: Yes, David. We spent a lot of time actually preparing for value questions, and there is really two ways to look at the value. Well, theres probably more than two, but two as we are looking at it. One is the short-term and whats the value today. Whats the value of these assets over time. We're not in any sort of liquidation mode and therefore the value today is a point in time is probably not the point in time that I pick to try and monetize the whole lot of assets. We are doing what we need to do. So, far we feel really good about what weve monetized and the value we have monetized in. At this point contributing buildings in Europe at 10% to 15% discount to cost with a look-back at the end of 2010 to that value, where we get upside to the extent of the value as higher at the end of 2010 then we contributed at, makes sense to us. We are recycling the capital. We get another bite at the apple on value. If you pick a point in time, there is a decent subset of assets at least in Europe that you can look at it and say, yes, the percentage of our pipeline thats in Europe, if you have to contribute it all right now, thats probably a fair way of looking at it. Certainly I think we would say that a similar type of discount applies to North America. In Asia, we continue to do really well. I mean in Asia, we are not leasing solid, we were not seeing rental declines, of any substance. In fact for the most part, we are meeting our performance in Asia. Cap rates have moved a little bit, but I don't think at this point any of us anticipate that there would be losses in Asia if we were to contribute properties to a fund.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brendan Maiorana with Wells Fargo.
Brendan Maiorana: Hi, good morning. It's Brendan Maiorana. The question is, if I look at the level of cash flow that your assets generate compared to your overall level of debt. It seems to me to bring that ratio in line with some of your peers would require not only leasing up the development pipeline, where you have made good progress, but also extracting value from the land bank, whether it be through asset sales or some how generating a return on the land bank. Just wondering how you think about the timing of generating some type of return from the land bank or selling that down when you talked about some initiatives that you have done thus far, but just wondering how we should think about the timing of extracting value on the land bank?.
Ted Antenucci: Brent, this is Ted. I will start with an answer and Walter and Bill might add on. Our current major focus has been related to our balance sheet and leasing of our development portfolio. We have made great progress on those two things. We are starting to, at least I am, and a few others, to turn our focus to monetizing the land bank. We have announced a couple of build-to-suit deals. Those are with the intent of monetizing some land. We have got some land sales that we are negotiating as we speak. It is not a robust land to market right now, but it is interesting, if you have got parcels in multiple markets throughout the world, at any given point in time, somebody somewhere is going to need land for some purpose. Sometimes I just mean there is party wanting it for something , if sometimes a user if he needs this for a particular use or they have a specific requirement relative to building a location, and because we are in a so many markets through out the world, we are seeing some of those opportunities. We are trying to position ourselves to capitalize on them. I think this year we are hopeful that we can monetize approximately 200 million worth of land through either development or through -- and all of those developments for the most part are pre-committed takeouts at a pre-committed pricing. .So we are not taking cap rate risk. Or through land sales, and we think that pace will accelerate. I mean we are in one of the toughest markets any of us have experienced and to be able to have that, those types of opportunities, we feel really good about. So I would anticipate that next year we would be able to monetize quite a bit more, and the following year more and so on and so forth. So we're looking at our land bank as a five-year monetization plan or not -- maybe three years, maybe five years, and maybe six years, but somewhere in that time frame, and we are working hard toward monetizing it and I think you will start seeing progress on that as you so see in leasing and some of the other things that we focused on.
Walt Rakowich: Brent, just on the pipeline and I don't know if you ever asking this too, but our goal is at the end of the year the development pipeline is completed and will be completed 60% to 70% by the end of the year and by the end of next year, some place in the 90% type range. So that's our goal there. That's got a lot more shorter timeframe associated with it. Operator, we could take two more questions.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller: A follow-up question to one of the prior questions, but if we're looking at asset sales, I think you're talking about outside of the China and Japan fund interest sales of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion. Can you give us a sense as to what you are thinking about in terms of how that expense a lot as you move toward 2010?
Bill Sullivan: Michael, at this point we've identified the sort of level of asset sales that we expect to complete this year after sales and contributions we get about another $600 million or so worth of contributions in asset sales with probably call it $450 million of that being contributions and 150 being asset sales. Post-2009 there is no specific target or game plan on incremental asset sales beyond that and so, we will look at. Again one of the things that we will look at relative to the balance sheet etcetera, is what levers are available to continue to focus on debt maturities, debt pay down, etcetera, but at this point we sort of like the NOI.
Walt Rakowich: In addition, Michael, we are fortunate and that we do have our funds committed to taking us out of our development pipeline until the middle of 2010. So, at the end of this year we will take a look at it, we will see what makes sense, set goals. We do have that opportunity there both in Mexico and in Europe.
Operator: The next question comes from Cedrik Lachance with Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance: Two quick balance sheet questions, I guess. The first one is, have you been able to, or have you looked into tapping the unsecured bond market of late? The other one is in regards to the continuous equity offering program that you announced a couple of months ago. Just wondering how much equity has been raised from that and what is your plan going forward?
Bill Sullivan: Let me touch on both of those, Cedrik. Since the unsecured market really opened up, back in call it late March or early April, for REITs, we are looking at it every day, for all intents and purposes. Our CDS has come in tremendously in the last three months, and if you ask me, had we chosen to tap at in late March or early April. We probably would have done a 10-year deal at somewhere around twelve and a half, and today, it might be under 10. Our CDS came in this morning about 25 bps. So, we are looking at it. We are evaluating it. We are particularly looking at should we tap it in what maturities, et cetera, et cetera. Its one of those opportunities that we have to extend maturities, and refinancing debt and I suspect well take advantage of it hopefully at some point, later this year, and into 2010 and beyond. Right now, I think we have gained so far the benefit of having waited a bit. In terms of the continuous equity offering, we haven't utilized that program so far this year. Thats again is one of those things what we will look at from time to time, whether it makes sense to tap that and utilize that. Thats one more level or arrow in our quiver in terms of the deleveraging strategy. We have had it in place for many years, that's why we re-instituted it, following its sort of maturity in March, and so we will take a look at that, as the time goes on.
Walt Rakowich: Okay. Thanks, Cedrik. Thank you, everybody for being on the call. We appreciate it. We look forward to more results in this upcoming quarter and next quarterly call. Thanks, everybody, again.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's ProLogis second quarter 2009 financial results conference call. This conference call will be available for replay beginning today at 1:00 PM Eastern Standard Time through 11:59 PM Eastern Standard Time on Thursday, August 6, 2009. To access this replay you may dial 1-800-642-1687 in the United States, or area code 706-645-9291 internationally. The replay passcode is 16022761. Again, that replay passcode is 16022761. Thank you. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Melissa Marsden: ProLogis' first quarter results meeting and webcast. I am Melissa Marsden, Manager Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for the company. Last evening, we issued our press release and our supplemental for the first quarter of 2009. But if you did not have a chance to print it, there are copies available out at the registration desk. This document, as well as the link to today's webcast presentation, are available on our website at www.prologis.com under Investor Relations. I apologize that we do not have hard copies of today's presentation for you. However, they will be available from the website at the conclusion of today's meeting. And for those of you participating remotely, I would like to remind you that if you plan to participate in today's Q & A session, you will need to log into the webcast in order to send us your questions as the phone line is in listen-only mode. And then following prepared remarks, we will alternate between questions from the audience and those participating by webcast. And we know that this is I think 18 companies, reporting today. So we appreciate your attendance, and know that there may be some of you who have commitments related to other calls. We appreciate you being here. This morning, we are first going to hear from Walt Rakowich, CEO, to comment on our focus and our progress related to current initiatives and the market environment. Then Bill Sullivan, CFO, will cover results, guidance, and refinancing activity. Additionally, we are joined today by Ted Antenucci, President and Chief Investment Officer, and Chuck Sullivan, Head of Global Operations. Before we begin prepared remarks, I would like to quickly state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about the market, and the industry in which ProLogis operates, as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance, and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K. I would also like to add that our first quarter results press release and supplemental and presentation do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures. And as we have done in the past, to give a broader range of investors and analysts an opportunity to ask a question, we would ask you to please limit your questions to one at a time. Walt, would you please begin?
Walt Rakowich: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone. Folks, today, we are going to hit you with a lot of data in the next half hour to say 40 minutes. But through it all, I want you to keep in mind a few takeaways. First, we are making great progress on our financial goals. Second, our operating property performance metrics are down, but within our expectations. Third, our development pipeline is leasing up and represents in our view, a powerful tool for future earnings growth. Fourth, we have a great global business. With one of the only truly global franchises, where we have got operations throughout the world in the real estate industry. And fifth, we have high quality state of the art assets with some of the most talented people in the industry. Without question, we are succeeding in this challenging environment. In our presentation today first, we are going to cover our focus and our progress, our operating fundamentals. And then I am going to ask Bill to come up and talk about the financial review, and then of course, I will summarize and recap. Now, on November 13th, Bill and I came here to New York, and basically outlined how we were going to move the Company forward in this environment. Our goals were to first and foremost preserve capital. Second, we were to simplify our overall business and communicate more effectively. Third, de-risk our operations, and fourth, delever our balance sheet. Since then, I think many of you know we have taken significant steps towards the achievement of those goals, and I am going to outline a few of those steps right now. First, in terms of preserving capital, we eliminated virtually all of our development starts, as you know, and our land acquisitions. At that time, and into the first quarter, we shut down approximately $580 million of developments in progress. We also reduced our dividend, saving $290 million in cash. And we initiated the right-sizing of our G&A, initially saving $100 million in cash, which is roughly 25% of our total G&A savings. Now, we will continue to seek cost saving type efforts throughout the year and throughout the company. And, I will say that we will have more to report on that in the future. We have also been working very, very hard to basically simplify the business and communicate more effectively to the marketplace. As many of you know, we eliminated our CDFS segment, frankly in this environment, merchant building is not a focus of ours. We also simplified our financial reporting, completely revamping our quarterly supplemental reports, with more focus on our balance sheet and more focus on our debt covenants. We increased communications with our shareholders, with the rating agencies, with bankers. I think many of you have actually commented to us that, favorably at least, that we are A, communicating better, and also the frequency of the press releases has been very, very helpful. We will continue these efforts moving forward. And we have stepped up our internal employee communications. During tough times, you have got to over-communicate. At least, we found. And we have tried to do this through a series regular town hall meetings, webcast meetings, face-to-face coverage throughout the world, Internet e-mails which I try to send out every other week. And senior management calls. I think we have made actually great progress internally as well. We have also taken some major steps to reduce the overall level of risk in our operations. Since 9/30 of last year, we reduced our development portfolio by $3.2 billion, roughly 40%. Probably more importantly, and as we are going to talk about it more in the future, we have reduced the unleased portion of that development portfolio. As we hold that development portfolio on our balance sheet, the key thing is reducing the at-risk piece of that. We have reduced the at-risk piece of that by $1.8 billion in, in essence, two quarters. In Q4, we renegotiated certain equity agreements with our partners, which gave them more comfort on the market pricing that they were going to get. It gave us more funding certainty, and probably better long-term relationships in turbulent times. We terminated land purchase agreements where possible. We closed our operations in the GCC, India, and Brazil. Now is not the time for expansion. We reorganized our management team internally to enhance our operational controls and focus more on risk. And as a result of our sales of our balance sheet assets, we will be retaining more of our developments internally. And actually as a result of that, we will enhance our geographical diversity of our wholly-owned pool, as well as reduce its average age over time. Of course, we have also been focused on deleveraging the balance sheet. From October 1, '08 through 3/31/09, we completed fund contributions of $1.4 billion. $1.1 billion net of our co-investment. We sold our China operations, as well as our Japan fund interest, for $1.3 billion. We put $1 billion of US properties on the market for sale. Bill will have more to talk about there. And we repurchased $358 million of our bonds at a 32.5 discount to par value. Now, as a result of all of these activities, you can see on this chart, we have reduced our leverage right now, by $1.77 billion in six months, despite having to fund $900 million in developments and a little over $300 million that we had in contractual obligations. After March 31st, we only have about $570 million left to fund in the development pipeline and a very, very small amount of contractual acquisitions to go. Now, what have we done since then? Since 3/31, I think we have accomplished a great deal more. On April 8th, we raised $1.1 billion in a follow-on-equity offering. Bill, will have more to talk about there. We repurchased debt, basically delevering the company by another $112 million. We have rate-locked on $344 million of new, secured on-balance sheet financing. And we closed our contributions to our European fund, as well as we sold ProLogis [Park Mosado], generating another $170 million there. And we closed on $50 million in third party asset sales. Bill, will talk more about the asset sales in a moment. But I would say this. If you look at our sources and uses, and again, Bill will talk about the sources and uses and talk about all the things we have got going still this year. But I think you're going to find out that we are actually in a very, very strong financial position, not just today but moving into the end of the year. And I think a very good position to weather whatever future economic storm that we still have ahead of us. Now, let me cover our operating fundamentals. And in doing so, I am going to touch on first, our operating portfolio, second, our development portfolio, third, the overall investor market, and then some risks and opportunities. As expected, leasing was down for the quarter. But in analyzing this, I think there are three key factors to consider. The first thing is, when we took our Japan properties out, which were 98-99% leased. The overall leasing went down by 30 basis points as a result of that. And that is because of the sale of those properties that took place. The second thing is that there is every single year, if you go back and take a look at our results, you will see the occupancies tend to be the lowest in thefirst quarter. Why is that? Because there is seasonal demand, where companies sign month-to-month leases in the fourth quarter because of the Christmas season. We think roughly 25 to 30 basis points of the decline is typical seasonal demand that you can have in the fourth quarter that goes away in Q1. Now the remainder of it, call it roughly 100 basis points, was from softening market conditions. And let's face it. The '08 financial crisis that we saw in the third and fourth quarter is now creeping its way into Main Street. We understood that. And we predicted that, in the beginning of the year. And so, our guidance was that average occupancies would go down roughly 150 to 200 basis points on average. Okay? So if you sort of project that out, you say okay, well, you started the year at 94, where would you end up the year if your average occupancies were down 150 to 200 basis points. It would be roughly 90.5% to 91.5% rates. We still believe that this will be the case based on being down roughly 100 basis points strip out Japan, strip out the seasonal demand. Now as for our other operating portfolio metrics, I think actually they have held up reasonably well in the face of the tough market. Average tenant retention, whether you look at the invest management business, or you look at the direct-owned portfolio, roughly 70%-71% on average between the two. Why so high? Because companies generally aren't moving, and this is what we expected to happen. TIs and commissions at $0.84 and $0.07, respectively very low. Extremely low, why is that? Companies aren't moving. They are not asking for TIs. And as a result, in addition to that contractors, frankly, are very, very competitive today. And so our overall TI costs are lower. Leasing activity is down 13 million square feet, 9.3 million square feet, relative to last year. Some of that has to do with the overall market just simply being down. And that is what we expected to happen in this year. Our same store portfolio, as a result, also pretty much mirrored the occupancy declines that we saw in Q1. If you take a look at average leasing down 1.84% in the operating pool, net operating income down 1.85%. What we did, just so you know, on the far right side of this page, we have historically talked about our same store results with our development lease OP in the numbers. And we thought it would be more effective to basically break that out because as we lease our pipeline up, it does mask whatever declines that you have going on in your non-development operating portfolios. So the left side is without developments. The right side, as we lease our developments, interestingly enough, the same store numbers are going up because we have got a development portfolio to lease. So there you see positive 0.78%. Rental growth down at 4.19%, you have probably heard mentioned, there has been a lot of rags and things talking about how rents depending on the product type are down 10% to 15% market rents. I think that is true in certain markets. One thing I want to say, though, is bear in mind, that moving into 2008, a year ago, the rents in place were probably 5% to 10% below market. So while market rents have fallen, the in-place rents, we don't expect to fall 10% to 15%. Maybe more of a modest fall, which you could see in the first quarter, roughly 4%. In terms of our development portfolio, I think we are making very, very good progress. From the peak point of June 30th of last year, where we hit an $8.4 billion pipeline. Our pipeline now is down to $4.8 billion, or a reduction of $3.6 billion from the high. Now, again, since we are going to hold the majority of these developments on our balance sheet moving forward, we will contribute some into our European fund and Mexico fund. But a lot of them will hold. The key things we are going to talk about moving forward more is the leasing in the pipeline. And as you contribute properties into your funds, which are 95% or 98% leased, the leasing could look like it is going down. So what we are going to do is hold the portfolio static, the $5.1 billion portfolio was 41.6% leased at the end of the fourth quarter. That same portfolio at the end of the first quarter was 46.4% leased, i.e., we leased basically 500 basis points or a 500 basis point increase in the overall occupancy of that portfolio. So, if you go to the next page. Looking forward, if we take our development pipeline at 12/30/08 of 60 million scare feet, and we assume that there would be some target vacancy in that portfolio. I would love to say that we will lease it to 100%, but I don't think that we will achieve that. Even in good times, I don't think we will achieve that. We target a 93% lease and deduct out 28 million square feet that is already leased in the portfolio. Our target square footage in terms of leasing, is basically 28.1 million square feet. So the task at hand is to basically lease that 28 million square feet of space. Now if you take a look at our historical leasing, again first quarter always low. But going from 4 million to 6.6 million, 4.8 million, of course the pipeline was bigger back then, but nonetheless. The average leasing over five-quarter period of time is roughly 4.5 million square feet. And, you can look at it a lot of different ways. At 4.5 million square feet, if they would lease you six quarters of the [leasing], if you just took the run rate of 3.2 million square feet, which is a tough quarter obviously. But still at that, we lease it over an eight- to nine-quarter period of time. At the last earnings call we had we said look, we think it would be substantially leased by the end of 2010 which would be seven quarters. Both those assumptions pretty much straddled that. I think right now, we are still in a reasonable position to say that we believe, based on first quarter leasing, that we should be substantially leased by the end of 2010, and that's how we are thinking about the business today. As it relates to the overall industrial market, current condition is no surprise. Operating fundamentals mirror economic conditions. They are weak. Market occupancies have declined. Market absorption is negative. There is some shadow space, although not as much as we would think, to be candid with you, in some sublease space creeping into the markets. Uncertainty leading to lengthier negotiations. Customers continue to balance their relocation costs, which are downsizing, or moving. Most of them are just staying put, and limited new development. Now, near-to-longer term, we are actually more optimistic. A couple of things. First, let's not forget, that there is significant obsolescence and owner shifts that are taking place abroad. And I will talk a little bit more about this in a slide, in a couple slides from now. But that continues to drive demand. And secondarily, demand in the US will improve we believe as GDP growth returns. Most experts are talking about a positive GDP in the third to fourth quarter. We will see. Nobody knows in this room. I don't know. But I do know this. As GDP does come back, real GDP, so goes demand for industrial space. It is not in my slide program, but it is in an attachment when you go back and print these, we have tracked real GDP growth to growth in the overall growth and demand of space over a 25-year period of time, and I think you're going to find that there is an amazing correlation between the two. Now let's have a look at a few charts, which I think help put things into perspective. On the negative side, we have seen absorption in the top 30 markets go from 158 million square feet to 23.9 million square feet last year. If you broke down last year into four quarters, you would see that the absorption went from positive to negative. No surprise there. And that the absorption in the first quarter in the bulk industrial space is roughly 18.8 million square feet. The good news is that over a 25-year period of time, we have never had a full-year where there has been negative bulk industrial space absorption. Never. Now could this be the first year? Absolutely. All bets are off. You can't always look back 25 years and say that is going to continue. But why has that been? And the reason is because GDP has grown those years because the population has grown. If you look at the projected population through 2020, 2025, we are going to go to 340, 350 million people in the US. We have only had four periods of time where we had negative consumption growth since 1950. Four periods okay. We are in one of those periods today. Will that resume? Hard to say, but eventually, I don't think so. And the proliferation of SKUs, we choose a lot more products today than we did way back then. And we will likely choose more in the future. All of those things complicate and grow the supply chain. And we believe that all of those things will continue again. And again in the Appendix, we put in some statistics on consumption, and we put some statistics in on population growth which we think in the US will drive our business long-term. We have also seen declining occupancies. Just a tad above 90% today. Is it heading in the wrong direction? Absolutely. The flip side of that is, if you look at a 25-year chart, there has only been two times in 25 years where it has gone below 89%. Could we go below 89% this year? Of course. Are we expecting to? Don't know. But why is this? Why is it that the occupancies haven't gone below 90%, generally speaking. Because not only has there been demand growth, but the interesting thing about the industrial business is that you can cut off supply within a very, very short period of time. It only takes six months to build a building. Therefore, you're not out there that long when the market turns down, and that is exactly what we are seeing. If you go to the next page, into '06 and '07 things pretty much in balance. Deliveries on the left, and absorption on the right. Did they get out of balance last year? Of course. Was it because we built more space than we needed to? Not really. It is because demand fell off the chart. And of course, it is still out of balance because deliveries are finishing up into this year with 24.8 million square feet vs. negative 18.8 in absorption. The flip side of that, and this may be hard to see, I don't know. But these are the deliveries on the left side of warehouse space over the last 25 years. And you can see on the far right part of that chart, we actually think the deliveries will be less than 60 million square feet, which would make it one of the three smallest years in delivery. Not withstanding the fact that the overall stock is double what it was way back. But deliveries are extremely low. So if you look to  chart those deliveries on the right chart, relative to the total stock, there is only one other time in history last 25 years where the deliveries have been less than 1% of the stock. And so, we are really, really undersupplied. And if you go to the next page, even more profound. Let's forget about deliveries, but let's look at just starts. Starts in the first quarter, we have rounded to two. It was actually 1.6 million square feet in the first quarter. If you annualize that, you're less than 10 million square feet. I am going to tell you something. Never in modern history have we ever seen, since the 1950s in the US, a point where starts were this low. Never, and so, why are we positive about the overall prospects for the business? First, in the US and Canada, what drives the business US, Canada, and the UK? It is GDP growth, without question. But in addition to that, it is product obsolescence. We expect 1% to 2% product obsolescence per year, i.e., driving demand. There is 6 billion to 7 billion square feet of space in the market place. That creates demand of 60 million to 120 million square feet per year just to cover product obsolescence, we are at zero this year. Virtually zero, longer term this will catch up. But the other interesting thing is in Western Europe and Japan, they are not even focused on GDP growth. What has driven our business in Japan? With zero GDP growth in seven years, how did we build a $7 billion business? We built it there because there is a huge shift from ownership to leasing. And there is huge product obsolescence there. That will continue in the future. We think this obsolescence abroad is two to three times what it is in the US, and third, GDP growth. Have we taken a pause? Yes, we have taken a pause. Have these trends stopped? Absolutely not. And in Central Europe and Mexico, you have got to remember, that in those markets, new companies are expanding into the market. That is driving growth. And increased domestic consumption, with the wealth effect, that is driving growth. And then a lack of existing product, that is driving growth. Forget about growth in the economy. These are things that drove our business in the last 15 years. These are things that will continue to drive our business, moving forward. As we look ahead, there are risks, and there are opportunities. Near-term, on the risk side, overall market conditions may deteriorate. Might they? Of course they might. This is a very tough market to predict, without question. But I will say this, I think we have predicted this year so far, what we see in the first quarter, pretty well. Lease-up in our development pipeline, could it be slower? Absolutely. Do we think it will be materially slower from being substantially leased at the end of 2010? Not at the moment. Flip side of that is, we do have near-term opportunities. We will lease the $2.6 billion that we have in our pipeline that is not leased today. And when we do, you can put a number on it. 6%, 7%. Some return on it. You're going to generate anywhere from $150 million to $200 million depending on your numbers, of additional FFO. That is tremendous growth, in and of itself, for us. And that is paid for, and it is on our balance sheet. We will also see new fund formations because the opportunities that I just described throughout the world are beyond our capital capability. Longer term, we see the sustainability that I just mentioned of the demand drivers that they will re-emerge. And we see that our global platform today that is still there will capture a more and more significant share of the market as we believe some of our competitors won't be around tomorrow. And let's not forget the monetization of the $2.5 billion of land that we have on our balance sheet. The bad news is that we have $2.5 billion of land, but the good news is that it is paid for on our balance sheet. We are capitalizing no interest on this land today. And interestingly enough, we are beginning to see opportunities where we are working on transactions today. I believe that by the end of the year, there will be at least $100 billion to $200 billion of this land that will be put in place and actually returning a reasonable return on the investment by the end of the year. We will also look to monetize some of this land over time. But it is clearly an opportunity. And so with that, I am going to turn it over to Bill to talk a little bit about our financial results.
Bill Sullivan: Thanks, Walt. I am Bill Sullivan, Chief Financial Officer. Before I begin, I would just like to thank Ted for wearing a tie today. And we might give him a round of applause at the end. I am going to cover three aspects of the company's financial position. A summary of our Q1 results, and our guidance for the year, with an emphasis on the impact of our recent equity raise. Number two, our financing activities since the end of Q1, as well as review the progress on both our balance sheet and fund debt maturities in 2009 and 2010. And three, an overview of our targeted asset contribution and sales activity for 2009. 2009 is going to be a confusing reporting year due to the change in our business model, compounded by our recent equity offering. First, let me try to provide some insights to our Q1 results. We reported $0.86 in FFO after adjusting for $0.04 of net non-cash gains, very much in line with our internal expectations. After taking out CDFS gains in various non-ongoing costs, our core FFO per share was $0.32, equal to Q1, 2008. On a pro forma basis, taking our recent $1.1 billion equity offering into account from both an interest expense reduction standpoint, and a total share count of approximately 440 million shares, the core FFO per share, would be approximately $0.23 for the quarter or $0.92 on an annualized basis. Bear with me, and I will try to get you back to the core run rate, in another fashion, in a minute. First, let me try to level-set fiscal year or full-year 2009 guidance. Our original guidance for 2009 was a range of $1.85 to $2.05 per share based on approximately 270 million shares outstanding, and a total range for FFO of $495 million to $550 million.. The underlying expectations, utilized to arrive at that range, have not changed in any material respect. We need to now adjust this guidance for the equity offering, which will increase FFO by an estimated $26 million to $40 million through de-leveraging, increasing total FFO to a range of $521 million to $590 million for full-year 2009. The weighted average shares, for 2009, will be approximately $398 million resulting in a revised range of $1.31 to $1.48 per share, for the year. Turning back to the pro forma core run rate, if we subtract the net gain of approximately $160 million from the Japan fund interest sale, from the revised 2009 FFO range, we get to pro forma FFO of $361 million to $430 million. Taking into account, the 440 million shares, this results in an annual pro forma FFO run rate of $0.82 to $0.98 per share, or $0.90 per share at the midpoint. This core FFO run rate does not reflect potential FFO from further lease-up of the development portfolio or other growth initiatives that we will pursue. Let me turn to our balance sheet and liquidity position for a few minutes. We were very busy from last November through March 31st, as Walt described earlier. Our focus on liquidity and deleveraging did not stop there. Since April 1st, we raised $1.1 billion through our equity offering. We retired $280 million of debt at a discount, delevering by over $110 million; lined up $344 million in US Lifeco Financing, and just signed a term-sheet on an additional $45 million plus secured financing, in Japan. Turning to a summary of sources and uses, this slide is way too busy to walk through this morning in detail. But let me try to simplify it a little, and cut to the chase. We generated well over $1 billion of liquidity in Q1, reducing our global line of credit, by $1.3 billion since year-end. We believe we will generate an additional $1.6 billion of liquidity during the remaining three quarters of 2009, providing us with sufficient liquidity to repay all but $226 million of the debt maturities through 2012. Two important points to bear in mind, this assumes no incremental asset sales, contributions, or secured debt financing beyond what I have talked about earlier. The $226 million would equal just 1.9% of our unencumbered asset pool. Let me walk quickly through our near-term balance sheet and fund debt maturities. On balance sheet, we have $311 million maturing in 2009 and $2.2 billion maturing in 2010, inclusive of the $1.9 billion outstanding under our global line of credit. The $311 million maturing later this year is more than covered by the $344 million of secured financing we are in documentation on. Not even taking into account, the TM paid bond financing underway. For 2010, we have $250 maturing, exclusive of the global line of credit. This will be paid through either incremental secured debt financings, or existing balance sheet liquidity. Relative to the global line of credit, we have engaged with our lead banks to recast and extend this line with the intent to reduce the overall $4.4 billion commitment to approximately $2.5 billion, extend the maturity to 2012, and potentially 2013, and bring the covenants more in line with our bond covenants. We are hopeful to conclude this effort before the end of Q2. Relative to the fund debt maturities, at March 31st, we had remaining maturities of $1.07 billion for 2009 and $3.1 billion for 2010. Looking at 2009, in the past 30 days, our funds have paid off or refinanced $700 million of this debt. Leaving the $411 million [NAPE 2] loan, as the only sizable maturity as of April 30th. We have been in discussions with Citi on this debt over the past 60 days or so, and have reached an agreement on a 5-year extension of this facility, subject yet to documentation. In looking at 2010, the two big funds I want to focus on are PEP II and PEPR, which have $1.1 billion and $1.6 billion maturing, respectively. Taking PEP II first, this maturity is the warehouse line. PEP II has nearly $2.9 billion of unencumbered assets at March 31, 2009. We have executed term sheets on over $300 million of secured financing, and. another $800 million of financing packages out to various European banks; over $500 million of uncalled equity, above and beyond our contribution capital expectations for 2009. And have engaged the banks in discussions to extend the facility for two years, as a belt and suspenders approach. PEPR is a little more difficult, but we are highly focused on resolving PEPR's 2010 maturities this year. We are in documentation on extending the [hypo] real estate facility for three years. We have engaged the lead banks to extend the bank line for a two-year period. And we intend to payoff the CMBS debt through a combination of retained cash flow, realization of an existing FX hedge, asset sales, and secured financing. The cash flow and FX hedge will generate over $200 million and is totally in our control. While the asset sales and secured financing are both in process and are targeted to generate over $600 million of proceeds, $300 million of which is either under contract, or under an executed term sheet. Finally, it is important to note that PEPR has over $2.8 billion of unencumbered assets. We have some wood to chop here, but are just as focused here as we have been on PLD's balance sheet. Let me quickly run through our asset contributions and sales targets for 2009. We are guiding to total gross sales and contributions of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion for the year. This breaks down as follows. $900 million to $950 million of assets to be contributed or sold through our third party funds, of which $725 million, plus or minus, is targeted for PEP II. Of that, we closed $131 million in the first quarter. We have $538 million of assets within our development pipeline that were greater than 93% plus lease at March 31st. And of that, we have contributed $42 million in April. We are targeting $75 million of contributions for the Mexico fund for 2009, of which at this point, 47% plus is greater than 93% leased. And we closed on a $128 million sale of [Giloges Park Masado 2] to GIC just about a week ago. We are also targeting asset sales of between $650 million and $700 million for the year. We closed on $5 million of that in Q1. At March 31st, we had 80% plus of that either under contract or LOI. And of that, we have closed $50 million since the end of Q1. Relative to our expected contributions, we have more than sufficient unfunded equity in each of the PEP II and Mexico funds. Finally, let me conclude by summarizing what we have accomplished from a deleveraging perspective. At 12/31/08, our total funded debt to total undepreciated asset ratio was 52.4%. On a pro forma basis today, this ratio is down to 43.3%. And given our continued 2009 liquidity activities, we are hopeful to reduce this to around 41% by year-end. Thank you. Let me turn it back to Walt, to wrap up.
Walt Rakowich: Thank you, Bill. In summary, we think we are making great progress. Great progress on the financial front. I hope you all agree that we have chopped a lot of wood in the last six months. We still have a little more to go, but we have made a lot of progress. The operating property performance again is down, but clearly, within our expectation. We are not surprised by anything we saw in the first quarter. Our development pipeline and our land bank for that matter. But our development pipeline is leasing up. Our land bank and our development pipeline without question, which represent a powerful tool for future earnings growth. And I think we have got a great global business. Let's not forget what we have out there. We have got terrific assets. We have got high quality customers. And we have got the most talented people in the business. And that will continue. As Bill and I said in November, don't trust us. Just watch us. Hopefully, you all have watched us, and you're pleased with that progress. With that, we can open this up for questions. Thank you.
Melissa Marsden: This question submitted by Sloan Bohlen of Goldman Sachs.
Sloan Bohlen: You mentioned in your release that you were re-evaluating how you approach asset sales following the equity raise. Can you give us a sense of what that means both for the $700 million of wholly-owned and the $585 million of stabilized development that is either being marketed or is available for contribution? Is it a matter of cap rate or margin? And how do competing assets for sale in the market affect your timing?
Bill Sullivan: Let me take a quick shot. I walked through in one of my last slides the asset sales. Our expectations for the year have actually increased since the beginning of the year. I think we had originally guided at $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion growth. We have talked in the last 30 to 45 days about a slightly larger number. And, in fact, we are still targeting that number, which is $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion. However, we raised more in the equity offering than was originally planned. And so, from our perspective, we have the opportunity to take a look at things as the year progresses and cut back on some of that, if, in fact, a deal or two, tries to get re-traded. Or valuations go against us from the contribution standpoint. However, we are still targeting at the midpoint about $1.6 billion. And I walked through the pieces of that a minute ago. And we are on track to make that happen.
Unidentified Analyst: I was wondering if you can talk about FFO trajectory. You put up this whole slide of core FFO of 82 to 98, and there was some talk about it increasing as you bring on the developments and other sort of initiatives. But I am wondering if you can talk a little bit about the potential downside from that. You have $11 billion of debt at 4.8%. Obviously the refinancing of that debt overtime put aside the deleveraging impact, but just the refinancing of the debt is going to be coming at a much higher rate. And then, there is going to be further deleveraging. So talk a little bit about what that impact is going to have to core FFO? But also in the development pipeline, as you lease that up, I assume the cap interest is also going to come on to the balance sheet or on to the income statement. So that is going to depress you won't get the full benefit of it into earnings.
Walt Rakowich: Well, I mean there is a lot of things that I mean, funny when we were putting this slide together, the danger of putting that slide together is that you can't extrapolate that and say, well, that's what it is going to be because there are a lot of moving pieces. I mean, as you said there are positives, and there are negatives. On the flip side, one thing you didn't mention is capitalized, or is G&A. Because actually if you look at G&A next year, the run rate will be lower than it is this year even without regard to a little bit of capitalization that is in the numbers this year. And frankly, we believe that based on some of the things we have got going on, that actually there will be some development next year. It may not be with our own capital, but we have got meaningful progress in customers that want us to build them some buildings. So I think you will see either a capitalized portion, or you will see a fee portion that begins to float in that you don't see in the numbers this year. So it is really dangerous to take a look at it and just look at the downside associated with it. And say, well, there is no capitalized interest and the like. I think to be balanced about it, there will be things moving on one side. And then there will be other things that perhaps, either you know about or you don't know about today that will go the other way. Or that we haven't articulated. And we will just have to see how that all shakes out in the next year and when we give guidance for 2010.
Melissa Marsden: Please wait for the microphone.
Unidentified Analyst: Just a magnitude of the debt, I would assume is a big drag. Just because it is such a low rate, and eventually when you recap the line, I assume it is not going to be LIBOR plus 50. It is going to go up LIBOR plus 300 to 400. Refinancing all this debt is going to carry much higher interest rates than a weighted average of 4.8. And certainly, when you buy back the converts, it is going to be, you are not going to get convert pricing. So I am just trying to put a box around the refinancing and the deleveraging impact to FFO. And I can appreciate the development increases. But just trying to put everything together of where does core FFO go when we look out two or three years from an earnings growth perspective.
Bill Sullivan: Well, let me touch on a couple of things. And again you know, as Walt said there is going to be a lot of moving pieces. So bear with us on that. But in the grand scheme of things, when we went from the $0.32 (inaudible) etcetera. Keep in mind that that was first quarter results which carried much of that $11 billion of debt through the first quarter. And in terms of the convert interest, included in those numbers, is in fact the increased effect of the convert interest due to APB 14. So it is not coming in at 2%. It is coming in at 6%. And so the weighted average interest costs went up. And so a lot of that is already baked into that. The fact is that we are down to $9.3 billion of debt at the end of the first quarter. We think we will be down to, somewhere on the order of $7.5 billion or maybe slightly north of that, at the end of the year. And so the debt load is coming down substantially. We have talked about in the past, and I think we have proven out. We intend to delever. Our original target was $2 billion. And we are going to beat the pants off of that, relative to year-end 2009.
Walt Rakowich: I think the other thing I would add to that, too. If you're just focused on the interest costs in the numbers that Bill is putting up. Basically we are assuming that the savings and interest would be anywhere from a 2% to 4% return, I think it is. i.e., you paid down your line of credit. I'm not sure in reality that that is where we will completely deploy all of our capital. I think if you look at it, we would hope that we are going to get, if you will, a higher return on the equity raised than a 2% to 4% number. And so, I think that you really got to be careful extrapolating everything from just the slide that we put up. We tried to put it, so we could at least have this conversation. But there are, again, a lot of moving pieces, both pluses and minuses in the future. I do think one thing I will say is, I think the lease-up of the pipeline, which if you think that it is $150 million to $200 million of additional FFO is going to dwarf a lot of other moving pieces. Substantially dwarf it, from here.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, hi. As the supply of credit has shifted over from like the CNBS market into the Lifecos, could you give us just a little bit of background about what you're finding from them? What the difference in the terms are? It really seems to be, quite frankly, three months ago people thought there was no credit available. And now there seems to be a source of it. So it would be very interesting to know what you're seeing in that?
Bill Sullivan: Yes, let me just comment on that. Well, first of all, we never did any CMBS in the US. We did a couple of CMBS issuances in Europe through PEPR. But focused on the US Lifeco market, if I try to put things in perspective, if you went back two years ago, the sweet spot for a Lifeco deal, in terms of size, was probably $250 to $300 million per deal. And if you went back to 2008, remember in 2008, throughout our funds, etcetera, we placed over $3 billion of financings within the system. And so, we have a fair amount of experience with it. But the average size, the sweet spot for the deal went down to about $150 million to $200 million in 2008. As we have come into 2009 what we are finding is, the sweet spot in terms of size for a deal in the US is somewhere around $100 million. And so the absolute magnitude of any one deal has come down. It actually plays pretty well for the industrial sector. Because we can package up 15 or so assets and give people geographic diversity and credit tenant diversity in a secured pool. And that is a relatively good thing. In terms of overall terms, on the three financings we have rate-locked on, one is $100 million deal at a five-year interest only, 6.5 coupon on it. The $222 million deals are 10-year interest-only at 7.55%. The Japan financing is going to be well under 5%, and it is a three-year deal which is sort of typical for the TMK bond financing. And I just take it across the pond to Europe. Again, candidly the average size of the deals in Europe. Two years ago, people were looking to put on EUR 200 million and EUR 300 million deals. And the absolute sweet spot today is EUR 50 million to EUR 75 million. Unfortunately, we have got to work a little harder, in terms of each of the deals. But what we are finding is, that there is credit available. I think that that will shut off at some point during the year. It always does. In 2008, the market went away in October, and shut off for the year. And so we are not wasting any time getting done what we want to get done in anticipation of maybe an earlier shut-off this year than in past years.
Melissa Marsden: We will take a question from the web from [Kebin] Kim of Macquarie.
Kebin Kim: This quarter you separated out $10.6 million as investment management expenses. Does this come out of the G&A bucket or other line items? And what is your expected 2009 G&A run rate.
Bill Sullivan: Well, what we have tried to do, and hopefully you will get better insight into our Q1 10-Q. As we talked about, we have eliminated the CDFS business segment. And we are re-segmenting the business in essence into the core operations and then the investment management business. And we will break out core operations on a geographic basis and the investment management business separately. And in that vein, what we hope to do, if not in the first quarter eventually, is fully allocate all the expenses in that segment analysis. And so, we have gone through the exercise of identifying the specific costs associated with the investment management business. So if you look at the roughly $10 million assigned to the investment management business in the first quarter, about $5 million of that came from what otherwise would have been classified as real estate expenses. In essence, expenses associated with managing the properties. And then about $5 million came out of G&A expense on that line item which is the direct cost of the investment management people focused on the asset management and oversight of the portfolio.
Ann Anderson: Hi, Ann Anderson with Regrowth and Income Monitor. My question has to do with what is actually in the distribution centers. Can you break it down, roughly, between retail channel versus manufacturers' inventory? And also give us a sense of how that defers between North America and Europe?
Bill Sullivan: What is physically in the centers themselves? Essentially you're looking at a large portion of our customers are third party logistics companies. And they will have a myriad of product within their center. However, then you get into consumer goods food, apparel. All of that blends into retail. Very-very limited automotive and supply and building and furniture. Very limited in that regard. That is pretty much what makes it up. There is wholesale in there. And particularly on the consumer goods and the food side it break downs between wholesale and retail.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. I was wondering, looking at the size of the development that you have left to lease up, I am wondering what kind of conversations you're having with your existing tenants in terms of further expansion on their part? And how much of that space you think they are going to take versus new business that you're going to have to go out and try to either steal or raise, given the economic environment where it is at right now.
Bill Sullivan: We are clearly always trying to expand existing customers in facilities. In this environment, there are relatively few companies that are actually expanding, so that is not a huge area of opportunity for us. But because we have got customer relationships throughout the world, I think about half, maybe a little more than half of the leasing that we will do, we anticipate doing with customers that are already in ProLogis buildings elsewhere throughout the world, or that we have relationships with. I think we are probably going to end up being somewhere in the 50% to 70% repeat customers.
Unidentified Analyst: Are you giving any kind of discounted rent to try to attract them to take more or concessions to get that business?
Bill Sullivan: Absolutely. I mean, the market is very competitive. We are very focused on collecting rent. That is the business we are in, collecting rent. And today you need to be more aggressive certainly than we were last year or even six months ago to keep our buildings full.
Walt Rakowich: And actually I would just add to that. I would say the edict beginning late last year was, solve for occupancy, not rents, in general. And, I think that our people have done a remarkable job in doing that. And the other thing that we have done is, it is interesting, because most of the customers are looking for this today, is going shorter term. It used to be that you didn't want to do less than a five-year deal in a new development building, maybe a four-year deal. But today if somebody wants to come in and come in at a reduced rent, perhaps it is a little bit less than market. But if you get them to come in for two years, the good news is that eventually you do believe that they are coming in at a pretty low rate. And you can play that game to a certain degree. You get them in the door. You get some cash flow in the short run, and you got some rent upside. Unfortunately what we don't like to do these days is cut a deal at a deep discount, on a long-term basis. I mean that probably doesn't work all that well. If we have to, we will. But it plays better to do a shorter term lease, if you have got a big discount.
Melissa Marsden: Our next question comes from Mike Mueller of JPMorgan.
Mike Mueller: I believe you said average occupancy for the year would be about 91.5%. Please correct me if that's wrong. Are you operating under the assumption at this point that 2010 occupancies will be flat, lower, or higher than '09? And also, in response to the questions, please speak louder into the microphone.
Walt Rakowich: What we said was we thought that, Mike how are you, first of all? What we said was we thought that the average occupancies would be down 150 to 200 basis points. We started the year at 94.7%. The good news we started the year at very, very well leased numbers. And so if you're down 150 to 200 basis points on average, by definition if you straight-lined it down and you assumed that occupancies went down the entire year, you would be, call it 300 to 400 basis points down from a 94.7% number. So, you would actually end the year at roughly 90.5% to 91.5% lease. Now again, one thing you got to be careful looking at the numbers, which I mentioned in the presentation was that 30 basis points of the decline was just taking Japan out of the numbers. And another 25 to 30 basis points was seasonal demand which we see always in the first quarter. So if you strip those two numbers out, basically occupancies were down probably a little over 100 basis points. And that is the way we kind of think about it. So if that's right, pretty much what we thought going into the year looks like it will pan out. Meaning that the year-end occupancies would be in the low 90s some place. 90.5%, 91.5%. Again, we are going to continue to look at it as time goes on, but that is kind of the way we see it today. Did that answer Mike's full question? What was the second half?
Melissa Marsden: It was to speak more loudly.
Walt Rakowich: Hopefully, I spoke more loudly, Mike.
Unidentified Analyst: With respect to the Lifeco financings, can you provide any color around loan-to-values? And what kind of underwriting valuations you are putting on those?
Bill Sullivan: Yes. Basically, we are doing deals anywhere from probably, 48 to call it 58, loan-to-values on those. And the cap rates relative to valuations range from 8% to 9%.
Dave Fick: Good morning, Dave Fick, Stifel Nicolaus. You basically just acknowledged that you're buying occupancy, can you talk about how that is affecting the yields on your development? And are you seeing tenants transfer out of existing properties into the newly developed properties?
Bill Sullivan: I don't know that I described it as buying occupancy. We are being competitive. I mean, it is a competitive environment. I think in a lot of industries. And we are competing. It is absolutely affecting our development yields. Our development yields aren't going to be as high as we had underwritten or anticipated. The contributions that we intend to make this year that we are projecting to make were still at a break-even-type level. We are certainly losing our profit, and there is absolutely going to be some transactions where we will do worse than that. But what we think we will be contributing this year, we should be at about break-even. In terms of tenants going from existing buildings to new development buildings, we are not seeing that yet. I don't know that we will necessarily see that. We certainly aren't targeting to pull tenants or customers out of one building and putting them into another. We are trying to accommodate whatever makes sense for the customer. There are situations where customers want to get out of leases in one location in the world and move into a building in somewhere else in the world. And it is just their businesses are changing, and we are trying to work with them and accommodating those changes. And I think we have got great customer relationships, and we are able to capitalize on those opportunities when they come up.
Walt Rakowich: And I would say, Dave to add to that, I mean, look, if we were planning for a 8% to 9% development yield in the US before, pro forma? I think you could assume that that deal is going to be anywhere from 5% to 15% below what we originally thought. Candidly, so, an 8% to 9% it would depend on the city and all those things of course. And I think Europe was probably the same thing. So to think about the lease-up of the development at a 7% number, or 7.5% number is something like that. Which would be, call it, as I said, 5% to 15% below our original performance probably not too outlandish in this market.
Bill Sullivan: Hang on, David.
Walt Rakowich: We got the microphone coming down.
Dave Fick: I didn't mean to mischaracterize the words buying occupancy. But you did specifically say we are trading rate for occupancy.
Walt Rakowich: We did.
Dave Fick: I think that is fair.
Bill Sullivan: Would you rather we not do that?
Dave Fick: Well, I think it is a fair characterization. The issue is, what could this mean in terms of additional impairments? Given that I think you just said, a 7% yield, against sale cap rates that are substantially higher than that.
Walt Rakowich: I don't think the sale cap rates are substantially higher than that for new product. Not at all, as a matter of fact. If you look at first quarter contributions into the European fund, they were completely break-even. And, by the way, that is with adding 75 basis points on to the appraised cap rates. And appraisals are beginning to catch up to reality. And so, no, at this point, the only data point we have is first quarter. We didn't lose any money on the contributions. We didn't make any money either.
Bill Sullivan: Just to add to that, I mean we have a partial datapoint in Q2 because we have had a Q2 contribution. But I mean, candidly, our appraisals came in for both Q1 and Q2 contributions in Europe at just above 7.5%. And we added the 75 bps that we agreed to with the fund partners to that. And so contributed it at around 8.25 or plus or minus which in essence was at our development yield on those properties. And so, we have had those contributions. We basically broke even on those contributions. But we generated liquidity and have utilized that.
Melissa Marsden: Okay. Brendan?
Unidentified Analyst: You talked about your capital sources for the year, and how that addresses your needs through 2012, and how that would get you to a debt to gross asset valve in the low 40s pro forma by the end of the year. Is that where you see the business running on a long-term basis? Or should we expect additional deleveraging efforts next year? Or do you feel like by the end of the year you're at a point where you could start to spend some additional capital to try to realize some return on the non-income-producing assets that you have now got on your balance sheet?
Walt Rakowich: Yes, we have conversations internally about this all the time. And one of the long-term questions that you have to ask is, where do you want to be from a debt rating standpoint? We clearly would like to be higher than we are today. But you know that BBB plus range would be a target. As the credit markets evolve, we will have to see what it takes to get there. And whether it makes sense to try to move that up into the A range? And what it takes to get there. In the grand scheme of things, 40% or thereabouts, in terms of just that metric is probably what we are targeting on the long-term. If there are opportunities that present themselves, we will try to take advantage of those. But low 40s, high 30s, is probably a good target over the long-term.Well, the other thing I would say is, and I know that a lot of the ratios are calculated off of book. But in reality, let's face it. The whole market is deleveraged because the perceived values are less today than they were a year ago. Now you could argue whether or not the perceived value is less than our book value, and every breed is a little bit different. But I would say that, if values over the course of the next 12 months continue to go down in a relatively precipitous fashion, that would change the way that we look at it without question. Not withstanding, forget about the fact that the book value didn't change, the real values did. And we would view ourselves as probably too highly leveraged at that point again. And we would have to take another look at it. Do I believe that is going to happen? I actually don't. What we see a lot of in the markets today, is stabilization. When we went out with our package, we were shocked. We went out with our $1 billion dollars package in US. We had 87 offers. Now they were all over the map. But there are people out there that want to buy this stuff. And actually, you know at the end of the day, quite frankly, in what we think is a distressed time, the cap rates came in at single digit-type numbers. So the worst of everybody's fears, I think, were just that. They were fears. And in reality, I think that one of two things is going to probably happen in the course of the next couple of years. Either cap rates stabilize and maybe even come down a little bit, or we will get back to a point where we see rental growth, because you can't if you look at the whole portfolio at an 8 or 9 cap, it is probably 30% below replacement cost. Nobody is going to build a thing out in the market for anybody if there is growth until we see rental growth or we see something change in the market place. If that all does pan out over the course of the next couple of years, strangely enough, you might look at 42%, or somebody might, and say, boy, these guys look underleveraged. Will that change the way we look at it? Probably not. But it depends on the market conditions that occur, looking out. And we are just going to have to move with the market. Right now, we feel a lot better about the number at 42 than we did where the number was six to nine months ago.
Bill Sullivan: And you know I would just add to that obviously, a fair amount of empirical evidence that we have is in the US relative to our own portfolio sales. But to put things in perspective, we have had two sets of appraisals in Europe so far. And you may have seen PEPR released its data yesterday. We have an asset sale program for PEPR as well. We have about EUR 115 million portfolio in the contract at a relatively attractive cap rate. In the grand scheme of things, we are seeing more and more empirical evidence. On the same side in Japan, every indication we have gotten from both sales as well as appraisals is in that 5.7% cap range. And so, the dramatic increase hasn't flowed through. That we have expected.
Walt Rakowich: Yes, and I would say one other thing. It is interesting our asset sales that we are doing in the US today. At the end of the day, we will generate probably somewhere in the neighborhood of a 10% to 15% premium to our book value, gross book value. And so, some of what you see on the books is, if you will, undervalued even at today's prices.
Unidentified Analyst: I mean just given that it is difficult to figure out where that value is, are you thinking about it from a debt yield perspective, or something like that, from a long-term capital ratio?
Bill Sullivan: It was really tough to hear you.
Unidentified Analyst: Sorry. Just given that it is difficult to figure out where the values are? Are you thinking about your capital ratios more from a debt yield perspective? And where that would get you by year-end?
Walt Rakowich: Well, we have to. Your covenants require that there be certain amount of coverage. So, you have got to be cognizant of that as well. You got to look at all these things in the overall determination of where your levels ought to be on a long-term basis.
Melissa Marsden: I have an additional question from the Web. Your pro forma core 2009 FFO of $0.82 to $0.98, obviously excludes the Japan gain. Does it include other gains? Your prior business drivers guidance for 2009 noted $220 million of gains, $180 of which was Japan, and excluded from the $0.82 to $0.98 range. Is it correct to assume that your pro forma core still anticipates about $40 million of annualized gains in it?
Bill Sullivan: We will probably generate somewhere on the order of that. In increment. As we talked about, the sale of [Mosado 2], which took place in April, we are going to generate a gain off of that, but part of the empirical evidence on the cap rate environment in Japan. And so, and we will in the future, which we have said back at the end of the fourth quarter call. And so, clearly there are those opportunities. But that number also includes the development management fees, etcetera. And so, that is, in our opinion, largely recurring revenue sources.
Unidentified Analyst: If we can just go back to leasing environment. Your rental growth number that you quote, the negative 4.2%. Just remind us if that's cash or GAAP? And if it is cash, are you adjusting for free rent and your CapEx and TI trends? The volume of leasing, and what that represents that quarter? Or is it trailing 12 months? I just couldn't remember?
Walt Rakowich: Yes, Michael that is a GAAP number, not a cash number. I don't have the cash number. We can get that to you. I don't know that it is going to be materially different from that. But I am not sure I understood, could you repeat the second part of it? I am not sure I understood.
Unidentified Analyst: If it is GAAP, does that represent the leasing that was done in the quarter? Or is that a trailing 12 month number? The negative four number?
Walt Rakowich: That is just leases that basically turned in the quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Walt Rakowich: So, whatever new leases you did, whether it was a renewal or whether it was a new customer that came into a vacant space. That is the rent in place from a GAAP perspective. So it is rent-leveled, divided by the old rent-leveled rent that was in place from either that same customer or the prior customer.
Unidentified Analyst: So it is not leasing that was done in the quarter. It was leasing that was taking place in the quarter.
Walt Rakowich: It was leasing that was done in the quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Right, so it may effect future periods.
Walt Rakowich: It would affect future, that rental growth or lack thereof, will affect more future periods than it will that particular quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. And then just talk a little bit about the leases that you're signing. How much free rent if any are you having to give, and how does that change between the core portfolio versus what you're signing in the development portfolio? And just circling back to David's question of how does that really affect your development yield in terms of the type of leases that you're signing there versus the types of leases that you're doing in the core?
Walt Rakowich: Can I just say one thing before Chuck answers that question? If there were rent concessions free rent, for example, that is baked into that 4.19% negative rental growth. It is just the rents that you did versus the rents that were in place, taking into account rent concessions.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Bill Sullivan: Michael, how can I additionally answer that question for you? I am sorry. The concession levels vary from market to market. There is free rent in both the operating portfolio and the development portfolio. It really is a market-specific level of concessions. Ted, you want to allude to that or extrapolate?
Ted Antenucci: In the development portfolio, there are extreme situations, right? There are some markets where there is no competing buildings, and we are actually hitting our pro forma. And then there are some where there is a tremendous amount of competition. We are competing with five or six buildings. All of them can accommodate it. It is the first customer that has come along in a while. You can see as much as six to 12 months of free rent. We have been in environments where we have been competing at that kind of level. But, I would say that is the extreme far end. Three months of free rent would not be uncommon.
Unidentified Analyst: And if I can have one quick follow-up related to the development yield. Is there a difference between the yields on the stuff that is being contributed, versus the stuff that is eventually going to be held on balance sheet. So I assume at this point, all the US stuff is being held. And the Europe, Mexico stuff will be contributed, and I think you talked about that is probably going to be sold at par. And so there won't be any gains. And you will just get back your capital relative to your 20% stake. But I am just trying to think about now the stuff that's being held on balance sheet. How do those yields compare to what you were thinking about? How does that yield compare to where your cap interest is to really understand what that growth potential is as those assets come online and you lease them up.
Ted Antenucci: It is not easy to characterize in one number. It really is all over the board. I would say across the board, the lease rates should be accretive to cap interest. Certainly in aggregate, we are not leasing buildings for less than what we were capitalizing interest at. So I think that it's fair to say that there is clearly upside there. Some of the buildings, frankly, have been available more than 12 months. And we quit capping interest so that would be totally accretive. It is a mixed bag. We spent some time yesterday talking about that. We anticipated these questions, and I think we will work hard toward coming up with all of the inflows and outflows that will occur this year and try and give a better breakout of a run rate. We tried to give you an idea of a run rate excluding some of these things, and I think we will work hard toward giving you a run rate that incorporates the pluses and minuses.
Walt Rakowich: But again I want to get back to Dave Fick's question, Michael in the aggregate. I would say that if our average development portfolio in most places of the world with the exception of Japan was probably in the, I don't know, I will just pick a number, 8.5 to 9-type range. And the only exception to that again Japan, and maybe to a lesser degree, the UK, it wouldn't be beyond us to be 5% to 10%, maybe as much as 15% off that number in terms of pro forma. But we were capitalizing interest at a much, much lower number than that. So I don't think that should be too much of a concern, in terms of covering that.
Melissa Marsden: We will take a question from the web. From Cedrick LaChance of Green Street.
Cedrick LaChance: You have made notable progress in deleveraging the balance sheet. What actions will you take to delever some of your co-investment funds? How can equity be added to these structures, given that your fund partners are no longer required to commit capital in many cases.
Bill Sullivan: Yes. I think we walked through the debt maturities coming due in the funds. For all intents and purposes, we have taken care of 2009. In 2011, there are a smattering of relatively modest financings in about four or five of the funds, that are some of the older funds, that quite candidly, are well within reasonable loan-to-value ratios already. And I didn't touch on those, but I think we have demonstrated that we have the ability to refinance those types of things. We focused on PEPR and PEP II, which are the two biggest as it relates to 2010. And PEP II, relative to its outstanding debt is about 2.8 times relative to unencumbered assets to total debt. We are pursuing secured financings. On those assets, we have got three deals that we have got executed term sheets on already. We have got another five packages out. But the whole intent in PEP II was to put in place a warehouse line, that over time would be taken out by secured debt financings. And we are in that process right now. As I said before, PEPR, there is clearly a little more wood to chop on pepper. And it is experiencing some of the same phenomena that PLD and others experienced last fall which is you have a bunch of debt maturities coming up, how are you going to handle it? And we are incredibly focused on it. And we are handling it in a whole variety of ways by pulling the types of levers, in fact, that we were able to pull for ProLogis and pursuing it aggressively. And so, we think we are pretty confident, that we will get through that tunnel the same way that we got through our own. And so we are pretty confident. But in terms of, some of the funds may need incremental capital. You have to look at that on a fund-by-fund basis. We have, in the past in one instance for debt maturities coming up this year, it is a $14.5 million maturity in 2009. We are going to use cash flow from the existing fund to repay that maturity. It is a small maturity. And in other funds, we may call a smattering of capital, here and there. Or use distributions. Clearly inside PEP II, if the world were to decline precipitously, we have over $500 million of uncalled capital inside PEP II above and beyond our 2009 contribution expectations. So I think we have a variety of levers to deal with the fund financing environment. I realize, undoubtedly, these sound like big numbers. The fact is, it is over $20 billion of assets on demand. It is a big number. And so by the law of large numbers, we have dude a lot on an annual basis. And again, I think we have demonstrated that we have been able to do that in the past. The death and dearth of the financing environment is probably not as bad as some people think. We just have got to attack it aggressively.
Walt Rakowich: Cedrick, I would make a comment, and we have talked to you about this in the past. It seems like it comes up continuously. And I understand it's an issue of concern in the market. But look, let's put things into perspective. Hopefully, once and for all. These are not opportunity funds that were 80% and 90% levered, in which case a 10% to 20% movement in value has completely wiped out the equity. These were funds that were roughly 50% levered. And I know what you all do, you go to our supplemental, and you put an 8% or an 8.5% cap. Some of you, depending on how Draconian you want to get, even more than that. And you say, oh my gosh, now these funds are 70% to 75% levered. Well, most of the debt doesn't come due other than PEP II, which Bill has already addressed, and PEPR, within the next four or five years. And so you look at it and you say, okay, well wait a minute. What is the right cap rate that I apply to this thing, and if you apply roughly an 8% cap, you're probably 65% levered. Could you get that deal done? Is that able to be refinanced today? Yes, it probably is. But then you cut through to and you say, what is the cost per square foot relative to replacement cost for that fund that expires in four years or whatever it is. When you cut through it, it's probably $45 a foot to $48 a foot in the US, EUR 55 a foot in Europe. Wow, that's 30% below replacement cost. Or 20% below replacement cost. What I don't want people to do is get too uptight about something that expires in two or three years that might take a little bit of equity from ProLogis and our partner to continue to go. You know what? It might. But we are not talking about something where the equity is completely wiped out. And if you really cut through and analyze the numbers, you are talking about refinancing something that is probably 20%, 30% below replacement cost in terms of its value. Let's take a long-term perspective on this thing, which we are doing. And we are looking at it year-by-year. And we feel like we have made a whole lot of progress, not only this year, but toward our fund maturities next year. And we are going to deal with it.
Melissa Marsden: We have another question from the web. This one from Michael [Hanes] at Beach Point Capital.
Michael Hanes: Can you please address the fixed-charge coverage test in your credit facility? What do your internal models show with respect to how close you could come to violating those? Particularly, as in later quarters this year, you will have increasingly small contributions from trailing 12 months of development gains?
Bill Sullivan: Let me touch on that. Really the fixed-charge coverage test, that if you look through our covenant disclosures in Q1. The one that might jump out at you is the global line which is 1.88 versus a 1.75 coverage test. A couple of things, relative to that. First of all, on the bond covenants, we don't anticipate any particular issues with the bond covenants. The fixed-charge coverages are at 1.5. We think through existing FFO and cash flow growth, etcetera, it's a non-event. On the global line, I think it came in at 1.88. And we have talked about this in the past, these covenants are very difficult to understand and get into. But in the grand scheme of things, the first thing you need to know on the global line is this 1.88, however, there is a provision in the agreement that says if you were to break that covenant, under current GAAP accounting, then you go back to GAAP accounting that was in place at the time that the line was put in. And in fact, the 1.88 includes the phantom interest expense associated with the converts. And so we have on an annual basis, an extra $60 million or $70 million of interest expense in that covenant. Call that, on a quarterly basis, maybe $18 million of interest expense in the 1.88. If you went back to old GAAP, the 1.88 goes up to a 2.08. And so we feel a lot more comfortable in the grand scheme of things relative to the interest coverage ratio on that. Additionally however, and I briefly mentioned. Clearly, our intent is to bring the global line covenants more in line with the bond covenants. And so my desire and expectation is to bring the debt service coverage ratio to 1.5 in a revised bank deal. Just to make sure that we all have that room, that deal is not done yet, but we are working on it and focused on it. And that particular aspect of the discussions is not particularly controversial.
Melissa Marsden: And I know it is about 10 o'clock, and there are about five or six other calls starting right about now. So, we'll take two more questions from the audience?
Scott O'Shea: Good morning. Scott O'Shea with Northstar Realty. A quick question on the monetization of the land bank, are there steps you can take over the next, 18, 24 months to work that down? Or, is it effectively mothballed until the next upswing?
Bill Sullivan: Actually, there are steps we can take today, and we are taking them. There are still opportunities to sell land to users. There are opportunities to develop on a build-to-suit basis for users. We have done a few user sales already this year of existing buildings or pipeline buildings. I think we'll see more of that on a go-forward basis. There are joint venture opportunities on certain pieces of land where we bring in an investor to work with us on developing a property. There are build-to-suits for lease. One of which we are actually we just signed up where you can build a building. Bring in a take-out buyer and build it, and effectively sell it at completion where we wouldn't have the cap rate risk or financing risk associated with the transaction. And then there are some deals that we will do where the land value is significant enough that we would put up the land, go out and borrow 50% loan-to-value. Build a building, hold it on our balance sheet, and collect the rent. All of those scenarios with the exception of the third party investor would include some sort of a build-to-suit, at this point in time. We don't intend to take development risks, speculative risks on leasing. As build-to-suits come, and there are actually several out there. We will try and monetize our land in one of those ways. And as we sit here today, there are probably five or six opportunities that we are working on. That we hope to announce throughout the year.
Walt Rakowich: You know, Scott, and as I mentioned $100 million to $200 million. I really think that by the latter part of this year. That we'll have at least $100 million to $200 million of that $2.5 billion that we'll be either we will have sold or probably more likely, we would be generating a return on capital without putting our own capital in. And again, we will make announcements as they happen. But we are definitely working on it today. And I think that will accelerate in the next year.
Scott O'Shea: Thank you.
Bill Sullivan: Last question?
Melissa Marsden: Go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, along those lines of land inventory. How much of your debt is attributable to just land inventory? And also last year, I thought you had $3 billion of land inventory in China? Is that gone now?
Walt Rakowich: No. And none of the debt is attributable to the land. The debt itself, the land is on our balance sheet, and the debt is. It's not attributable to any piece of land. And no, we had about $254 million of land in China. Which when we sold our Chinese operation, the land went with it. And we took that out of the land balance.
Bill Sullivan: And I think equally or maybe more importantly, we are not capping interest on our land. So as time goes on, that basis isn't going up. We are not taking any phantom FFO off the land. We recognize the land is going to be a challenge for us in this environment. It's a big challenge. But it is geographically diverse, and it is interesting to me to see when you are as diverse as we are, there are isolated opportunities with different customers in different locations around the world. And as Walt mentioned, I think we are going to see that start and slowly accelerate over time. I think it's going to take us a while to get through this land. It's not going to be nothing for the next two or three years. We'll start working our way through it really this year.
Walt Rakowich: We would like to thank everybody for coming today and everybody that is on the webcast. Thank you very much. We look forward to reporting our progress in three months. Thank you again.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-10 03:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning everyone. My name is Matt and Ill be your conference facilitator today. Id like to welcome everyone to the ProLogis year end 2008 financial results conference call. Todays call is being recorded. All lines are currently in a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. After the speakers presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) At this time, Id like to turn the conference over to Ms. Melissa Marsden, Managing Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications with ProLogis. Ms. Marsden, please go ahead.
Melissa Marsden: Thank you, Matt. Good morning everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter, year end 2008 conference call. By now, you should all have received an e-mail with the link to our news supplemental and our guidance for 2009, but if not, those documents are available on our website at www.prologis.com, under Investor Relations. This morning, well first hear from Walt Rakowich, CEO to comment on the progress relative to our current initiatives and the overall environment and then Bill Sullivan, CFO will cover our results, guidance and refinancing activity. Additionally, we are joined today by Ted Antenucci, Chief Investment Officer; and Chuck Sullivan, Head of Global Operations. Before we begin the prepared remarks, Id like to state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the market and the industry in which ProLogis operates, as well as managements beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice and the risk factors in our December 30, 10-Q and our 10-K. Id also like to add that our fourth quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures and in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. As weve done in the past, to give a broader range of investors and analysts an opportunity to ask their questions, we will ask you to please limit your questions to one at a time. Walt, would you please begin?
Walt Rakowich: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning everyone. A great deal has happened since our third quarter results conference call. Many of you attended our meeting in New York last November, where we outlined our plan for de-leveraging and de-risking our balance sheet, while preserving liquidity. Well tough on those initiatives in progress into 2009 and intend to leave a substantial amount of time for Q-and-A. Bill will have more on our capital position, impairments and 2009 guidance in a moment. Now since our November meeting, weve taken action on a number of fronts. As you know, we halted virtually all new developments starts moving forward. We also stopped all early stage development, which resulted in a reduction in future funding obligations of $444 million. We cut our dividend to an amount, which more closely mirrored our estimated taxable income, saving $290 million per year and we began to right size the company by reducing our gross G&A expenses by roughly $100 million or 24%. Before the quarter ended, we accomplished some additional initiatives advancing our agenda further. We retired $310 million in bonds that matured in 2010. We reached a solution, which allowed for PEPR to generate cash and alleviated its future funding obligations through the sale of its PEP II units. We entered into an agreement to sell our operations in China and our interest in our Japan funds to GIC for $1.3 billion, which also saved us $239 million of future development funding obligations and we contributed roughly $1.3 billion of properties into various funds throughout the world generating a 14.5% pre deferral and 10.6% post deferral margin. I hope you understand how focused we are. We understand we have more work to do this year, but make no mistake about it; the difficult environment has our intention. Now, let me address the sale of our operations in China and our fund interest in Japan. This was not an easy decision. However, it was the right decision given the challenges of the current capital environment. We will miss our team in China and our departing colleagues in Japan. Theyve done a terrific job for the company throughout their years of service and we appreciate their dedication. Now, you will note that the transaction is closed; however the funding comes in two installments. This is due to the fact that audits through December 31, 2008 have not yet been completed. We and GIC believe this is a ministerial process that will be complete as soon as possible, but no later than early second quarter. Accordingly, in order to close the deal, GIC made a substantial down payment of $500 million with the balance due on the completion of the audits. In Q4, we took $198 million charge for the impairment associated with the China sale. We planned to book a gain of about $140 million on the sale of the Japan fund interest in 2009, as that is when the transaction closed. We also have closed our offices in India and the GCC and postponed early stage efforts in Brazil. We will evaluate re-entry into these markets at some point in the future, but for now, we are intense on strengthening our core business where we have a significant presence while mitigating risk and reducing cost. Moving into 2009, well be working on a number of new initiatives. As you know, weve set a goal to de-lever our balance sheet by $2 billion by year end and we tend to accomplish this in a number of different ways, some of which we can be more specific about than others right now. In addition to the receipt of all payments from GIC, which will generate cash of $1.3 billion, we intend to generate an additional $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion in proceeds, through contributions into funds, our newly formed joint ventures and outright sales of assets into the market. First, let me address contributions. Currently we have US $1.9 billion of third party equity capacity in our funds, which we plan to use in different ways. We will use the remaining capacity, equity capacity of about $150 million in our Japan fund to sell an asset to GIC this year. We will continue to contribute assets into our Mexico fund, which has third party equity capacity of $250 million and in North America and Europe weve made some changes to our open end funds investor agreements. In North America, weve reached an agreement on a one-year extension on the remaining outside equity commitments of $260 million through Q1 of 2010 in return for the elimination of the must-put, must-take arrangement. Our partners have expressed the desire to preserve equity in order to pay down debt if need be and/or take advantage of opportunistic acquisitions should they arise. The extension also allows for a postponement of any redemption request until March of 2010. As for our European open-end fund, which has third party equity capacity of approximately EUR 850 million or US $1.1 billion will continue to contribute properties throughout 2009. However, weve agreed to evaluation adjustment to the independent revalued cap rate on 2009 contributions. This was due to the belief that appraisals were lagging through market conditions. The incremental margin ratchet is down from 75 basis points in Q1 to 25 basis points in Q4 and the agreement provides for a catch-up adjustment at year-end 2010, should actual values at that time through higher than our contributed values. In all cases, weve worked closely with our fund partners to achieve outcomes that meet their objectives and still provide us with adequate liquidity to monetize assets this year. However, given the current debt markets, we are planning to make contributions in 2009 on an all equity basis. As such, the value of our development pipeline exceeds the equity available to take all future contributions. Therefore, our strategy is the whole much of the remaining development assets on our balance sheet as income producing assets, no different than our income producing assets that we held for year. Its out of this total pool of assets that we intend to satisfy our additional liquidity initiatives in addition to contributions. Were in discussion with third parties on a number of fronts; from potential joint ventures to outright sales. Our goal is to run a parallel course on several options, only some of which we expect to happen. As many of you heard, weve been marketing various portfolios of assets in the U.S. and have received a significant amount of interest on various subsets of those assets. Well have more on this as transactions evolve further. With respect to our efforts to de-risk our balance sheet, were making significant progress as well; between the Asias sales, Q4 contributions, reversal of our previously reported new development starts and a focused on our core business. Weve significantly reduced our development pipeline from roughly $8 billion at September 30 to $5.1 billion at year-end. Finally, let me briefly touch on market conditions. Yesterday, we put out our earnings guidance for the year, with our best guess of operating metrics; quite frankly this year is top to predict. Demand has slowed in all of our global markets, companies just arent moving much and we expect if some will contract. On the positive side, renewals will likely the above average; reducing downtime and turnover costs and new supply will be virtually shutdown. On the negative side, we expect occupancies will fall, perspective rents will be soft and lease terms will be shorter. How much, will depend on how long and deep this economic downturn is. Frankly, I feel good about the overall credit quality and diversification of our customers. This should help mitigate our risk; however, make no mistake about it, were brazing for it to be a tougher year on the operating front. Now, let me turn it over to Bill.
Bill Sullivan: Thanks Wal. I want to focus my comments this morning on five areas: (1) Our 2008 result for the principle emphasis on the non-cash impairment taken in Q4; (2) The formatting and informational changes in our subliminal; (3) Our guidance for 2009; (4) Our balance sheet and liquidity position and (5) Our decision to pay our Q1 dividend in cash. 2008 FFO, excluding significant non-cash adjustments with $3.68 per share, near the top-end of the range of $3.60 to $3.70 we provided on our Q3 call and in subsequent investor meetings. This target was met principally due to our fund contribution activity in Q4, which generated nearly $1.3 billion of growth proceeds and approximately $1 billion of liquidity after our co-investment in the fund. However, also in Q4, we incurred net non-cash impairment charges of $811 million, reflective of the very difficult economic environment as well as the sale of our China operations to GIC. The specifics of these are as follows: approximately $320 million associated with the write-down of various asset positions and goodwill in Europe, virtually all of which was associated with our Parkridge acquisition. $198 million in our China operations, as a result of these impending since closed sales of these operations to GIC. Nearly $275 million of direct owned real estate of which $197 million was associated with our land bank, principally in the U.K. and $78 million was related to development properties and pursue costs. $108 million associated with an impairment recorded by our PEPR European fund, upon the disposition of its investment in PEP II. These charges will partially offset by a gain of approximately $91 million associated with our successful December tender for the 2010 bond, wherein we retired $310 million of debt at a total cost of $219 million. Turning to the changes we have made in our supplemental reporting, obviously we have made major modifications. To quote and old friend of mine, following his involvement in the rollout of new coke everyone loves change unless it impacts them. I realize these changes affect all of you and so I apologize for that, but candidly I believe that revised supplemental enhances our overall disclosures and over time will simply the presentation and understanding of our company. Clearly, the biggest change in our reporting format is the elimination of our formal CDFS business segment. As we have stated since our investor meeting on November 13, our operating philosophy is changing. Our intent is to own and operate a geographically diversified portfolio of income producing assets on our balance sheet and grow our investment management business over time through acquisition activity as well as potentially undertaking future development activity inside the fund. As a result, we have classified our existing development assets as a part of our overall portfolio of long term hold assets. Make no mistake; we intend to create additional near term liquidity from both development assets and our formal long term hold assets, but we are agnostic as to whether that liquidity comes from contributions into the fund or third party asset sale. Upon the ultimate completion and lease-up of our development portfolio, though the assets that are not sold or contributed in the funds will become part of our long term hold asset; however, in order to retain transparency, we have broken out the development assets separately and will do so throughout 2009 and into 2010 if need be, to show just how we are doing relative to completions and lease-up. Disclosures on metrics such as square footage, investment amount, leasing percentages, same-store analysis and others remain and we believe its been enhanced. Additionally, particularly in light of the current environment, we have expanded our disclosures relative to both balance sheet and fund related debt. We are very open to comments, questions and criticism of the revised format. It is different, but we believe better. Next, let me cover our 2009 guidance. We are guiding to an FFO range of between $1.85 and $2.05 per share. The major drivers associated with this guidance, are average occupancy of 90% to 91%, down 150 to 200 basis points in the core industrial properties. Year end 2009 we think is a direct owned development portfolio 60% to 70%. The remaining spend of $885 million is in the development pipeline, of which approximately $800 million is expected to be incurred in 2009. Targeted property contributions and dispositions of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion, FFO gains of $220 million, principally from our disposition of the Japan fund interest and our disposition of one additional contingent plans to those funds and lastly, $320 million to $340 million of FFO from these and our share returns from the investment management business. There are five important points to take into consideration relative to this guidance and our ongoing FFO run rate. First, we do not expect to generate anywhere near the amounts of development gains that we had on the past. Our development for contribution business model has changed and is unlikely to return anytime soon. Second, while $140 million or $0.52 per share FFO gains from the Japan fund sale is not a reoccurring events, we believe the other $80 million of FFO gains can be achieved on an annual basis. Therefore and I am sure, many of you have already done the math; taking our 2009 FFO range and backing out the FFO gain from the Japan fund sale, results from the core FFO run rate of approximately $1.35 to $1.55 per share. Third, embedded in the cost for 2009, is approximately $73 million of non-cash interest expense, associated with the implementation of APB 14 related to the interest expense, on our convertible volumes. Of that amount, we expect to capitalize approximately $11 million in 2009 and the remaining $62 million will be a drag on earnings, thereby reducing FFO by $0.23 per share, relative to 2008 U.S. GAAP accounting. Fourth, relative to future growth potential, our challenge and our opportunity is that at 12/31/08, we have approximately $5.5 billion of non income producing assets on our balance sheet, comprised to $2.5 billion of land and 60% of un-lease space in our $5 billion development pipeline. Clearly from an operating prospective, our focus will be intense on leasing our pipeline, monetizing our land bank and completing the right sizing of the company, all of which overtime in a pondful implementation should add and additional $1.50 to $1.75 per share to our annual FFO. Finally, while we believe the ability to generate FFO and earnings is incredibly important. It is not our primary focus in 2009. In this environment, right sizing the company, generating liquidity, attacking debt maturities and simplifying the enterprise from both an operating and a transparency perspective, will be at the top of our new term agenda. Accomplishing what we want to accomplish may results in some substantial one time costs, none of which are embedded in our current guidance. If incurred we will update our guidance for 2009 accordingly. Let me turn to our balance sheet and liquidity as of 2008 year end. At 12/31/08 we were in compliance with all our debt covenants and intend to keep it that way. We had access to necessary $1.25 billion of liquidity between cash on hand and availability under our global line of credit. We will increase this liquidity by $1.3 billion as a result of the sale of China and the Japan fund. Additionally, we are targeting asset sales and/or contribution of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion in 2009. The total liquidity generation of nearly $2.7 billion will likely be offset by combined development completion expenditures and co-investments of $900 million to $1 billion this year, putting us substantial on track, to reduce our overall balance sheet debt by our targeted $2 billion by year end. Relative to our balance sheet debt at 12/31/08 we had $11 billion outstanding, of which $339 million matures in 2009. We expect to pay this off through a combination of cash on hand, secured debt financing or availability under our bank facility. Relative to our fund related debt, excluding the Japan fund debt, we have $1.4 billion maturing this year; 99% of which falls into one-to-four bucket. Bucket number one is $491 million in PEPR, for which it has sufficient capacity to refinance this debt through a combination of cash on hand, asset sale in the existing PEPR bank facility. Additionally we are currently in discussions with various German banks, relative to rising incremental capital. Bucket number two, is $314 million in the California fund, wherein we have term sheets from existing lenders to extend 100% of the 2009 maturity, for between one and five years. Additionally, we have rate locked on a new $100 million plus tenure financing, to payoff a portion of these maturity. Bucket number three is $454 million in NAV II, of which the city bridge loan represents 90%. We have had good discussion with Citi, relative to both the equity interests and bridge loan, but there is still wood to chop on this one; finally $167 million inside NAV III, the Lehman Statutory loan. We believe we have reached agreement among the parties to pay down a portion of this loan and extend the maturity for the three year period; however I will not count this one as done until all the documentation is execute. We are also clearly focused on 2010 maturities, both on our balance sheet and inside the funds, all of which will move up on the radar screen as we get into Q2 this year. Finally let me address the dividend. Our board declared a $0.25 per share dividend for Q1, 2009, which we will pay in cash, weather to pay in cash or pay in a combination of cash and stock is clearly one of the hottest topics in REIT land today. There is no right or wrong answer here. However we have generated good liquidity in the last few months and believe our investors came in with an expectation of a cash dividend. Our clear desire is to pay our regular dividends in cash; however given the current turmoil in the credit markets and the overall economy, we will review our position on this issue on a quarterly basis in 2009. With that let me turn it back to Walt to wrap up.
Walt Rakowich: Operator I think were ready to take questions please.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question today will come from Michael Bilerman with Citi
Michael Bilerman: Good morning. Bill was very helpful to through the 2009 debt I know. From 2010 you said its going to come up on the radar screen, but maybe you can just provider a little bit comfort. Obviously 2010 with the global line and within the funds youre totaling almost $7 billion of stuff to deal with and obviously a so much bigger amount then whats happening in 2009. Just share a little bit about how youre thinking about those plans and what capacity maybe there to refinance.
Bill Sullivan: Certainly Michael, let me talk about both. On the global line of credit, as we talked about in the past, we had a bank meeting in December at which point we said down with all of our banks and talked about our desires and goals. We didnt ask the banks for anything at that point, but well certainly get back to them in early to mid Q1 to discuss a review and an extension of the global line of credit. That is very high on our rider screen. We have been in conversions with the lead banks on that discussing terms and conditions etc, etc and we intend to attack that vigorously in the coming weeks and hopefully get a resolution to an extension on that facility and well past 2010, somewhere in Q2. So that is high on our radar screen today and we are active in those discussion. On the fund side, we have probably seven to eight different packages out to various long term lenders at this point. More than half of those relate to 2010 maturities, both in Europe and the U.S. and so we are active in those, but at this point in time given all the things that weve been working on and driving towards and we just closed China, Japan and so now we can turn our attention at least in the finance area, focus them heavily on the 2009 and 2010 maturities and so we are very focused on all of those. Again our primarily goal early in the year, first and foremost was to fix the 2009 and we think weve gone a long way in that regard and weve got a variety of decisions going on for 2010.
Walt Rakowich: And Michael this Walt, let me just add to that too. I mean we have to be really careful when were talking about refinancing $7 billion. $4.4 billion of that is the line of credit. We dont have anything near outstanding on that right now. I mean we have $3.2 billion, but thats exclusive of $1.3 billion China sale; thats exclusive of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion of pay down, much of which will come from contributions to our funds and we well talk about leasing and the like Im sure on the call. So we are not talking about refinancing $4.4 billion. I think at the end of the day, our hope and frankly the things that weve already disclosed to the market will take that number down substantially and so we wouldnt be refinancing $4.4 billion, well probably be refinancing in much lower number if you will.
Bill Sullivan: And thats part and parcel of the extension and review of that facility.
Walt Rakowich: Yes, I dont think anybody believes today that we need $4.4 billion out on our line of credits to run the company, so.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Biffert with Oppenheimer.
Mark Biffert: Good morning. I was wondering maybe Walter if you could talk about the leasing environment looking at what your tenants are saying, as well as when you look at your CDFS pipeline or the assets that you plan to contribute in 09, how that leasing is going and how you decide for between which assets that you plan on keeping on balance sheet versus contribution?
Walter Rakowich: Right. Im going to give a general comment and then Im going to turn it over to Ted to talk about the development pipeline which I think is probably the most pressing question, piece of the question I should say. First of all, its fairly interesting Mark. If you just took 12/31 as the snapshot and we were doing this normally 30 days afterward; Id say boy, surprising that what we see in the overall market is not that bad, but frankly youd be crazy to put your head in the sand and not look out to what (a) what were beginning to see a little bit in January and (b) what we think were going to see based on reading the papers. I mean we believe that occupancies will decline this year and we believe that rents are likely decline a little bit, because again it would be crazy not to say thats going to happen, but having said that we are still seeing activity in our development pipeline and let me just make a general comment about it and Ill turn it over to Ted. About half of our development pipeline in Europe is in central Europe and we are seeing, believe it or not, still really good activity there. We still have a good amount of our development pipeline in Japan and we are still seeing good activity there. So while we are seeing softness in the market and we expect to see softness in the market, the development pipeline is still leasing and so Im going to kind of turn it over to Ted and hell talk a little bit more about that.
Ted Antenucci: Mark, in terms of where we intent to contribute assets and where we intent to hold, we mentioned we do intent to do one more contribution in Japan and the balance of the contributions will likely be in Europe where we still have substantial fund capacity and in Mexico. In North America we dont anticipate fund contributions this year and interestingly not in Europe, in our current pipeline, weve got over $900 million worth of leased space, which matches up well with what we intent to contribute in 2009. So, theres not a lot of leasing necessary to achieve our goals in Europe for contributions in 2009. Of our total leasing we got about 36 million square feet in our development pipeline to get leased; about a third of that is in Japan; about half of that is in Europe and the remainder is in North America. In both as Walter mentioned, in Eastern Europe demand is still being reasonably strong and we still have great activity in Japan. If you were to talk to our people and we do on a regular basis, we have good activity on at least a third of the space that we have available on the market right now and if you take a look at our leasing over 2008, and extrapolate that into our current pipeline, theres a little over a years worth of inventory. If you were to look at it a little bit more cynically and say well, 2008 may not be reflective of the environment were going to see in 2009 and you took the fourth quarter of 2008 and extrapolated that, weve got about a year and a half to two years worth of inventory to lease out and I think were guiding people to somewhere between one and two years of lease-up of our current pipeline.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kei Vin Kim [Ph] with Macquarie.
Kei Vin Kim: Could you talk about your North American portfolio that youre marketing right now? How far along are the marketing funds or actually the sales funds and has that gone to with the end game being, actually signing goodwill?
Walt Rakowich: Ill let Teddy answer that question and ago ahead then.
Ted Antenucci: We started marketing that portfolio late in December 2008 and have received great activity. We have received over 80 offers at several different portfolios and we dont intend to sell all of the assets that we have offers on, but the demand has been significant and interest almost high. Obviously certain markets, the pricing is all over the map. We expect to conclude a sale or some sales sometime in the end of the first quarter or early second quarter and no pricing is going to come up, so we expect to see pricing in the single digits and thats where the competitive offers are right now.
Walt Rakowich: Id like just to add to that, weve seen a broad range of buyers and weve seen people come in at $25 million to $50 million and then we seen other people come in at $200 million plus and so they are all over the map and frankly as Ted said weve been encouraged and at this point in time well report back when we have more information to report back on.
Operator: Our next question will come from Louis Taylor with Deutsche Bank.
Louis Taylor: Thanks good morning guys. Bill, can you just go over the guidance again and it seems like there is roughly four pieces and so youre guiding to $1.85 to $2.05 with the Japan gain and other gains in there as well, but offset by the APB 14.1 expense in there. Is that correct?
Bill Sullivan: Correct.
Louis Taylor: Okay and then just as a follow-up; in terms of the $1.3 billion of sales that occurred or contribution to funds that occurred in Q4, how was that capital applied, did it repay debt, did it fund development? Because it didnt look like the debt and cash balances had changed materially at 12/31 versus say 09/30.
Ted Antenucci: Well on the grand scheme of things if you sort of work through some of the map on the funds put into the development pipeline, first of all of the 1.3 or 1.275, there was about $285 million used for various co-investment activities and so left about $1 billion and that was used for various purposes in terms of attacking the 2010 bonds, as well as expenditures on the pipeline and our expenditures on the pipeline have comedown now to a total of over $885 million left. So in the large part, in lieu there is a lot of little ins and outs here and there, but that takes off the vast majority of it.
Walt Rakowich: Yes Louis, when we met in November, recall that we had a cost to complete line item of around $1.7 billion I believe and that cost to complete is going from $1.7 billion to $885 million. So effectively the fourth quarter contributions paid for that, plus the other things.
Operator: Next well hear from Jay Habermann with Goldman Sachs.
Jay Habermann: Hey, good morning. Here its slowing as well. Guys did you walk through the development pipeline? You got the $5 billion currently in process; first, the $2 billion of existing partner equity and then of course you talked about keeping the additional $3 billion potentially on balance sheet or possibly looking at JVs etc, but I just want to walk through a few different scenarios. Number one, does this partially offset the $2 billion of de-leveraging that youre talking about and can you talk number two, about pricing of assets in Europe; and three, just update us on where you might stand as you look into 2010?
Ted Antenucci: Okay, well. Yes I guess let me start off by saying that in terms of the de-leveraging process, in essence Bill sort of took you through the map, but Ill kind of take you through the map again. If you looking at China, at $1.3 billion and youre looking at an additional set of asset sales, lets call it $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion, okay and youre talking about the completion of the development pipeline of call it $800 million this year; because keep in mind, we have $885 million to complete the $200 million and thats not going to be spent unless you lease it and so we dont expect to lease it all, so call it $800 million. I mean you substantially get there without any other activities. Now, if you take the $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion, you say gees okay, how of much of that is if you will sales off your balance sheet and how much of that is contributions? Ted just said a minute ago that we have leased already in Europe, leased $900 million, thats 93% plus already. So the point is that we feel like were pretty far along in terms of leasing and contributions, we just have to effectively finish up buildings, contribute them. So some of thats going to be in the form of contributions; some of it is going to be in the form of asset sales in the U.S., and some of it could be joint ventures in other areas of the world and the bottom line is if you take the two minus the development in completions you substantially get to where you need to get in terms of de-leveraging and were not talking about all the activities that weve got gone on, but thats what we have in front of us right now.
Bill Sullivan: Yes Jay, actually to be more specific, I did mention over $900 million leased in Europe and that is accurate. Of that $900 million, $620 million is greater than 93% leased, so I just wanted to clarify that one for you and then relative to pricing of assets in Europe, I think pricing of assets in Europe is similarly challenging to the pricing of assets in the United States. I mean theres just not a whole lot of transactions to look to. We talked about how we modify our arrangement with our fund partners in Europe to allow us to continuing to do contributions through an environment that is very challenging, relative to future prices, values. We have a system in place, were comfortable with that, were comfortable with how those values are going to be determine and we feel pretty good about our ability to contribute a substantial amount of assets. In Europe in a way thats going to stirred up, both ProLogis and its own partners and I think we made a lot of progress in the fourth quarter contribution and if you know our fourth quarter contributions overall, pre deferral margins were 14.5% and so even if you assume cap rates are moving by 50 to 100 basis points, youre still in the money on contributions on an overall basis.
Walt Rakowich: Let me just make one other point Jay, which I think is important if we get out. We do have $2 billion of partner equity thats out there. Having said that and we are going to rely on some of that, of course as a sources of capital in 09, but its a long term business and we are investment managers and our reputation is balanced; fund managers, managing the funds for investors is critically important to us. So, while there is that much equity in place weve got to look at each fund as I was saying in the comments. Discuss the strategy with them and come to a balanced solution and in some cases we may use some of that partner equity if you will to pay down debt, if thats the right solution within the funds, were going to do that and so we continue to look at that as a strategy as well.
Bill Sullivan: Just Jay in the last part of your question again, on the covenants we look at those intently obviously these days and as we look hard at our game plan for 2009, 2010 and beyond, we believe that the covenants will not present a particular issue to us, but thats all depended on what happens with the economy, what happens in a variety of different things, but again we think we have a pretty good coverage on that now.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Sakwa with Bank of America.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks good morning. I wanted to stay on the development scene for a minute. If you look at I guess page 3.2, you kind of layout about $3 billion of developments and I guess Im trying to understand since youre not moving to a strategy of keeping things on balance sheet, can you talk a little bit about the development yields. I guess thats something thats never really been focused on, its been more margins. Could you talk me about where the development yields are and Bill, what dollar amount do you expect to kind of bring on and keep on the balance sheet in kind of 09 and 10.
Walt Rakowich: Well, let me talk about whats going to stay on the balance sheet is anywhere from $3 billion to $4 billion of the $5 billion pipeline and I would expect to stay on the balance sheet and against part of that depends upon where we create the liquidity from some of the asset sales in the U.S. etc. and what are the joint ventures or funds may arise, but Id assume a minimum of about $3 billion and a max of about $4 billion out of the $5 billion will ultimately stay on the balance sheet.
Bill Sullivan: Steve the development yields as you know; I mean we are developing throughout the world. A significant amount of our development is in Japan where yields are substantial lower and so is debt and so I would say if you were to genetically take a look at our yields they are going to be between 6% and 8%, in different parts of the world, depending on where youre at and how that market looks. I mean in some of the markets we certainly under wrote higher yields and were not going to hit him, but I think if you were to use a 6% to 8% range in aggregate that would be a fair reflection.
Steve Sakwa: 6% meaning Japan correct?
Bill Sullivan: Yes.
Operator: Next well hear from Jamie Feldman from UBS.
John Peterson: Hi, this is John Peterson. Thanks for taking my question. Just can you talk a little bit about your decision to contribute to all the development through all the equity and kind of what perspective you guys have gotten from investors? Then kind of going along with that, if you think about your business model maybe 3 years, 5 years from now and youre ramping back up the development pipeline of the contribution business; can you talk about maybe what equity this year means in terms of the business model down the road and kind of what sort of things you did differently as you entered the business (Inaudible)
Walt Rakowich: Im sorry; the first part of that question again.
John Peterson: Yes, your decision to contribute that your development in all equities to your funds.
Walt Rakowich: I mean all equity from. Look, at the end of the day if the credit markets lighting up and are available there maybe a scenario onto which we put a modest amount of leverage on the contribution and expand the availability of capital inside the funds. In this environment from a conservative standpoint, our focused first and foremost in term of obtaining new permanent financing of which candidly there is more activity and more opportunity than some people may understand or realize, but our first focus is on de-levering, on replacing some of the 2010 maturities inside those funds and priming those out to a longer timeframe. So with that were intending to in essence de-lever the overall funds by focusing on all equity contribution in 2009. The second part of the question is long term, 3 to 5 years out are we going to ramp up development pipeline again.
Bill Sullivan: Yes, I would say John, first of all I really do believe that in good times, there are tremendous opportunities in terms of developing industrial, I think we all believe that, but I dont think that the opportunities will be there just to do it on our balance sheet. I mean theres more opportunities than there are funds available if you will to do it all on one balance sheet. So we are looking very, very closely today at frankly doing a lot more development inside of our funds. Its interesting; if you talk to our fund partners over the years, they would have loved to do development with us and frankly it was our choice not to do that and were not there today, but as markets recover and development does come back, clearly we are going to continued develop. I mean sure we have got in my view, the best development platform in the industrial business throughout the world and that would be crazy not to, but its really a question of how you do it and I see us doing it less a 100% on balance sheet and more if you will through our fund structure, aligning our interest with our partners such that they are doing development and they are doing acquisitions with us in the future and were leveraging off of our investment management platform and our platform of people to provide a service to those investment management partners over time.
Operator: Next we will hear from David Fick with Stifel Nicolaus.
David Fick: Good morning.
Walt Rakowich: Good morning Dave.
David Fick: Three part question, the retroactive adjustments and then the forward ratchets one the value adjustments that you have to make some of your fund contributions. I assume that those only go in one direction. Number two, should we assume any value in promotes from here. Youve talked a lot about that over the year, but I assume that within the impairments there is an implicit loss of those promotes. Then thirdly, sort of wrapped around all of that, Im sensing an inconsistency in how youre reporting and planning to report FFO. On the one hand youre out of the development business; on the other hand youre finishing up some development and youve consistently reported the gains in FFO, but going forward youre sort of selecting which assets are being sold and excluding from FFO and others that are being included in FFO, it just seems to me that if the development model is broken, why wont you just take that out of FFO entirely or is that just too cocooning for your multiple?
Walter Rakowich: David this is Walt. Im going to ask Ted to kind of hit the first one or Ted if you want to hit the promotes, I can hit that and then Bill maybe you can talk about the FFO.
Ted Antenucci: Yes, David Ill talk about the adjustments on the fund contributions. In meeting with our fund partners, theres clearly a concern about appraisal lagging the market and to try to address that what we did is we came up with a mechanism where we adjusted the appraisal pricing down throughout 2009, that 75 basis points in Q1, 75 basis points in Q2 and it goes to 50 basis points and it goes to 25 basis point, in Europe specifically and with a look back effectively in December of 2010, so that in December 2010 the values are not reflected, reflective of the contribution values and they are higher; we get to pick-up, a catch-up if you want to call it. So, weve kind of quantified our worse case scenario. Thats what you will see in terms of the numbers weve reported throughout 2009 and then there will be an upside to those numbers potentially depending on what appraised values come out at in 2010 and that was a way of kind of bridging a GAAP. That is this value adjustment is a short term downward adjustment, we have the ability to get hold and if its a permanent downward adjustment, our fund partner should treat it fairly.
Walter Rakowich: Dave in terms of the promotes, there is a promote in each of the funds. They depend on the years of course, that we negotiated the deal that we set. For example the open ended funds theres a promote every three years. I do believe that theres promote coming up in the NAF, the North American open ended fund this year and I believe theres one in PEP II next year. There is a promote every year that were eligible for in PEPR etc, etc and I would say youre right. I mean look, for the next year or two, I mean I dont know, we havent calculated it, but I think values are going to be down and a lot of those promotes are going to be based on value and they are going to be some year we get it and theres going to be some years that we dont get it and were not planning any promotes this year in our guidance and order and dont have any promotes in this sort of base numbers. So as I said, some years didnt get it, some years are probably not and we probably arent in a great position right now. So, we just got to see how that goes and then Bill maybe you could take the last part of your.
Bill Sullivan: Yes, Ill just add to that a little bit Walt and were not counting on it, were not guiding to it or anything else, but I mean looking at Q4 08 and into 2009, our fund partners are going to be getting these properties at a higher current return lower value, which candidly under the promote structures that are in place may offer an opportunity if markets settle back down to generate the promotes and so those opportunities may still be out there and enhanced quite frankly because of the current contribution values, but we are not guiding to, we are not counting on it, we are putting those to the side and well identify those opportunities as they arise. On the FFO front, the gain associated with Japan is recognition of previously deferred gains, which weve always recognized as FFO. The other contribution activity in 2009 again, when we contribute properties out of our development portfolio, we will recognize FFO to the extent that the contribution value is above original and so that activity will continue in the future. You will see us create in opinion, larger development management fees etc, etc, all of which are always in FFO. If you look at our reconciliation for 2009 from FFO, from net earnings to FFO, you will see that we have gains in there, targeted for this year, basically off of our sales of assets. Interestingly and we anticipate generating a significant amount of gains out of our sales of assets off our balance sheet this year, those do not go into FFO and so our long term hold assets do not our near-term or our development properties will and thats the way its always been treat.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Haley from Wachovia.
Chris Haley: Yes hi, good morning.
Walter Rakowich: Hi Chris.
Chris Haley: Hi Walt. If I may, I just recognized your limiting the questions; maybe just to throw out a few here for you and see what you can do. First, the 09 guidance does it reflect the pending North American asset sale. Secondly, on the fund appraisal adjustments Ted, recognizing that you made these basis point adjustments on a sequential basis, should we take that off of a current cap rate number and thats the new cap rate that will used in terms of an inflation factor, 75 basis points in each quarter for the first and second, then another 50, then 25 and then its static in 2010. The last question on the leverage ratios, when you look at debt-to total assets, currently in the mid to high 50s, Id be appreciative of your view; where you think that ratio; where youd like that ratio to be as we get into 2010, middle or later part of 2010 when the business models are little cleaner? Thank you.
Walt Rakowich: Let me take the first and the third and then Ted you want to take the middle part. The asset sales of the balance are in our budget and our plan for 2009, but they do not generate FFO, so they are not part of the 2009. As I mentioned with David Ficks question, we will generate or we expect to generate a gain off of those asset sales, but those hit net earnings not FFO. In terms of the debt ratios, the mid to high 50s, today thats higher than we would like. I think in the relatively near term and I dont know Chris whether you want to call that 18 months to two years, wed love to get that down into the 45% or below range. I think just in our game plan as it relates to 2009 and our de-leveraging plan, thatll probably end up somewhere in the very low 50s, potentially the high-40s and thats dictated off. We do intend to reduce debt substantially in 2009, but its also going to be off of our slightly lower asset basis as we contribute some funds and sell some asset. So, I expect that will end up in the low 50s at the end of 2009 and our goal is to get it substantially low.
Ted Antenucci: Chris, its Ted. On the fund appraisal process and the valuations, I think the way for you to look at it Chris is that our expectations; were going to be contributing at about cost in 2009. There are actually other assets to the evaluations that are not material, but do come into play and we do not have an obligation to contribute at below cost. So, for some reason, when you make the cap rate adjustment, if it came in at a below cost, that would not trigger an obligation for us to contribute. It would allow us to move into another quarter, yet another quarter, yet another quarter, until the basis points just scratch it down, it will be new appraisals along the way. But I think from our budgeting standpoint, our expectation is were going to be contributing these assets of cost and I think thats probably a good parameter of where we feel the market is today.
Walt Rakowich: And operator were going to take one final question and then Ill wrap up.
Operator: Our final question will come from Michael Mueller with JP Morgan.
Michael Mueller: Great, hi. I guess following-up on Teds comments there, if we should assume your contributed costs, where does the $80 million of recurring gains come from the development that Bill, you said was in the numbers, that was one question. The original question was if we look at the 09 and 10 JV debt schedule that matures, can you give us an idea of the average maturing rates as a whole for each year and where you see the new rates?
Ted Antenucci: Right, we hit the $80 million first, the $80 million we have this year.
Walt Rakowich: Right. Well, I mean Teds probably Euro focused right now, but we do have margins within various asset pools that will be contributed and focused on Japan and even in Mexico and potentially in Europe itself, but additionally, there are going to be new funds and new joint venture interest created that will take some of those contributions in the future, but we also believe as I talked before and its interesting. This world, things are on a downturn right now, but the fact is its not an oversupplied situation and we have an incredible amount of activity for discussions and requests, for building activity and so were going to generate FFO caliber development or development management activity and Walt can address that later. In terms of the debt maturing in 09 and 10, I dont have the sort of the rates. I have them here, I just havent anticipated the first part of that question, but anyway the rates are all over the board in terms of whats rolling versus whats coming on. Some of them were in the really high sevens and low eights today. The bottoms that mature later this year, other than tangibly or very attractive rates off them, you know floating rates bonds off the LIBOR on the balance sheet and so overall its at a whole variety of rates and I dont have the specifics. I couldnt quote to you sort of the weighted average on that, I apologize. In terms of the refinancing rates, right now in terms of the long term debt that were looking at in the US, sort of the conversations are looking heavy. Sort of high sixs to mid seven is what we are seeing and call it a range of 675 to 775 depending on maturity. In Europe the spreads weve been quoting and they are sort of market flex built into those, but I think you can probably swap on some of the European activity that weve got going in the low to mid sixes and call it a range of 675 and in Japan its probably 2 to 250. So overall, the spreads on that are wide and as Ive said for a long time, you cant get hung up from any statistical stand point on spreads, youve got to look at coupon and so thats where we are focused. So its not completely evidenced in the grand scheme of things, not unattractive.
Ted Antenucci: And Michael, Ill just also respond. Bills right, I was Euro focused when were talking about the fund contributions. The fund contributions I was outlining were specific to Europe and I think if you step back and take a look at the size of our company and the assets that we have, even in a down market theres going to be ways for us to make money and a few of those are; they are in the bunch of this year and there are some land sales that are already priced, that are solid sales or for you to make money; theres some few developments. There are potential for some pre sales of buildings, there are user sales of assets. Weve actually got a lot of different ways to generate gains as long as the range in which Bill is talking about, I do think is a reoccurring opportunity for us and were active throughout the world in a lot of different areas and opportunities do come out.
Walt Rakowich: Alright, let me make a couple of final points. It should be obvious to you that our number one priority is de-levering, de-risking our balance sheet through a number of initiatives. We will accomplish this goal this year, but whats the price ahead? Well, Bill talked about business in the $1.35 to $1.55 range of FFO, thats a base business. Thats worth $5.5 billion of non-income producing assets. Near terms were got to lease up, we got to lease our development pipeline. If we do, that adds $0.75 to $0.90 to that base business per share. In immediate to longer term, we got to develop and monetize $2.5 billion of land, which adds an addition $0.65 to $0.75 per share. Weve got tremendous upside embedded already in our balance sheet paid for, and we dont think that were going to need much capital to extract it. Id like to thank all of you for your support during these tough times. As we said in November, dont trust us, watch us. Thank you operator, were done with the call.
Operator: And that does conclude todays teleconference. To access the replay of todays call, you can call 1888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 and use the passcode of 4370237. Once again to be able to listen to the replay of todays conference, you can dial 1888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 and use passcode 4370237. Once again that does conclude todays teleconference. Wed like to thank everyone for their participation and wish everyone a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, my name is Shana and I'll be your conference facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the ProLogis third quarter 2008 financial results conference call. Todays call is being recorded. All lines are currently in a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) At this time, Id like to turn the conference over to Ms. Melissa Marsden, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications with ProLogis. Please go ahead, maam.
Melissa Marsden: Thank you, Shana. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2008 conference call. By now, you should have all received an e-mail with the link to our supplemental, but if not, the documents are available on our Web site at www.prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning, well hear from Jeff Schwartz, CEO, his comments on the overall environment; and then Bill Sullivan, CFO, will cover liquidity and capacity. Additionally, we are joined today by Walt Rakowich, President and COO; Ted Antenucci, Chief Investment Officer; and Diane Paddison, Executive Director of Global Operations. Before we begin prepared remarks, Id like to quickly say that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about the market and the industry in which ProLogis operates, as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K. Id also like to add that our third quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures. And in accordance with Reg G, we have provided a reconciliation to those measures. And as weve done in the past to allow a broader range of investors and analysts an opportunity to ask their questions, we will ask you to please limit your questions to one at a time. Jeff, would you please begin?
Jeff Schwartz: Yes, thank you so much, Melissa. Before we get started, Id like to mention that well be changing things up a bit on our call. Given the current climate, we thought it would be better to limit our opening remarks to Bill and myself and allow more time for your questions. So Ill start by covering our strategy for how we plan to work our way through the extraordinary global economic events that have transpired, with Bill following providing greater detail. Needless to say, these are extraordinarily difficult times, so I wont belabor the point by reciting the litany of recent issues in the financial markets. Suffice it to say that these events are having a profound effect on global economies, access to credit, private and public real estate pricing, and customer decision-making. So how is this affecting our business? Well, through the third quarter, industrial real estate fundamentals held up reasonably well, and our global leasing activity was slightly ahead of the level we achieved in the second quarter. We also continue to realize growth in rents and net operating income in our same store portfolio. However, customer demand has begun to moderate in recent weeks as around the globe, companies are pausing to assess how their businesses might be affected by this turmoil. Our global operating teams have done an excellent job of managing both lease expirations and the credit quality of our customers as overall market conditions have softened. Retention is at record high levels, and our overall occupancies continue to outperform market averages due to the strength of our customer relationships. And our turnover costs continue to be some of the lowest in the business. Additionally, over the past four years, we have repositioned a significant percentage of our ownership positions, both on balance sheet and within our investment management business, to the markets with the greatest stability and in some cases, even growth in this environment; Shanghai, Beijing, Seoul, Tokyo, Warsaw, Los Angeles, among others. While this and the stable nature of industrial business does not make us recession-proof, it does add to recession resistance. This operational focus has let to solid property performance. We are building upon this strong foundation by focusing on the income streams produced by our direct-owned properties and our investment management business, which are both stable and predictable. Its clear that in this market, our 13-year track record of progressively creating greater value through development activity is being heavily discounted or more accurately, not being recognized at all by investors. We firmly believe that while development has been an important component of our business, it is but one of the many levers from which we can drive NAV. It has enabled us to respond to customer requirements and to quickly establish market leadership positions around the world. However, it has also been a less predictable source of earnings, both on the upside as we reap the benefits of declining cap rates during recent years. And now, on the flip side of that equation, the margin compression we talked about previously exceeds anyones expectations requiring a reset in our required development yields. Given the greater degree of uncertainty in todays market, we have significantly reduced new development starts to mitigate risk, increase liquidity, and reduce leverage and now expect to start between $2.7 billion and $2.9 billion this year. We continue to reduce the risk profile of our development pipeline by focusing development on build to suits and in emerging markets where there is a chronic shortage of space and new development is being absorbed relatively quickly. We are still assessing our anticipated level of starts for 2009, and well provide direction on this as we firm up guidance for next year. But, we will take an extremely conservative approach given the current and anticipated economic conditions. Obviously, a curtailment in starts means our earnings will slow, but that is not our primary focus. We are focused on increasing liquidity, maintaining a strong balance sheet, carefully assessing opportunities to reduce nonessential business spending, and continuing our best in class investment management and property operations. Given todays financial markets, there has been a lot of concern about companys ability to access the credit markets to refinance both corporate and property level debt. And in the cases of companies with investment management platforms, there are questions about the ability to continue to contribute assets to funds in order to recycle capital and de-lever. Let me make a few points in this regard and then Bill will cover these topics in more detail. First, we have addressed all of our 2008 corporate maturities and are focused on 2009, which has a relatively low level of direct debt maturity. Similarly, we have successfully put debt in place in our property funds, again with very little remaining for this year and then working on next years maturities. We have $3.9 billion of remaining third party equity commitments to our funds, which when leveraged at target levels provides $11.1 billion of total capacity. These equity commitments are backed by subscription agreements which have no active redemption preservations. In those jurisdictions where we do not currently have funds in place, we have the option and capacity to hold completed development assets on our balance sheet, lease them and recognize the net operating income. Most importantly, it is our intent through reducing our CDFS pipeline, making contributions to our funds, and strong expense management to reduce our companys debt levels by 15% to 20% or approximately $2 billion in 2009. Very few companies have developed an investment management platform with sufficient investment capacity in place to accomplish such de-leveraging, while simultaneously enhancing the quality and stability of earnings. Before I turn it over to Bill, Id like to add that with respect to our long-term opportunities, nothing has changed. Global trade continues to grow albeit at a slower pace, but the shifts in trading patterns driven by where production takes place and where consumers need those products are not easily reversed. Emerging markets around the globe will continue to need modern distribution facilities to serve their growing populations, and more mature distribution markets like US and UK will continue to need space to replace obsolete inventory and make supply chains more efficient once the economies begin to recover. ProLogis is well-positioned in the right markets with well-located facilities and the people and customer relationships in place to weather the storm. Now, let me turn it over to Bill.
Bill Sullivan: Thanks Jeff. As Jeff stated in his remarks, given the current environment, we believe it is more prudent to focus on liquidity and preparing for the future rather than short-term earnings. As such, I do not intend to comment directly on our third quarter results, although we would be glad to answer any questions you may have therein. At the end of my remarks, I will provide some commentary on our guidance revision. In breaking from our usual routine on this conference call, I will focus the majority of my comments on the issues that we are focused on. Those are; funds-related debt maturities, on balance sheet debt, scheduled maturities and overall liquidity, our development pipeline, and funds capacity. I intend to be very detailed so bear with me. Starting with the fund-related debt maturities, there was approximately $2 billion of fund debt with 2008 maturities as of December 31, 2007. As of September 30, we had refinanced $1.8 billion of that amount and in addition, financed an additional $1.1 billion of borrowings in connection with the property fund contributions. At September 30, as newly-depicted on page 11 of the supplemental, we had an additional $386 million of debt maturing in the funds consisting of $166 million in our NA3 Fund with Lehman Brothers, $99 million in our Mexico Fund, and $121 million in our Japan Fund II. The Lehman maturity is frustrating, following their bankruptcy. However, after repeated attempts to contact appropriate people inside Lehman or their bankruptcy advisors, we finally spoke with a knowledgeable representative just yesterday, wherein he clearly indicated they are intending to sit down with us shortly to discuss an extension of the existing loan as well as hopefully agree upon a game plan for a long-term value maximization of their equity interest in this fund. In sum, good discussion much appreciated by us. The Mexico Fund loan was refinanced in its entirety on October 7 with a four-year loan and a 6% coupon. Japan Fund II has two loans maturing in December 2008, one of which is in documentation and is anticipated to close this month. The second loan has an agreed upon-term sheet, will go into documentation shortly, and is targeted to close in November. Looking at 2009, our property funds have $1.46 billion of debt maturing. We are in active discussions with US Life Company, German mortgage banks, and our Japanese relationship banks with respect to our refinancing requirements. With the exception of a bridge loan from Citibank on our NA2 Fund, our 2009 fund refinancing requirements are modestly leveraged based upon the underlying collateral value available for refinance. Let me touch on each of the funds with debt maturities in 2009. PEPR has a maturing CMBS transaction totaling $478 million in July 2009. The underlying assets provide two to one coverage on the loan and therefore should be refinanceable as the foreign credit market reopen. We are in active discussions with various German mortgage banks as we speak and have a focus on alternatives should that market not reopen widely. The ProLogis California Fund has debt maturities of approximately $316 million in 2009. The properties in this fund were contributed in 1999 and have appreciated substantially since. The loan-to-value on the assets secured by these loans is well below 40%, and we are in active but early discussions with US Life Company lenders to refinance this. North America Property Fund 11 has a June maturity of approximately $14.5 million at low leverage. We will address this in the early 2009. The NA2 Fund has maturities of approximately $560 million in 2009, comprised of a $62 million Life Company loan due in January, a $452 million city bridge, and a $46 million Life Company loan due in August. We have rate locks on a 10-year deal relative to the January Life Company maturity and will use approximately $42 million of excess proceeds from that refinancing to reduce the city bridge. The August Life Company maturity will be handled in the ordinary course of business as we get into 2009. The city bridge matures in July and we are in active discussions with the bank relative to that loan as well as their underlying equity investment. Finally, Japan Fund II has approximately $92 million in maturities beginning in August 2009. We have not experienced any significant issues in financing or refinancing our Japan assets, and well deal with these maturities accordingly. We have a variety of other financings that we are working on for the funds. This is just part of what we do on a day-to-day basis. Europe remains the toughest market for term financing today. But we are confident that the government programs put in place over the past few weeks will open the markets for our relatively low leveraged requirements. Secondly, let me address the on-balance sheet debt and liquidity. I hope everyone had a chance to see our press release yesterday regarding a new line of credit with Bank of Communications, totaling 5 billion RMB or a little over $700 million that can be used to fund future development projects in China. Turning specifically to our quarter-end balance sheet, at September 30, we had $11.1 billion in funded debt outstanding. The debt consisted of $2.98 billion outstanding under our various lines of credit, and $8.1 billion outstanding under our bonds and secured debt. Let me spend a few moments on each of these components. Relative to our lines of credit at September 30, we have total capacity within our various lines of $4.36 billion, thereby leaving borrowing capacity under these lines of $1.2 billion which together with $341 million in cash on the balance sheet, provides over $1.5 billion of liquidity available to the company. The lines of credit consist of four components. The global line, excluding the China tranche, has a total commitment of $3.59 billion with $1.1 billion of available capacity. This line matures in October 2009 but is extendable to October 2010 solely at our option, which option we intend to exercise. The China specific tranche of the global line, as of September 30, had a total commitment of 721 million RMB or $105.8 million, of which $92.7 million was outstanding. This tranche currently matures in May 2009. We have been in discussions with existing and new participant banks regarding the extension of this facility over the past few months, and currently have commitments to increase the facility by approximately $60 million and extend the maturity to three years from execution. This increase in extension is targeted to be completed in early December. The multi-currency line represents a total committed facility of $600 million, of which $552 million was drawn at September 30. This facility, like the global line, matures in October 2009 but is extendable for one year to October 2010 solely at our option, again which we expect to exercise. Finally, we have a 364-day committed sterling facility, totaling 35 million pound sterling; the equivalent of $63 million with $48 million outstanding under letters of credit, leaving $15 million of available capacity. This facility matures on November 15, 2008 and is in the process of being renewed for another 364-day period. Relative to our bonds and secured debt, at December 31, 2007, ProLogis had on-balance sheet debt, 2008 debt maturities that totaled $963 million, all of which have been successfully refinanced as a result of our May 2008 public debt offerings that totaled $1.15 billion. Looking to 2009, ProLogis has on-balance sheet debt maturities totaling $353 million, $250 million of which relates to a floating rate notation that is due on August 2009. To the extent that debt markets do not open up, we are targeting to repay the 2009 maturities out of cash flow and/or availability under the global line. Collectively, the bank and bond covenant or documents contain a variety of financial covenants, including a minimum consolidated debt books net worth test, fixed charge coverage ratio test, and unencumbered debt service with coverage ratio, overall leverage test, a restricted investment test, a secured debt test, and a restriction on distributions based on FFO. We have plenty of room on all of our covenants currently and are confident in our ability to meet these covenants in the future. I want to give special thanks to our Treasury teams around the globe. They have done an outstanding job of managing our debt maturities in this most difficult of environments. Turning to our development pipeline, in September 30, our pipelines totaled $8.2 billion, a decrease of nearly $400 million from June 30. Approximately $200 million of this reduction was the result of contributions in excess of development starts with the majority of the remainder a result of the strength in US dollar, particularly against the euro. Additionally, the pipeline shows a 530 basis point increase in overall lease percentage, increasing to 47.7% from 42.4% at June 30, a result of solid leasing effort in Q3 as well as our deliberate risk mitigation efforts focused on build to suit opportunity. This is a great start to de-risking the pipeline and we will make even more substantial progress on this front in the months ahead. Finally, ProLogis currently has six funds which we are actively investing. At September 30, these six funds had total equity commitments of $4.9 billion with third party equity commitments representing $3.9 billion of that amount. On a targeted leverage basis, the funds had total capacity at September 30 of $11.1 billion. Roughly $2 billion of net overall capacity is in our China Acquisition Fund leaving $9 billion of capacity as it relates to those funds established to acquire the properties that we developed. Let me briefly touch on the pipeline-related funds and their relative capacities at September 30. The North American Industrial Fund has remaining equity of $626 million and an estimated asset value capacity of $1.4 billion versus an existing North American pipeline of $1.5 billion. The fund investment period expires in March 2009, and weve been in discussions with investors regarding the extension of the investment period. The ProLogis Mexico Fund has $291 million of remaining equity and an estimated asset value capacity of $647 million. Currently, Mexico has a total pipeline of $344 million. The Japan Fund II has $238 million in remaining equity and $681 million in estimated asset value capacity. We estimate that Japan Fund II will fill its investment capacity by the end of Q2 2009 and our overall pipeline is $1.9 billion. In Korea, we have approximately $150 million in equity remaining in the fund with an estimated current asset value capacity of $320 million. Koreas pipeline is $54 million. This fund has ample capacity for future development and acquisition opportunity. ProLogis European Property Fund has remaining equity of $2.7 billion and a leveraged asset value capacity of $5.9 billion. Europes current pipeline is $3.3 billion providing ample room for further development and acquisition activity. As we have said on many occasions, we are constantly talking to investors about new funds and fund opportunity, and therefore expect to continue to expand our funds capacity. However, just to be clear, in speaking with our senior operating people, to the extent that we were not to have capacity with one or more of our funds relative to our pipeline properties, we would be glad to hold any of these properties on our balance sheet as long-term investments. Finally, let me touch on the change in guidance for Q4 and some commentary on 2009. While no one appears to be focused much on 2008 any longer, approximately 50% of the difference between our most recent guidance and the $3.60 to $3.70 range announced today is related to an anticipated steeper slowdown in lease up than originally expected in a resulting delay in the timing of various contributions. 10% of the decrease is associated with the tougher cap rate environment, while the remaining 40% of the decrease relates to a variety of factors including FX rates, taxes and documentation hurdles on preparing properties for contribution. This change in guidance following on the revision we announced in midSeptember is a reflection of just how difficult the environment has become. Given these market conditions, putting forth guidance for next year is a real challenge. We anticipate growth in income from our investment management business driven by expected contributions to the fund as well as fund-related acquisitions. CDFS income will be lower, reflecting both lower margin assumptions and a reduction in starts in both 2008 and 2009. Property operations are holding up reasonably well, but we are concerned about additional occupancy slippage which may lead to modestly lower level of income from this segment. Clearly, we intend to reduce our G&A in 2009. Finally, we intend to provide substantially more specific update on the key drivers of all of these elements as we approach year end, but in no case later than our fourth quarter call. In some, let me reiterate, we have our fund debt maturities well under control. We are highly focused on de-levering the company and we have over $1.5 billion of existing liquidity. Our pipeline is being de-risked in rapid fashion and our fund capacity is unique and should be much appreciated in these times. And now, Ill turn it back to Jeff.
Jeff Schwartz: Thanks, Bill. This is undoubtedly the most painful period from a capital markets perspective in any of our lifetime. However, we remain firm in our commitment to create long-term value for our public and private investors, associates, and customers. We have a well-leased portfolio of high quality properties, excellent customer and capital relationships, and the resolve to maintain and strengthen our balance sheet, to ensure that we are one of the companies that emerges from this period poised to take advantage of opportunities as they arise. Operator, well now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) And well take our first question from Steve Sakwa with Merrill Lynch.
Steve Sakwa: Good morning. Two questions. Jeff, first of all, I guess in light of the environment here, why wouldnt you just basically shut the entire development pipeline down now given that youve got $8 billion of properties and some form of stabilization period and/or lease up, which by most accounts would be at least a two-year potential delivery of supply into funds. I mean, I guess, why wouldnt you take a more dramatic reduction in development at this point?
Jeff Schwartz: Steve, Ill start that and Ill turn that over to Ted to elaborate and weve both been involved in this on a global basis, Ted particularly in North America and more involved  and myself outside of the US. But effectively thats what weve done. Beginning in September, we have done nothing but build to suit starts, and those are serving customer relationships that weve had for an extended period of time. Weve also both put in  increased our expected investment yield or decreased our expected value upon completion to be conservative and those required that our teams, not only have things 100% pre-lease, but also increased our required margins substantially above where there were previously  to ask what they were previously  quite frankly at a minimum on those. So effectively, when you see our starts in Q4, and our expectation is in the first half of next year, therell be very few development starts again only pre-leased buildings as we assess the market conditions, but your point is well taken and something that weve already put into effect.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And then secondly, can you maybe  I mean Bill did a very good job outlining kind of the capacity of the funds given that there seems to be very little debt available. You have an ability to finish products and then complete it and sell it into funds using 100% equity or do these investors effectively require the use of leverage and therefore if leverage isnt available, assets cannot be contributed?
Bill Sullivan: Steve, this is Bill. According to our funds, we have the ability in our discretion to use 100% equity to fund any of the contributions, and so effectively take that one off the table. But there is debt available and I hope then sort of talking through our fund debt activity. We have lot of things that weve closed in the last five to six weeks. Weve got a number of closings coming up in the coming weeks and weve got term sheets and commitments and other activities on other financings. And so I think the death of the refinancing market is slightly overstated at this point at low leverage. We are finding opportunities to finance the majority of these assets. Having said that, we can use all equity if we so choose and in certain instances, it may make sense to use all our equity and wait for the markets to settle down and then lever up.
Operator: And well take our next question from Michael Mueller with JP Morgan.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi. I was wondering, can you talk a little bit about if youre going through the regions and talk about where you see the market cap rates today versus the yields that you have achieved on development, and maybe tie all that together ultimately to how you look at dividend coverage these days to the extent that gains shrink materially?
Jeff Schwartz: Mike, that was a good question. One that if we look at all the markets were in and went into great detail, we could be here an hour answering that question, but something we spend a great deal of time on. But Ill start it and then just maybe  we try not to do too much of having multiple people answer the same question but this may be the rare exception where Ted and Sully jump in and add color or add on additional depth or detail to what Ill go through. If you look at the US, we think that cap rates have moved 50 to 75 basis points already for Class A product building, which is the only products we have. Those are well-located in great markets with long-term strong demand. You hate to  when things look gloomy as they do today, its easy to lose sight of the fact that these are long-term great markets, but we think the cap rates have moved 50 to 75 basis points already. Is it a potential for them moving up further? Absolutely. How far, whether its 0 to another 50 or 75 basis points? Time will tell. You look at  thats within the US and then obviously, cap rates are lower on the coast where weve repositioned a lot of our assets over the last few years in the California, the New Jerseys, et cetera. If you go to Europe, clearly the market that has had the most substantial cap rate movement or the greatest value diminution of any place we know, of any developed country I should say, has been the UK where weve seen cap rates move out in our magnitude by 30%. Things that were in the 5.5% and 5.25% range are now pushing closer to 7% to the cap rate, so theres been significant value diminution there in the UK. On the continent, quite frankly, weve seen less. Probably to date, 25 to 50 bps. Were being conservative on how we look at the world thinking that that could again move out by 25 to 75 basis points over the coming year if things continue to be stay difficult. But as Sully said, there is a reopening of the credit markets on brief market as banks have been nationalizing, and the tremendous liquidities have been pumped into the markets. So while were taking a conservative approach, were planning for the worst, hoping for the best as it relates to cap rates there and we may all be pleasantly surprised, but were not planning for it. As you move to Asia, cap rates in Japan have probably moved out 25 to 50 dips. This is the same time where the financing markets have remained relatively open or very much open, I should say, relative to the rest of the world. But the Japanese banks missed out on making the mistakes of their counterparts throughout the rest of the world because they were solving their own problems from the burst of the bubble in 1988 and emerged from all these as some of the strongest banks in the world. And theyve continued to lend to us, weve got great relationships with the major Japanese banks and thats been a great source of capital. As you move to China, youve probably seen less cap rate movement there than anywhere else in the world which is not surprising. You might have seen 25 bps. Our expectation is while you may see a little expansion there, given the growth, the current numbers, the official government numbers, and the best economic forecasters, youre looking at 9% GDP growth even in 2009 in China. Even if youd say, I think thats overstated and go contrary to the best economic forecasters out there and cut that to 6% GDP growth, youre still looking at economic performance that the rest of the world would kill for. Case in point, the numbers that JLL put out for the first six months of this year showed a 15% rental growth in Shanghai. Again, thats an exception around the world. We wish all the global markets were like that, but thats why you are seeing continued investor interest in the China market because of the growth prospects there. I hope that it kind of answers the question and weve traditionally underwritten to 15% to 20% development yields as we talked about in the past. Does this put pressure on our margins? Absolutely, but the beauty of our business is its a relatively short development cycle. Today, were resetting our expected yields on anything we would start. And to Steves comment earlier, were starting very little today but when the market improves, we have the ability to reset our expected investment yields underwrite to those standards and make investments accordingly and bring back to those margins, the 15% to 20% historical margins as the economies improve. Whether that be as  best case scenario people look at the end of 09, whether its in 10, whether its 11, were there. Were very disciplined and very resolved to stay disciplined, strengthen our balance sheet, and long-term create value for our shareholders and investors.
Operator: And well take our next question from Dave Rodgers with RBC Capital Markets.
Dave Rodgers: Good morning. Thanks, guys. I wanted to follow up on an earlier question with respect to the equity take-out, not using any debts within the fund to take out contribution. What would you estimate the impact to be to the price? Im guessing that there are certain underwriting hurdles within the funds separately. How would that impact PLDs earnings, gains, or contribution prices in 2009? And then, Bill, if you could also address how much availability are on your warehouse lines of credit in total across the funds within the fund structure themselves?
Bill Sullivan: Okay, lets see. First answer to that is theres no impact on the underwriting criteria or the valuation methodology, the contributions going to the fund. At the time of the contribution, they just  we do it with equity versus debt if that makes sense. So, on the next scenario, theres no impact or change from that perspective. In terms of the availability under the funds, I think we have (inaudible). But I think we have $300 million available under the European line of credits today on PEP II, another $300 million under PEPR, and about $100 million under North America today. And again, in particular as it relates to PEP II, we have a fund bridge financing thats committed to that will reduce the outstandings under that and free up some of that capacity as we move forward. We have financing schedule to close in Mexico next week that will free up capacity there as well.
Jeff Schwartz: Bill, you may want to hit  Mike had a question previously on dividend coverage.
Bill Sullivan: I think were comfortable with our dividend coverage, we were thinking low 40s. Previously what weve targeted is probably taking that up into the ends of the 50 to 60 range in 2009 and beyond  and to the extent. On the grand scheme of things, to the extent that our CDFS profitability were to come under some pressure, first and foremost, we view it as somewhat of a temporary phenomenon as we underwrite to the new environment in the future. And so you may see a little bit of that for a year, but thats in line with what weve talked about historically.
Jeff Schwartz: And we feel good about our dividend and our coverage.
Operator: And well take our next question from Jeff Miller with JMG Capital.
Jeff Miller: Thanks, its been asked and answered.
Jeff Schwartz: Thank you.
Operator: And well take our next question from Chris Haley with Wachovia.
Chris Haley: Good morning.
Melissa Marsden: Good morning.
Chris Haley: The stock market and bond market are implying a pretty significant value destruction over the last three to six months. And to tell you, the bond markets, some of your bonds are trading as if your credit (inaudible) is less than most of your peers, public and  I wanted to see if you could offer a little bit of opinion about where you see or what specifically you can offer regarding credit worthiness and cashbook potential either  not so much in your supplemental but in a separate presentation, you could come out and lay out 2009 and 2010 maturity, risks, stress test. I think that would be very helpful and in that context, you offered very good amounts of information about specific funds and maturities, but one of the questions just asked was how much capacity do you have in aggregate on your credit line? And if you were to assume those developments that you currently have in process in the unfunded amount, what would that do to your debt ratios, coverage ratios of that nature because most of those properties are not yet generating income above leverage cost. It would be helpful if you can offer any initial thoughts and any commentary regarding market activity.
Bill Sullivan: Lets see. Well, lets just hope its possible, Chris. But let me just give you some color, look from the fund side, okay, what weve said is a worst-case scenario, if we have to do all equity on the contributions, weve given you what we believe is sort of perfect clarity to what the equity commitments are on those funds, and a large portion of our pipeline is covered by the equity in those funds, particularly through the next 12 months or so. And so we feel pretty good about that. In terms of the color on the cash flow and the availability, I think well continually reassess and look at providing total clarity both in the supplementals and in our conference calls in terms of our liquidity position. I actually think we did a  took a giant leap forward today. So hopefully, some of what you may have wanted to know before the call, we answered on the call and well certainly discuss that in more detail at (inaudible) and then, again, in what I hope to be a cleaner version of the supplemental in Q4. And so, in terms of overall liquidity, we stress test debt covenants and liquidity in a lot of different ways, and thats why we say if you took CDFS contributions to zero and held the assets on our balance sheet, were in fine shape relative to all our debt covenants and leverage test, etc., etc. And so, that's sort of the draconian stress test and we feel real good about it. So if that provides or gives you any comfort, I hope so and well certainly get into more detail as the months progress.
Operator: And well take our next question from Jamie Feldman with UBS.
Jamie Feldman: Thank you. As we look at the current CDFS pipeline, what percentage of that is 95% or 100% leased, basically ready for contribution?
Jeff Schwartz: Hang on a second please.
Diane Paddison: Yes. I have it.
Bill Sullivan: Go ahead, Diane.
Diane Paddison: Currently, we have about $1.4 billion that is above 93% leased that are in different stages of being ready to contribute. Some of the assets are built to suit, so they are leased but it will be a while before theyre finished and then other assets are in China which currently we dont have the fund to contribute those that are in the process of putting together the fund.
Bill Sullivan: We look at the 93% plus leased as opposed to 100% as a metric, which is why we scrambled to get the 100% number which actually we could get, but it would take a couple of minutes. But we look at the 93% as the highest threshold in any of our funds to constitute a stabilized property and make contribution. It ranges from 90% to 93% depending on the fund, so thats why we look at 93%.
Operator: Well take our next question from David Fick with Stifel Nicolaus.
David Fick: Good morning. You've got today about $2.7 billion of land, of which roughly $1.1million is US or North America, $1.3 million is Europe and another $400 million in Asia. That is roughly $600 million this year in the first three quarters. I guess the question is why and what didnt you see about this market that you see today? Second, what is your forward land strategy? And third, what about write-offs given that you bought a lot of this stuff at the peak of the market, clearly you would build to a loss on some of this land today?
Bill Sullivan: David, Ill start that and Ill turn it over to Ted. Weve seen some growth in our land bank, that is, with good infrastructure into some sites that weve bought previously, that's a more substantial number than one might think. There is a tremendous amount of value creation which leads into your second or third sub point on potential impairments or loss of value. But a lot of this land, we went through the (inaudible) process. We go through infrastructure process. We had and still have significant margins from basis to  from our basis to market value and when we do that  so the way we look at our land bank, we have some really valuable parcels, particularly in the UK. Are they ready to develop today given the state of the market? No. Do we feel like we've still created value given the quality of our land and settlement, operations, and teams? Yes. And in the US, it is a similar situation. In Europe  or I should say in Asia, its close to being just in time with the exception, purchase of land and build the buildings, we have slowed that down as Steves comment was in the beginning. We slowed that down in Japan slightly, although we still feel great about our sites there. And in China, we've got a very strategic land positions there which allows us to continue to grow. Ted?
Ted Antenucci: I wanted, first, to step back to Jamie's question real quickly. Diane hit on the part of the properties that we have that are over 93% leased which are the stabilized pool. In addition to that, there is another $1.1 billion of gross proceeds that are under development, so when you total the two together, we actually have $2.6 properties  gross proceeds for properties that are either under development or completed. But, yes, they are over 93% leased. I wanted to first clarify that. And then in terms of our overall  Jeff, you really touched on the majority of the response to Davids question. But I think we feel overall very good about our land positions and the buildings that were building. We are clearly in a rising cap rate environment, that concerning I look at our contributions this quarter and see a wide variety of properties in different locations around the world, some of which have still relatively high profit margins and frankly a couple of larger contributions that have zero margins. I think were going to see that type of mix and our geographic diversity is definitely coming into plan. I mean were seeing areas where there is still strength and were seeing areas of weakness, and when you blend it all together we are still above par. I mean our CDFS margins are still strong. We anticipate finishing out the year in the 18% range. That's the range that weve always talked about, 15% to 20% and even in these tough times as we see things tailing off, there are still areas that we are doing well.
Operator: Well take our next question from Michael Bilerman with Citi.
Michael Bilerman: Good morning. I have got some (inaudible) as well. Jeff, I wanted to come back to the dividend again. You talked a little bit about how things have changed in mid-September where when you had reduced guidance, you also increased the dividend by 10% and you talked a lot about trying to maintain liquidity and having balance sheet leverage and if you just took your numbers for this year at 370, you have $2.30 of CDFS gain, so about $1.40 of FFO, $0.45 of CapEx, $0.40 of capitalized interest, another $0.10 deduction for straight-line rents, so Im just trying to get my arms around how you think about the dividend in that context and why not try to maintain as much liquidity as possible and Im not sure why your taxable net income is negative. (inaudible) you need to do, but just from a cash flow perspective, it would seem that if you start meaningfully lowering the CDFS portion which is a possibility next year, you will be overfunding the dividend by a significant extent.
Jeff Schwartz: Good question and Im glad you asked it. The way we  one, I think if you look at the CDFS gains, thats without allocating the appropriate share of overheads and we look at that, it is a much smaller percentage of our overall gains than the market has perceived it to be, and clearly its  were going to over the coming years reduce the percentage of our income that comes from transactional income or transactional type gains, and transition more to investment management model where it's annuities, both fees and returns as well as wholly-owned returns while maintaining our core of excellence within development, but doing in different ways. That being said, we feel as Bill said, very good about our overall dividend coverage everywhere we stress test. Looking forward, we feel good about it. We think its  yes. We think the right way forward in delevering and taking a stronger and stronger balance sheet throughout 2009 is by completing assets, as Ted said, there is an over $2.6 billion or at $2.6 billion of assets that are already leased and ready for contribution within our fund structures to continue leasing the remainder of the portfolio, make those contributions, significantly slow down or starts to limit those to only build to suits to again immediately contributable and provide net operating income. And by doing so, we find a way to delever the balance sheet significantly while maintaining the dividend. The other thing that we missed out in the whole analysis is as we dramatically decrease our development starts and continue to make contributions to our funds, we are lowering our interest expense very significantly. And that  once we put that into our model and do the stress testing that Sully was talking about, quite frankly we sleep better at night after we did all that. I know that I sleep a whole lot better at night and feel very comfortable.
Bill Sullivan: Right. Just  look, again from the stress testing in point, one thing to be clear is we have a pretty sizable return capital incorporated into our dividend. And so we are in no way, shape, or form, at the level of taxable income that requires us to distribute anywhere near that but were comfortable with our dividend.
Operator: And well take our next question from Lou Taylor from Deutsche Bank.
Lou Taylor: Thanks, and Im ready to stay on the team here because I have the taste for the same question as Michael and Doug has, and I dont quite understand them that, Bill. I mean, just going off on FFO number, XCDFS, color or so, that even if you were selling properties and cap rates are up so that youre building liquidity, youre maintaining the overhead because you are building and selling properties, but theres no margin. You have the G&A. I mean, build us off from the $140 million into what the dividend coverage should be because it looks  the dividend looks just very, very high relative to a core FFO number, much less an FAD number. So just could you put the numbers behind it and give us some comfort here.
Bill Sullivan: Yes, well probably go through it mainly and walk through the whole map on that and also describing some of the  focus is on the stress test side of effort but coming from a stress test standpoint and in grasping of things if we divide  were not contribute properties into the property fund it is basically a gain. We become a very sizable portfolio high quality real estate with great NOI underneath it, collecting rent and managing our business and that provides substantial cash flow much like in  and under that scenario we have a substantially higher dividend pay off ratio but more in line with traditional reviews And so, again, we all constantly look at the opportunities and the issues associated with the deal with, and take those lines into account.
Jeff Schwartz: Operator, well take two more questions.
Operator: I will take our next question from Mark Streeter with JP Morgan
Mark Streeter: Gentlemen, good afternoon, Im on the team. I have a question, a couple of questions. Number one is really for Bill and Jeff on your strategy and how youre managing the markets perception of the company. Its clearly  the credit market has lost space in the companys credit worthiness falling up on Chris Haleys comments. And Im wondering, you should have waited for the conference call here to give some more disclosure on the credit side in funding and liquidity. Yet, Ive spoken to a lot of your bondholders who are disappointed that you havent come out swinging earlier. And Im wondering if you can talk a little bit about the decision for how youre managing the perception.
Bill Sullivan: Mark, like I said, if you look at the focus of our call today, if you look at the focus of the company, if you talk to any of our people around the world  whether you talked to our people in Asia and North America and Europe, everything, our entire focuses on managing our portfolio, leasing up are pipeline, which you can see the result of that with our  our pipeline reaching a 540 basis points on one quarter alone with reduction the size of the pipeline. The drastic reduction in any development starts, and again, focus only on pre-lease with strong credit. And if you look at the focus and tone of our call today, it is all focused upon managing the company, strengthening the balance sheet, reducing leverage, increasing liquidity, and being not just a survivor out of this economic/financial crisis that is going on around the world. Not just  but be the strongest survivor and be there to take advantage of opportunities when things recover. But we are solely focus on this. Its exceptionally important, not just to the people in this room on the call today, but to every one of our associates throughout the world, and theyre all fully committed to making this very successful and very strong.
Jeff Schwartz: But let me comment as well, Mark. Just  on virtually every conference call that we had, and every investor presentation that weve done including the Merrill Lynch conference in September about the same time as our guidance revision then therein. We have focused on our liquidity and the fact that we have strong liquidity, that we have our maturities well under control that weve done a good job in re-financing our fund-related debt, et cetera. And whether people chose not to listen or not to pay attention and to take things to extreme, I think there was a perception that will focus on 2009 with the Global Line maturity, and weve said for the better part of the year that that line is extendable in 2010, were going to do that et cetera. The other side of it is, we ramped up pretty quickly and its a testament of the company in terms of its ability to ramp up for development activity, et cetera, particularly in the merging markets. On the other hand, weve been able to ramped down and the  if you look at our pipeline, we took it down by $400 million in one quarter. We had a 530 basis points for leasing side of that equation through a very deliberate and exerted efforts, and were telling everybody we have the capacity to turn this thing much quicker than people might have otherwise imagine. And so, were going to do a lever, and were pretty excited about it.
Operator: And well take our last question from Mitch Jermaine [ph] with Bank of America Securities.
Mitch Jermaine: Hey guys. Bill, whats the comprising youre getting quoted from the West companies and if you can just confirmed on the current terms of the global credit line, do they stay upon extension?
Bill Sullivan: Yes, we have to pay a one time fee which I think is 0.75 basis points for the extension.
Mitch Jermaine: Okay great.
Bill Sullivan: In terms of pricing, on the various financing today, and again, you got to keep things in strive relative to any day or point in time. For example, we talked about the facility coming due in NA2 in January. We rate lock [ph] on that about two weeks ago. Its a 6.3% coupon, 10-year interest only maturity in 58% loan-to-value. And so, its pretty good indication in the fine brief [ph] market today, the pricing that might have been a 120 basis points six months ago, is right now closer to 175 basis points in that market 
Mitch Jermaine: Which is still very good.
Bill Sullivan:  but you still  you swap that to fix and youre below six. And so, that the pricing down the secured debt  now, on the other side, in the life company market today, there are a variety of people out there and theyre saying, Hey, 7% is my floor. And so, certainly, that spread some gap out a little bit, but the base rent is coming down. And so, the overall pricing in the secured market is not unattractive in todays world.
Mitch Jermaine: Comment.
Bill Sullivan: Whats that?
Mitch Jermaine: Remember the comment on Japan also.
Bill Sullivan: Yes, Japan made all the spreads some gap out, but were still in the mid-twos, overall.
Mitch Jermaine: Overall.
Bill Sullivan: And so, theres a tremendous positive spread investment on the development activity there as well. The banking of communications line was a great example of the PBLC rate which is about as good as you can do in Chapman. And so, we feel pretty good about it.
Jeff Schwartz: Well, wed like to thank everyone. We appreciate your time. Were excited about what we need to accomplish and know what we need to accomplish, and fully committed and resolve to not  to surviving this economic storm but not just surviving it. Surviving it is the strongest survivor as we grow through this. Thank you all for your time.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. A replay of this call will be available today, October 23, at 12:00 Central until November 7 at 12:00 Central. You may ask us the replay by dialing 1-888-2031112 or 719-457-820 and entering 3691428. Again, thank you for your participation on todays call. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, my name is Tamara, and I will be your conference facilitator todays. I would like to welcome everyone to the ProLogis second quarter 2008 financial results conference call. Todays call is being recorded. All lines are currently in a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to miss Melissa Marsden, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications with ProLogis. Please go ahead, maam.
Melissa Marsden: Thank you, Tamara. Good morning, everyone, welcome to our second quarter 2008 conference call. By now you should have all received an e-mail with a link to our supplemental press release, but if not the documents are available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning, were going to first hear from Jeffrey Schwartz, CEO to comment on key accomplishments and our sustainability initiative, Walt Rakowich, President and COO, will cover overall market conditions. Diane Paddison, Executive Director of Global Operations will discuss ProLogiss operating property performance and global customer activity. Ted Antenucci, Chief Investment Officer will discuss investment activity and Bill Sullivan, CFO will cover financial performance and guidance. Before we get underway, I would like to quickly state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under Federal securities laws. These are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about the market and the industry in which ProLogis operates as well as managements beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results maybe affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors, please refer to the forward-looking statement notice in our 10-K. Id also like to add our second quarter results press release and supplemental do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures. And in accordance with Reg G, weve provided a reconciliation to those measures in the supplemental. And as weve done in the past to give a broader range of investors and analysts and opportunities to ask their questions, we ask you to please limit your questions to one at a time. Jeff, would you please begin?
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone. The Chinese have a very old saying, which literally translates to learn knowledge from thousands of books and accumulate experience by traveling thousands of miles. Were doing our call from Tokyo this evening. Bill Sullivan and I have been in Asia for three weeks already, and we and will be headquartered through early August. We were joined by the rest of our senior management team this week. While the Anglo countries of the US and UK is suffering from financial sector driven ills, the rest of the world does look a whole lot better. Fortunately, we have built our business around concept of risk management and mitigation through geographic diversification, with our global real estate platform and through financial diversification by building the leading investment management platform within a public real estate company. These differentiating factors are proving powerful in todays economic environment. During the second quarter, we achieved solid operating property performance with positive same-store NOI growth for the 16th consecutive quarter. We remain disciplined in our investment process prudently expending our plows through acquisitions and development in select key logistics markets in Asia and Europe. In fact, this year 90% of our investment is expected to be outside of the US, as we noted last call, where we can focus our capital on the highest risk adjusted returns, thus our current focus on Asia. Our stabilized occupancies were fairly consistent with first quarter levels at our mid-90s expectations. Leasing activity was brisk with continued growth in rent and occupancies in our same-store pool. While we closely monitor US market conditions, our portfolio continues to hold up relatively well. The diversity of our platform permits us to offset softness in the US and UK with strong demand and significant opportunities in Asia and Europe. In our CDFS business, we started more than $1 billion of new development in the second quarter. This investment amount is driven by continued growth in world trade as well as increased domestic consumption in emerging markets. These factors drive requirements for modern, well-located logistics infrastructure in key global markets. During the quarter, we continue to grow our investment management business and now have over $22.5 billion of assets under management in ProLogis funds up from $19 million at end of 2007. With roughly a $14 billion of remaining capacity in our investment management business and no funds open to redemptions. We are well-positioned to take advantage of current market conditions. Now, I would like to touch on a couple macroeconomic factors affecting our business including speculation about the impact of higher fuel costs on distribution networks. Customers are carefully considering how to tweak their networks under alternative oil price assumptions for postponing implementation until the longer term outlook becomes clearer. Network modeling experts agree that reconfigurations in response to higher fuel prices usually do not result in large scale revisions, however some companies will add additional facilities outside of their hub cities, and what they previously night have considered non-hub locations to reduce transportation distances to their customers given the higher cost of fuel. With sustained higher fuel costs, we believe long-haul trucks will eventually lose market share to intermodal rail and air freight will lose share to trucks and rail. The consolidation in the airline industry will also make the major gateways such as L.A., New York, London, Tokyo and Shanghai more important. Additionally, ocean shipping will likely gain share from rail because it is currently more, both more fuel efficient and carbon friendly. On balance, these newly-emerging trends should increase aggregate demand for distribution space. Another driver of the demand for space is continued growth in global trade and economic growth in the emerging market. Economists are calling for 2008 global GDP growth of 5.6% or 6.4% if you exclude the US. Turning to outlook for the remainder of this year, we continue to analyze market dynamics and economic indicators through our experienced local market and research professionals. We expect to remain solid through the emergence of Central Europe, China and the remainder of the countries and while we watch global economic growth closely. We continue to see the demand for logistics space outside the US more closely correlated with supply chain reconfiguration and high level of functional obsolescence in the emerging markets. We have seen dramatic increases in the cost of new construction, primarily driven by oil and fuel prices, as Walt will expand on. These cost increases are helping to put a lid on development starts, as we see in the US and leading to stronger rental growth, as we are seeing in other areas of the world. Our belief is that the dramatic rise in the replacement cost of industrial facilities will provide a substantial safety net for capital values as well as accelerate rental growth particularly in markets with strong absorption expectation. Switching gears, I am pleased to highlight that we continue to receive recognition awarded new business tied to our sustainable development expertise during the quarter. In Asia, we were granted one of five annual rewards from the Japan Federation of Freight Industries, receiving the Logistics Environmental Technology Development Award for our development and implementation of precast concrete and seismic isolation system, which reduces the amount of Life Cycle CO2 Emissions. In Europe we are developing a Build-to-Suit facility for Bosch-Siemens Home Appliances Zaragoza, Spain. That will incorporate sustainable design features such as roof-mounted solar panels, energy-efficient lighting and water-efficient landscaping. The site will also have direct access to rail. And in North America, we achieved LEED Commercial Interior Gold Certification for new distribution center developed for Kraft in Morris, Illinois, the largest facility of its kind in the world to achieve this certification. Importantly, our sustainability initiative is not just focused on building green. It means we have strive to sustain profitable long-term growth, while doing the right thing for the environment and the communities in which we operate. Just last week, I personally attended the opening of our ProLogis Hope School, two-and-half hours outside of Dalian, in China. It was an incredibly rewarding experience. In 2006, we pledged to build one school for every 500,000 square meters of distribution space we built in China. This was our fourth school to open. This program provides educational infrastructure to help children in need and we are proud to sponsor this effort. And finally, our global platform is proving to be a magnet for attracting extremely talented people to our team. Notably Diane Paddison, who will succeed Walt as Chief Operating Officer, when he retires at year end, has joined us this quarter. Diane brings to us a wealth of experience in managing customers, people and operations. Additionally, we continue to attract other talented individuals and further improve the quality of our teams in Europe, Asia, North America. Now let me turn the call over to Walt.
Walter C. Rakowich: Thanks, Jeff. Before I talk about market conditions, I just would like to add some color to Jeffs point on inflation. Its important to understand that in our business, in most areas of the world only 25 to 35% of our total development costs are related to labor and land. Therefore, when commodity prices rises theyre doing, it has a major impact on our overall development cost. In just the last 12 months, our all in development costs are up 7 to 20%, depending on the geographic area. The US is at the lower end of the range and China at the upper end of the range, where raw materials constitute a higher percentage of overall costs due to the lower labor rates and over the last four years, our all in development costs are up 40 to 60%. Few people will argue that rapid inflation is good, however, as Jeff mentioned, we believe this significant rise in the replacement costs of industrial facilities will bolster capital values and will lead to commensurate rental growth over time and this is exactly what we are experiencing in China, where year-over-year market rents have risen 11% and 18% in Beijing and Shanghai respectively. We now have a stabilized portfolio of 11 million square feet in China, which is 97.2% occupied, including nearly 1 million square feet of new inventory space leased during the quarter. And in South Korea our first inventory building was completed and fully leased also during the quarter. And in Japan our business continues to be driven primarily by outsourcing and replacement of obsolete stock. In the pace of leasing remained steady in Japan with our stabilized occupancy over 95% at quarter end. In Europe, our investment focus has shifted more towards the continent given softer market conditions in the UK. We continue to see tremendous opportunity in central Europe where GDP growth exceeds 6% and where our market share is about 35% of all leases in the markets in which we operate. Germany is also strong as were now developing at a pace, which is two times that of 2007 in Germany. Leasing in both Central Europe and Germany continues to be brisk. Also, with the leveling off of cap rates, rents have stabilized in Central Europe and are now rising in parts of Germany and Northern Europe. As for Southern Europe, despite a more lack luster macroeconomic environment, we had our strongest quarter of leasing in two years. On the other hand, the UK remains soft and for the time being, as in the US, were focused on leasing of existing products and are not taking speculative risk in new developments. In North America, conditions in Mexico and Canada continue to be reasonably strong. In the top 30 US markets, however, the overall vacancy rate moved up to 8.5% from 7.9% in Q1. While market rents in the US are generally flat-to-down a bit, were still seeing embedded rental growth in our portfolio due you to the fact that our in-place rents are under market. For the second quarter, rents on leases turning were up 4.8% in the US for ProLogis. Second quarter deliveries in the US of 50 million square feet were up sharply from Q1 deliveries of 30 million square feet reflecting the significant pop in starts at the end of last year. The good news is that development starts are down dramatically this year. We expect this trend to continue and as weve noted on recent calls, we remain focused on a more conservative strategy based on a high percentage of build-to-suit development in the US For the first half of the year 98% of our $220 million in starts in the US were begun on a pre-committed basis. And now let me turn it over to Diane who will cover further our operations. Diane.
Diane S. Paddison: Thanks, Walt. Its a pleasure to be a part of the ProLogis team. I look forward to getting to know you better and bringing you highlights of our operating performance in future quarters. Overall, the results of ProLogis property operations remain solid. Our stabilized portfolios leased at 94.2%, slightly down from the first quarter occupancy of 94.6%, with Asia at 95.8% Europe at 93.1% and North America at 94.4%. Leasing activities for the quarter was 34 million square feet. Same-store NOI increased 1.6% for the quarter. A positive note to mention is our retention rate of 76% for the quarter, reflecting strong customer loyalty and the tendency for our customers to stay put during uncertain economic times. Also tied to our higher retention rates are lower capital expenses for TIs and commissions, which for the quarter came in at $0.88 cents per square foot. This is especially note worthy given the increasing construction costs that Walt referred to earlier. We continue to see solid early renewal activity on leases scheduled to expire this year. An area I would like to highlight that is a perfect fit from our core strength is our ability to serve global customers. Currently 19% of our occupied square footage is leased to customers that we serve on more than one continent. For example, during the quarter, we signed five new leases with Kuehne & Nagel totaling almost 1 million square feet. Theyre located in the UK, Indianapolis, Reno and two in Tracy, California. We expanded our relationship with intermodal transport who previously only leased from us in Japan and now leases from us in Columbus. And with a lease in Tingen Volkswagen has become our newest three continent customer, as we already served VW in Central Germany, California and Florida. In addition to our focus on global customers, our global services team plans to continue to strengthen relationships with our 250 largest customers that occupy roughly 50% of our portfolio. Our retention rate amongst these customers is 83.5%, even better than the high retention rate on our overall portfolio. Our continued efforts will help contain capital costs tied to TIs and commissions, even with rising construction costs. In addition to a concentration on our customers on multiple continents and our largest 250, we will continue to drive service to all of our customers, and now let me turn the call over to Ted who will have more on our development and investment highlights.
Ted R. Antenucci: Thanks, Diane. During the quarter, we began new developments with the total expected investment of $1 billion including those in our CDFS joint-ventures. Roughly 46% of this amount was in Europe, 37% in Asia, and 17% in North America. The year-to-date mix of starts is similar with 87% of our starts outside of the US and UK. As far as starts for the remainder of the year, we continue to anticipate starts of 4.4 to 4.8 billion, as we allocate our investments to high demand areas like Asia and central Europe. Our pipeline of properties under development at the end of the quarter represented about 4.4 billion of total expected investment. Combined with completed developments and reposition acquisitions of 4.2 billion, we have a CDFS pipeline of just over $8.6 billion, that was 42.4% leased at quarter end. When looking at just the CDFS completed development and repositioned acquisition portion of the pipeline, we are 55.1% leased, consistent with the leased percentage in the first quarter, which is a healthy level and supports growth in our investment management platform. Given further softening of overall market conditions in the US and UK, we have continued to focus our development in those markets on Build-to-Suit projects. Over 65% of the quarter starts in North America were begun on a pre-committed basis. In addition, approximately 30% of Europe starts in the quarter were Build-to-Suit, driven by new business in Germany and France. We also started two pre-committed buildings in South Korea and one in Japan, bringing global, second quarter starts to 31% Build-to-Suit. Well, sometimes characterized by lower margins, Build-to-Suit projects permit us to more quickly recycle our development capital and provide attractive risk adjusted return. And on the topic of margins as you will note in supplemental, margins are still in excess of the historical levels we have been talking about for the last two to three years. Post-tax, post-deferral margins excluding the acquired property portfolio contribution and costs were 19.6% for the quarter and 23.6% year-to-date. On a pre-deferral post-tax basis, excluding the acquired property portfolio contribution margins were 24.5% for the second quarter and 30% year-to-date. To give you an idea of where our development capital is being invested, over half of our European starts were in Germany, 20% in Central Europe and remainder spread throughout Europe with the exception of the UK. During the quarter, we started our first building in Vienna, Austria, which is located along the Danube River in major pan-European trade route. Vienna is the countrys largest inner harbor, a major international airport and one of the best railway systems in Europe. It also happens to have an extremely low inventory of available for leased distribution space. In Asia, in addition to Build-to-Suit in South Korea and a multiple-story inventory building outside Tokyo, we began to Build-to-Suit Hitachi transport in Japan and new inventory buildings in Beijing and Shanghai. During the quarter, our global land balance increased by about $100 million as we acquired land to support Build-to-Suit transactions in North America and Germany and new inventory projects in China. Also during the quarter, we were pleased that ProLogis and Catellus were selected as mater developer for 550 acre mixed-use project located near the Stockton Airport. This business park will include approximately 3.9 million square feet of air cargo and distribution space, 2.5 million square feet of commercial space, and 500,000 square feet of open space and parks. A particular note, this is the first project to combine the development expertise of both ProLogis and Catellus. In summary, we continue to enjoy active, growing global development business and believe we are uniquely position to capture opportunities to prudently expand our pipeline and support future property fund contributions. And now Ill turn it over to Bill.
William E. Sullivan: Thanks Ted. FFO for the second quarter was $1.06 per share compared to $1.16 in Q2 2007, while FFO per share for the first six months of 2008 was $2.44, up from $2.41 in the first half of last year. Quarter-over-quarter comparisons will vary, at times substantially, based upon the timing, level and margins associated with CDFS contributions. In the second quarter 2008, we generated lower CDFS gains than Q2 2007 and we experienced a decrease in NOI from our direct owned assets. These decreases were partially offset by substantial increases in fund-related FFO from property operations and assets management fees due to our contributions and growth in our investment management business. Earnings per share of $0.80 for Q2 2008, compared to $1.50 in Q2 2007, reflecting more than $0.56 in gains from the non-CDFS asset contributions and dispositions that were recognized in the EPS during the second quarter of 2007, compared to just $0.02 of similar gains in Q2 2008. Looking at property operations, FFO from our direct owned portfolio was $176 million for the second quarter of 2008. Approximately $22 million lower than 2007. This is principally due to the contribution of 66 non-CDFS properties to the North American Industrial Fund at the end of second quarter 2007. Lower occupancy in our direct owned stabilized portfolio, and increased property management expenses associated with the increase in managed properties in our funds. Turning to our CDFS business, proceeds from dispositions and contributions of nearly $1.3 billion for the quarter put us at $2.7 billion for the year-to-date, still on track with our revised expectations of $5.6 billion to $5.8 billion for the full year. FFO from CDFS dispositions was $200 million in Q2 and approximately $479 million for the year-to-date, running ahead of our midpoint expectations of $835 million for the year. Second quarter post tax post deferral margins of 18% reflected roughly $80 million in proceeds from the contributions of properties from acquired property portfolios in Europe and Mexico, which were contributed at cost. Excluding the acquired property portfolio assets our post tax, post deferral margins were 19.6%. At June 30, we had approximately $206 million of assets in Europe and Mexico remaining in this pipeline of acquired property portfolios. All of which, we expect will be contributed later this year at cost, resulting in lower margins in the second half of the year, however, we still expect post tax, post deferral margins to be between 18% and 21% for the full year. Investment management fees and our share of property fund FFO together totaled $73.7 million for the quarter, an increase of 28.8% over Q2 2007 and consistent with our expectations for these fee streams ,for these income streams to grow inline with our growth in assets under management. FFO from the property funds in the second quarter included losses of approximately $3 million from our share of settlement costs on derivative contracts inside the funds. On the expense side, G&A of $59 million for the quarter and $116 million for the year-to-date is on track with our revised midpoint guidance of $230 million. While net interest expense of $84 million for the quarter and $169 million for the year-to-date is slightly in excess of our full year expectation of $325 million. The increased interest expense is predominantly associate with the timing of the contributions versus development expenditure. Looking at our capital structure, our balance sheet remains in good shape with on balance sheet funded debt at 42% of total market capitalization at the end of the quarter and at 53% of the total book assets. At June 30, we had approximately $2.2 billion of liquidity available between our cash on hand and availability under our global lines of credit, 10% higher than at year-end 2007. The debt markets, particularly in the US and Europe remained challenging given the continuation of the relatively uncertain US and UK economic environment. The credit crunch is most notably felt in the bank debt and real estate securitization markets. However, to this point, we have found substantial secured debt availability within the US life companies and the German mortgage banks. Additionally, we access the public debt market for over $1.1 billion of a combination of straight 10-year debt in convertible debt in May, essentially taking care of the on balance sheet maturities for 2008. Within our funds, so far this year, we have closed on $2.23 billion of refinancing and our funds currently have approximately $415 million of remaining 2008 debt maturities, all of which we have under active discussion and/or commitments with various financial institutions. In a large global organization such as ours, we expect to experience upsides and down sides to our expectations throughout the course of the year. In that vein, we believe there is 3% to 5% upside on our current CDFS guidance, which we anticipate will be essentially offset by a modest increase in interest expense and moderately lower FFO from property operations. With the positives and the negatives largely offsetting each other, we continue to expect to generate $4.65 to $4.85 in FFO per share for 2008 and we continue to expect between $3.15 to $3.35 in earnings per share. Relative to the quarterly expectations for the second half of the year, as many of you may recall from our recent meetings and presentations, we indicated that we expected about 47% to 50% of full year FFO to be recognized in the first half. However, due to the recognition of certainly CDFS gains which had originally been anticipated in the third quarter, as wells the reduction in anticipated losses related to our share of the cost on derivative contracts within our property funds. We now expect that about 47 to 49% of full year FFO will be recognized in the second half of the year is roughly two-thirds of that amount in the fourth quarter due to a larger volume of planned CDFS contribution. In sum, we feel very good about our Q2 results and believe we are positioned both financially and operationally to achieve our 2008 guidance. And now Ill turn it back to Jeff for a quick synopsis.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Thank you, Walt. Before we open the call to questions, leave you with three key takeaways. One, through turbulent times in US and UK, our global platform with excess of capital through our investment management business allowing us to continue operating at a high level. Two, we have grown our assets under management in the first six months of the year by 11%, while currently accessing the debt market successfully for substantially all of our 2008 requirements. This, along with the $14 billion of remaining capacity in our investment management business, gives us liquidity to take advantage of opportunities. And three, rising cost of construction has substantially increased replacement costs of our product and in our opinion, will provide a safety net for capital values as well as an impetus to rental growth. Operator, well take questions now? QUESTION AND ANSWER
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will go first to Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller: Yes, Hi. With respect to the CDFS gains or not the CDFS gains, but the pipeline, the 4.2 billion that completed and 55% leased. Can you give us a sense as to what portion of that pipeline is expected to stabilize either in the second half of 08 or beginning of 09 by hitting the 90% threshold?
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Michael, I apologize. Operator, if youre listening in, either Michael has a bad connection or we do. It was very tough for us to hear the question.
Michael Mueller: Is this any better?
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Thats much better.
Michael Mueller: Okay, sorry. Not sure what happened there, but for the $4.2 billion of completed developments thats 55% leased, can you give us a sense as to what portion of that will hit at 90% occupancy and to stabilize either in the second half of 08 or by the beginning of 09?
Walter C. Rakowich: Michael, this is Walt. I can just tell you that roughly 2.7 billion is 93% occupied
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: or greater.
Walter C. Rakowich: Or greater at this point in time.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Let me just clarify, 93% leased or greater. We have a couple of those buildings in Build-to-Suit that will be completed by the end of the year.
Michael Mueller: Right.
Operator: We will go next to Michael Bilerman with Citi.
Irwin Guzman: Good morning, Irwin Guzman on the phone with Michael. When I look at your CDFS the growth in the pipeline over the last couple of years it looks like sort of the growth in the rate of growth in completions and starts has been a bit faster than the rate of growth in leasing. And Im wondering whether you expect leasing to accelerate over the next 12 months or whether you outlook for 2009, would require the volume of leasing in CDFS accelerate?
Walter C. Rakowich: Irwin?
Irwin Guzman: Yes.
Walter C. Rakowich: This is Walt. Let me just point out one thing to you because I think if you go to page 18-A, which is probably, where youre focused, if you look at the completions, if you look at the completions part of the pipeline, actually the leasing has gone up. That number last quarter was I think 53% or 54% and now its gone up to closer to 55%. So, were developing, we have developed certainly in the last 12 months at a more rapid pace than weve been developing prior to that, but as those properties are completed, theyre actually getting leased in technically.
Irwin Guzman: A higher leased percentage.
Walter C. Rakowich: Yes, you could argue actually the higher leased percentage the completion then we were a quarter ago. We are very comfortable with those properties as we get completed in where we are.
Operator: Well take our next question from Lou Taylor with Deutsche Bank.
Lou Taylor: Thanks, good evening, guys. For Walt and Ted, Walt, given your comments about construction costs in with more economies starting to slow down, I mean what is that mean for your second half development starts and maybe if you could give a little peak in 09 given that mix of higher cost and potentially flat rents?
Ted R. Antenucci: Lou, this is Ted. As long as theres demand for the space, as costs goes up, rents will increase. Weve seen that in many markets throughout the world. China is a great recent example of that. Costs are going up significantly, but so are rents. As we look forward, were building to demand and our assumption is that if theres net new demand, well be able to develop with reasonable profit margins in the markets, where theres significant activity. In markets like the UK and the US right now, were concerned about demand and we have slowed down our development starts on a speculative basis and focused primarily on Build-to-Suits.
Walter C. Rakowich: And Lou, to add to that, however, the one thing I will say that the build-to-suits that we have done in the United States clearly our costs are higher, but were getting commence certainly higher rental rate to compensate for those higher costs, such that we believe that well have a fair development margin at the end of the day. So yes, to the extent that there is demand to Teds point were clearly getting high rates in those build-to-suit.
Operator: We will take the next question from Steve Sakwa with Merrill Lynch.
Steve Sakwa: Good afternoon or good evening. Maybe going back to an earlier question, Walt, if look you said you leased about 60 million square feet of space in the first half of the year. If I look at your rollover schedule, and you take kind of your wholly-owned as well as your JVs, you have about 60 million feet sort of the aggregately rolling each year. Can you help put it in prospective, how much just aggregate leasing activities do you need to do sort of on an annual basis to keep sort of keep occupancy relatively flat and also to meet your kind of CDF goals for this year and may be next year?
Walter C. Rakowich: Steve, I dont have the exact number, but I can tell you that 60 million for us for the first two quarters is a record number. Having said that, we also have a record size of the overall pipeline, and as well we have more leases turning than we ever have had in the past. So, I can only say that yes, I think weve got if you add up the weighted average, I think weve got 7.9% still to renew this year. So if you will, were on track and were seeing a pretty high level of renewals. The one thing were seeing a lot of is, companies that are coming to us now and just wanting to early renew, because they dont see themselves expanding. And so were actually entering into renewal discussions earlier on than I think historically we have in the past
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Particularly in the US?
Walter C. Rakowich: Particularly in the US, thats a good point, Jeff. So I dont have the exact numbers in terms of the square footage, Steve. But I will say that weve been pleasantly surprised on the renewal side of the business.
Operator: Well go next on Jamie Feldman with UBS.
Jamie Feldman: Thank you. I would like to turn a little bit here to the fund business. Just in terms of demand, some new investors, and then risk of redemptions. I think Jeff you had commented that there are no funds open to redemption. So I guess Can you clarify that comment and give more color, what you guys are seeing?
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: There are no funds. Clarification is that we have no funds open for redemptions, so weve had no redemptions. Were seeing continued demand on an investor base as we explore new opportunities throughout the world. We have a little static in the line, but were seeing no shortage of investor demand. I think were looking at today. Again, its and we said almost a year ago, theres been a true like the quality; people are looking for less leveraged fund, less opportunistic funds in as noted in the Forbes article theres a dark side to leverage. Weve been very conservative; we had to stabilized property funds with low levels of risk, but high-risk adjusted returns on a multi basis thats going to be very compelling in the investment market today. Operator?
Operator: Yes.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Any more questions.
Operator: Well take our next question from Jay Haberman with Goldman Sachs.
Jay Haberman: Hey, guys. Here with slowness as well. Can you remind us of the higher CDFS contributions this year when you upped last quarter. Can you just mention geographically where those contributions are expected to come from and just a second question as well? Can you just comment on sort of the deterioration in same-store NOI and we are concerned are you expecting that trends are getting worse than originally anticipated, I guess more quickly than expected?
Walter C. Rakowich: Let me touch on both. First of all, our contributions in large part are going to follow with the exception of China, our development activity, and so youre going to see a sizeable portion of the contributions out of Europe, Mexico and Japan for the remainder of this year and into the early part of 2009. And so as we have a high-level of development starts in the second half of 2007, and so you are going to start seeing those contributions come to fruition. So if you just sort of match up the development pipeline, that will attract pretty well with the contributions. And again, weve started about $220 million of starts in the US this year that are predominantly build-to-suit and those as we said repeatedly over the last year and a half or so. Those build-to-suits are nice, because short construction cycle. And as soon as theyre completed, theyre ready for contribution. So you will see further contributions in the US this year as well. On the property NOI, theres really a couple of factors leading to the decline. One is because of our contribution year-over-year, our contribution of the large portfolio of CDFS pipeline. Probably impacting revenues in the $6 million range on what is about a $9 million or $10 million year-over-year hit, and thats sort of a permanent takeaway from that level of property NOI. The other piece thats impacting revenues as well as expenses is slightly lower occupancy within that stabilized portfolio of direct owned properties, and so that is negatively impacting revenue again prior to the tune of $4 million and because of that lower occupancy, we paid higher expenses associated with CAM, etcetera and so thats probably another $2 million on the expense side. But other than that, as we grow we incurred the cost associated with property management activities for our funds inside that line item and so youll see that line item of expenses grow, somewhat disproportionately as our investment management activity grows. Its more than offset obviously by the investment and our fund return. The other thing thats worth noting is particularly given the high percentages of our income that comes from Europe today, if you look size of our European platform, its took $12 billion in assets. That number is not adjusted again in the Euro, so 1.6% does not have the FX effect of the Euro. We didnt want to run that number I mean suffice it to say it would be well north of 3% to include that, but the impact of currency is not due to our operational expertise. Clearly due to the change in currency rates, but were the beneficiary that clearly, but we dont show it that way because we dont think thats the true operating metric to show.
Operator: We will take our next question from Cedrik Lachance with Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance: Thank you. Can you give us a rundown of changes and cap rates in the various regions over the past 90 days and in addition can you also discuss changes in land values, perhaps a little bit of a longer-term view. Well see land values today in your major regions versus about a year ago.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Cedrik, this is Jeff. Why dont I start with the non-US markets and let Ted comment on North American markets. That way everyone isnt hearing me talk for too longer period. If you look at Europe, we just finished valuation four plus European properties for the entire portfolio in Europe. So theres athe continent is almost just completely flat from a cap rate standpoint and in this movement to have 1% here up and down. In Netherlands cap rates have actually declined or values have increased in the Netherlands, in Spain and in Poland. In other countries they have declined slightly, but on the balance it almost a wash. So, and were talking about very, very, very small movement. So, you would call it flat for me, cap rate or value standpoint of the continent. UK is a different story. Itswith the entire agency type regime there, cap rates moved very rapidly. Youve seen further diminution in the first six month of this year prior order to that 90% [ph] of the picked and dropped and hopefully it is in drop right now and we will start to work its way out of it, the pricing decreases and valuations of 15 to 20% total. That is clearly the worst market in the world from a cap rate value standpoint by a wide margin. As you move to Asia, you see no movement whatsoever upward in cap rates by any measure and in China, if anything with continued downward pressure in cap rates we call those flat for the most part. Same in Japan, relatively flat cap rate environment, few changes in land values although I will say major changes land values in China with the government cutback on the aluminum plant. Weve seen land appreciate in the last 12 months. I cant give you last 90 days, but its continued to appreciate in the last 90 days. But in the last 12 months weve seen land appreciate in Shanghai by 30 to 35% and Beijing 20 to 25%. In smaller markets is unchanged moderately [ph] by million people. Weve seen 15 to 20% type appreciation there. So, weve seen pretty rapid appreciation in land values there back in land impairment [ph] by the government. Ted?
Ted R. Antenucci: Yes, in the US its kind of a tale of two different product types. The A product type in good market held its value much better than the B product type in Billion markets. Id say that in the A product its moved about 30 to 80 basis points with less movement in higher entry markets. In terms of land values, overall land values throughout the US are flat and maybe slightly down, but thats more of a gut feel than true comps. Theres not a whole lot of land thats traded recently, so its hard to know exactly where that is, but Id say its flat or slightly down.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Operator, next question.
Operator: We will take a follow-up question from Lou Taylor with Deutsche Bank
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Lou, are you there?
Lou Taylor: Yes, Im here. You guys about $4 billion under construction in Europe right now. Can you give us a rough sense of the country breakdown of your development pipeline there?
Walter C. Rakowich: I will tell you that weve had no starts in the UK this year. So, that the new construction is heavily weighted Towards Central Europe, Northern Europe, really Germany and that is the significant weighting.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: And Lou, well get you the exact numbers. I dont believe we have those in front of us.
William E. Sullivan: Its disproportionately weighted towards central Europe and Germany.
Operator: Well take our next question from Mitch Germain with Banc of America.
Mitchell Germain: Hey, Walt, or Ted, have you guys seen a shift in any of your customer distribution needs as a result of the rising fuel costs?
Walter C. Rakowich: Go ahead, Ted you want to take that?
Ted R. Antenucci: Mitch, weve actually gone out and talked to a lot of our customers about this, and were not seeing a significant shift. A few customers have noted that they may add a distribution center in certain locations, but we dont see a major movement in terms of how people are looking at their distribution networks at this point. Weve kind of anticipated, weve talked to people talked about it, but were not seeing much.
Operator: Well go next to [Garrett Bower] with Merrill Lynch.
Chris Pike: Hi, its actually Chris here. I guess Walt, I just wanted to follow-up to Steves question earlier and your response, I believe you said that you had record leasing in the quarter and if I look back historically on page 18, and maybe Im not looking at the right data here. But if youre saying you lease call at 7 million square feet over a base of 112 in the total CDFS pipeline thats roughly 7% and then we go back in time, lets say June last year, it was 6 million or 6.7 million square feet off of a lower base call it 90 million square feet. So maybe its not even right way to look at, I guess what we are just trying to tell is the leasing velocity in the CDFS pipeline commence rate with burning that off, and given the level of growth in that pipeline, are you going to be able to sustain that leasing and keep the machine running?
Walter C. Rakowich: Chris, I wasnt exactly following the math, so my apologies. But maybe a better way of looking at it and I can spend a little time if you want offline sort of going through your numbers. But, if you look at page 19A, I think it really tells the story if you want to focus on the leasing velocity in the development pipeline, and it also exposes areas we are going to chop; it could be balanced on both sides. I mean if you look at our development completions, of course we break it down by tranche, right? So if you look at March 31 tranche, which was last quarter, right? As a company, when we ended quarter one quarter ago, we were 41% leased now were 76%. And two quarters ago, we were 58 when we ended the quarter now were 62. If you look at the composition of where we are in each of the areas of the world, Asia, in the last three quarters were at 70, 86, 86 respectively. Europe or 83, 83 respectively and thats all good stuff, because you expect five to four quarters out youll be at roughly 90%. So were pretty much on track there. Where were not on track is in North America. No surprise and if you looked at North America it would be predominantly the United States where were at 62, 34 and 41% respectively. And so we realized, we have some wood to chop in the United States which is why were really focused on build-to-suit at this point and time, and exist in leasing existing products. But I think that gives you a good idea of the leasing velocity and why we feel we are on track in the two continents.
Operator: Well take our next question from Wilkes Graham with FBR.
Wilkes Graham: Hey, guys. You guys have talked a lot recently about weak in the US and UK and how you stripped out most your development starts for this year. Are there other markets internationally of material size to you that youre seeing challenges? We know Germany and Japan and Asia are strong, but are there other markets apart from the US and UK where youre seeing challenging environments?
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Wilkes, this is Jeff. Id have expected you would see some stress in Spain given the state of the housing market there residential developers are clearly having problems, but were 100% leased in Spain. We are leasing space, were signing build-to-suits very, very rapidly actually looking for additional land there, so its been surprisingly, although were being careful in Spain. But that would have been an area that was expected to be softer, but maybe its performance by our team, maybe its customer relationships, maybe the industrial sectors there in wrap of older building, which I think it clearly has difficult to find the sights in the country thats one thats quiet frankly surprised me. Italy, we have had a little bit slowness there, but thats been consistent for a few years and we havent had much in the way of development starts in Italy. Weve put a new team in place there that has done a tremendous amount of transaction volume in the last 60 days, so we think we are turning that around. Thats a 36-month old story and back. When everything else in the world was good, Italy was a little weak for us, so we havent built much there at all, and were now gaining some momentum. So its on the uptrend, but that hasnt been that strong. Germany has been great. Central Europe has been great. All of our Asian markets have been nothing short of phenomenal. So we are pretty pleased with our business outside of US and UK.
Operator: Well go next to Dan.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Operator two more questions.
Operator: Two more? Okay, well go next to Dan Sundheim with Viking global investors.
Dan Sundheim: Hi. Can you talk about the development margins and Build-to-Suit versus speculative as you shift more of the business to Build-to-Suit? And the second question is analogue [ph]. I guess recently reported a dramatic slowdown in Asia and Europe trade volumes in June and I guess in terms of trade lands youre more exposed to the European market. Is the Europe volume or is it Transatlantic and just give us a sense of where your exposures are?
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: When you get exposure on trade volumes.
Dan Sundheim: The trade land. Like what trade lanes youre most exposed to? Is the Europe trade lane, that would be kind of the biggest area of exposure or more Transatlantic?
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Well, its very little Transatlantic if youre talking about Europe, North American trade there less so that more Asian trade, but quite frankly what weve really focused on in our China business is the growth of domestic consumption. So our business continues to grow there. If Chinas export slows slightly that is I think the domestic consumption offsets that in a five times ratio. In Europe, Europe is actually as you know, our larger trading partner with China and is seeing better trade growth the North America given the weakness in the North American economy. So, I dont know that if we have one area of exposure in that regard. We are very, very well diversified and we also focused on tremendous amount of domestic consumption as opposed to focusing purely on trade and we think thats real important that balance is serving us very, very well today. Ted, you want to comment on relative cap rate, the relative margins, Im sorry.
Ted R. Antenucci: Sure, Build-to-Suit margins are typically lower than that on inventory projects. Weve talked about this in the past and I think weve got it toward 8, 14% on Build-to-Suit, probably 16 to 20% on inventory buildings. Both of those exclude profit on land, which can bring those numbers up. So, we often times had Build-to-Suit at higher margins because of having a struggling low land basis. We dont cap interest on the majority of our land, which creates effectively some built in gains over time and those often captured, when we do Build-to-Suit.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Operator, one more question.
Operator: We take our final question from Chris Haley with Wachovia.
Christopher Haley: Good evening. Jeff and Bill, I appreciate your views on the higher share count and I know you guys alluded to this last month regarding your continuous equity offering and executive options. Give us rationale yield program in light of what you historically viewed as or as you been in a capital, an excess capital position. Why would you be have this program opened, given where the share have been over the last one to two quarters?
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Chris we heard 35% and the word you said, can you pick up or operator is there way to get that line with clear.
Operator: We just increased his volume.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Yes, much better.
Christopher Haley: Right, sorry about that. Leading back to your continuous equity offering program and the higher share count that recognizes its a relatively small percentage change in your denominator yet from a tactical perspective of the opened position of your CEO program, at these equity values both for raising new capital as well as for equity for options for insiders, to give us your view that the pluses and minuses on your decision to keep this program open and issuing equity at where current stock prices are?
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Hey, I mean hey Chris I think, first of all, it is a relative modest dip into the equity offering program and I think we could probably about 100 million in Q1, another 100 million in Q2, all at an average share price of about $60 a share and in what I think everybody on this phone would agree is probably the most uncertain capital market environment that Ive ever faced in my business career and certainly at least in the last 18 years. And so from that standpoint, showing up a balance sheet to a certain degree, in the same fashion that we sort of took the maturities for 2008 off the table at an appropriate time. I think should be applauded candidly and so I think its a good thing that we get. Well constantly reevaluate whether we dip back into that market and we always focus on keeping a relatively strong balance sheet.
Ted R. Antenucci: And Chris, we think its absolutely paramount to have exceptionally strong and exceptionally pristine balance sheet in all times, but clearly in uncertainty if the financial markets with distress and the financial sector, we thought it was very critical to do so which is again why we did more financing at the beginning of the year for the year taken all that risk off of the table. Strengthening our balance sheet slightly through that continuous equity offering program, not de minimis amount of shares, but nonetheless, we think its important to keep a strong balance sheet. And when you look at the opportunities within the market we are in today and the opportunities that we see out there for growth on the platform, customer-driven growth, we think its real very important to have the opportunity to take advantage of those to have those growth opportunities and to grow the company on a continual basis.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: I would like to thank everyone for their time today. We really appreciate it and we look forward to seeing all of you very soon.
Operator: If you would like to access a replay of todays call, you may do so by dialing 1-888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820, and entering the password 431-5556. The replay will begin today July 24th at 12 oclock Central Standard Time. That does conclude todays conference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, my name is Abe and I'll be your conference facilitator today. I'd like to welcome everyone to the ProLogis first quarter 2008 financial results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. All lines are currently on a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Melissa Marsden, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications with ProLogis. Please go ahead ma'am.
Melissa Marsden: Thank you Abe. Good morning everyone and welcome to our first quarter 2008 conference call. By now you should all have received an email with a link to our supplemental, but if not, the documents are available on our website at prologis.com under Investor Relations. This morning we'll first hear from Jeff Schwartz, CEO to comment on key accomplishments and our sustainability initiative; Walt Rakowich, President and COO will cover ProLogis's operating and company's performance and global leasing activity; Ted Antenucci, President and CIO will discuss investment activity and Bill Sullivan, CFO will cover financial performance and guidance. Before we begin the call, I'd like to quickly state that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about the market and the industry in which ProLogis operate as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and actual operating results may be affected by a variety of factors. For a list of those factors please refer to the forward-looking statements notice in our 10-K. I'd also like to add that our first quarter results press release and supplement do contain financial measures such as FFO and EBITDA that are non-GAAP measures. And as we've done... sorry, in accordance with Reg G we've provided a reconciliation to those measures. And as we've done in the past, we give a broader range of investors and analysts and opportunities to ask their questions. We will ask you to please limit your questions to one at a time. Jeff, would you please begin?
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Yes. Thank you Melissa, and good morning everyone. Our global platform continued to perform well in the first quarter despite uncertainty in the overall US economy. Driven by the expansion of our investment management platform globally, continued solid development margins and importantly, stable results in our property operations throughout the world. Before I touch on each segment, I'd like to share a quick observation. Like many of you, I read the Wall Street Journal and Financial Times Online in the morning, and frankly, the headlines are pretty frightening. But then I talk to our people in Asia and I feel a bit better. Then I talk to our team in Europe and I feel even better. Then I talk to our North American team and they hear that things are still relatively stable. So by mid-morning I feel pretty good about the business. Then I get up the next morning, read the papers and the cycle starts all over again. Despite all the negative headlines, at this point, the current US financial sector crisis is not being reflected in a significant way within the industrial market, nor in our portfolio. Our stabilized occupancies were down about a point compared with the end up last year but basically in line with our 94% plus expectations. Our positive same-store results reflected continued rate growth and year-over-year occupancy increases in the pool. We do expect however, that the US industrial market will soften later this year. Walt will have more related to our expectations for the US market shortly. And while the US and UK has some risk of softer conditions, we are fortunate to have the most globally diverse platform in the industry and are seeing continued strong demand from China, Japan, Central and Western Europe, as well as our new markets in India and the Gulf Cooperation Council or GCC region. Turning to our development or CDFS business, we started over $900 million in new development in the first quarter supported by the strength of demand in our European and Asian markets and by continued build-to-suit activity in the US. To continue to serve our customers in the most dynamic markets worldwide, we extended our global platform in the past few weeks through two important new initiatives. The first, ProLogis Middle East, is a JV with our capita that will develop in a flier up to $1 billion of warehouse space in the GCC region. We expect to begin development in the second half of 2008, starting in Saudi Arabia, the largest economy in the region. Additionally, we announced a new JV with K Raheja Corp through which we will expand our presence into India, focusing on the fastest growing locations for distribution operations in the country. Raheja is one of the India's largest real estate developers with significant experience in the retail, office, and hotel sectors. The JV already has acquired 27 acres near Pune and is in advanced stages of land acquisition, and the key markets of Mumbai, Chennai, Bangalore and Calcutta. We expect this fast growing country of 1 billion plus people to be a major initiative and growth opportunity growing forward. In these particular areas of the world, by establishing the highest quality of local partnerships, we can create important governmental and local business relationships and gain access to strategic land that would be difficult to acquire without such partners. ProLogis in turn brings key customer relationships and logistics infrastructure development expertise to our partners. Together, we believe these JVs will enable to secure an advantage in these emerging markets while helping to build the country's logistics infrastructure. During the quarter we continued to grow our investment in management business and now have over $21 billion of assets under management in ProLogis funds, up from $19 billion at the end of 2007. Also in the early April, we formed a China acquisition fund, with an affiliate of GIC who will maintain a 67% stake. This exclusive JV will acquire distribution properties from third parties in our targeted distribution markets across China. The funds total capacity including GIC's equity are 33% equity and 50% leverage will be $2 billion. We expect this new fund to enable us to further expand our position as a leading contributor to the establishment in China's logistic infrastructure and leverage our local property management organization. Additionally, in the first quarter we increased the capacity of our Japan fund too by $500 million of equity and $1 billion of total capacity. This gives us in excess of $15 billion of remaining capacity in our investment business. Institutional demand on the equity side remains strong although the debt markets remain challenging. As we noted in our last call, credit is still available but only for the best borrowers with quality asset and lower than moderate rate leveraged business models. And although spreads are higher, they are offset by lower base rates. Bill will have more on the current credit environment later, but what we believe that access to capital is again clearly a competitive advantage today. The lack of access is definitely driving down the level of new speculative starts in many US and European markets. This quality is also reflected in cap rates. For high quality, Class A properties, cap rates remain relatively stable while there has been a more significant increase in cap rates for lower quality assets. Turning to our outlook for the remainder of this year, we continually analyze market dynamics and economic indicators through our experienced local market and research professionals. The most recent forecast show global GDP growing at about 4.9% in 2008, from an estimated 5.2% in 2007 on a purchase price parity basis which is a better metric to measure movement of goods in emerging markets. We expect it will remain solid due to the emergence of China and India. And while we watch the global economic growth closely, we continue to see the demand for logistic space outside the U.S. is more closely correlated with supply chain re configuration and a high level of functional obsolescence in emerging markets. In addition to growth and global trade for goods which is projected to be roughly 5.6% in 2008. Lastly, let me quickly cover some of our recent sustainability initiatives. Following on the heels of our commitment to develop all new U.S. buildings to elite standards, during the quarter we also announced that all our new industrial space in the UK will be built according to agreement. The UK's national standard for best practice and sustainable development and environmental performance. Additionally, we entered into an agreement to lease roof space to Southern California Edison as part of the utility's new solar power program. The initial installation at our Kaiser Distribution Park in Fontana will generate enough electricity to power more than 1,400 households per year, and be the largest roof top solar array in the U.S. SCE plans to install 50 megawatts of solar panels in each of the next five years, which is also our largest initiative in North America. With 180 distribution facilities in SCE's territories, totaling more than 41 million square feet, we expect to play future role in future SCE solar installations. This is a great way to leverage our assets and generate returns with no incremental investment, doing the right thing for both the environment and our shareholders. Now let me turn the call over to Walter.
Walter C. Rakowich: Thanks, Jeff. I'll start by covering overall operating performance, which remains solid throughout the first quarter, supported by the key growth drivers that Jeff mentioned a few minutes ago. Our first quarter leasing of 26.5 million square feet was down slightly from average levels throughout 2007, but up relative to leasing in the first quarter of last year. Same-store net operating income was up 3.3%, same store rental rate growth was up 6.6%, offset by higher expenses, the majority of which related to property taxes and CAM which were reimbursed through expense recoveries. In addition, we recognized roughly $6 million related to our share of damages from tornadoes that struck Memphis in early February. Our overall stabilized occupancies declined 93 basis points, to 94.6%, with Asia at 98.7, Europe at 92.4, and North America at 94.8%. In the U.S., as Jeff mentioned, we continue to watch for signs of material weakness by closely monitoring delinquencies, bankruptcies and subleased spaced. So far we've not really seen a major diminution in our operating metrics. Bad debt is only running at three-tenths of 1%, and we've had six bankruptcies so far this year versus 26 in all of last year. We are also seeing decent early renewal activity on leases scheduled to turn over later this year, however, our expectation given lower overall activity levels and the deferral of customer expansion plans is that the U.S. market fundamentals will soften a bit further, and occupancies will dip a bit more before they firm up. In the top 30 North American markets, the vacancy rate moved up slightly from 7.8% to 7.9%. First quarter deliveries were 26 million square feet, down sharply from Q4 last year, deliveries of 46 million square feet, but still in excess of net absorption of 21 million square feet. Now we are anticipating an even more significant cutback of new starts in the U.S. for the remainder of the year. In fact, we have seen competitors mothballing projects which they already had begun to break ground on. As we discussed last year, we made a deliberate shift toward a more conservative strategy, focused on higher percentage of build-to-suit development. In the first quarter, 96% of our $113 million of starts in North America were begun on a pre-committed basis. Now, outside the US, our markets are holding up well. We continue to see consistent demand in most areas with a decreasing supply of new competitive development given credit condition. In the UK, we are in active discussions on all of our inventory stock, but leasing decisions are slower, therefore we are proceeding more cautiously, and as in the U.S, we are focused almost exclusively in on build-to-suit activity in terms of new development for this year. In southern Europe, despite a softer macro economic picture, activity for our space is still good. During the quarter, we signed 960,000 square feet of new development leases and letters of intent for new build-to-suit development of over 1.4 million square feet. And in central Europe, in Germany, our business continues to be exceptionally strong. In Germany, while GDP growth has slowed, outsourcing the logistics has tremendous momentum and is driving a major shift from owned to lease facilities. We have also been able to create close working relationships with auto manufacturers and parts suppliers, many of whom are talking to us about growth on multiple continents. Some key transactions with global customers in Europe during the quarter included our eighth lease with Unilever, our 22nd lease with Wincanton and our 89th lease with Deutsche Post. As for Asia, in Japan, our 25 million square foot portfolio, stabilized portfolio is 99.5% leased. And the pace of leasing continues to be active. We are particularly proud of the relationship our team in Japan has established with Nippon Express. During the quarter, we signed leases with Nippon, representing 166,000 square feet, across all three continents, one in Rotterdam, one in Hiroshima and one in Washington, D.C. These new leases bring us to more than 2.3 million square feet leased to them in 11 global markets, and in South Korea we have significantly increased our activity, having recently acquired four newly built, fully leased buildings, bringing us to 96.3% leased in our 1.3 million square feet stabilized portfolio. We also signed our first two build-to-suits in South Korea, and fully leased our first inventory building with strong regional logistics providers that will almost certainly grow with us in the future. And in China, our stabilized portfolio is 96.8% leased. Earlier this week, we announced our activity in a couple of inland China markets Chongqing and Nanjing, where our first building there are now 100% leased. Overall leasing activity continues to be brisk in China for completed developments. Of course, the focus in China has been growing our development pipeline, and today we have over 10 million square feet under construction in various stages of leasing. We expect to see a tremendous amount of leasing in the second half of the year as these buildings are completed. To wrap up, we continue to be demand-driven and investing development capital in markets according to supply and demand fundamentals, and we continue to nurture critical relationships as they drive a significant amount of new CDFS leasing and support higher retention levels in tougher market conditions. Now, let me turn it over to Ted, who'll have more on our development and investment highlights. Ted?
Ted R. Antenucci: Thanks, Walt. The continued global demand that Jeff and Walt described supported starts of the 929 million in the quarter, including those in our CDFS joint ventures. Roughly 46% of this amount was in Europe, 42% in Asia and 12% in North America. Our pipeline of properties under development at the end of the quarter represents about 4.1 billion of total expected investment, combined with completed developments and repositioned acquisitions of $3.7 billion, we have a CDFS pipeline of just over $7.7 billion that was 42.8% leased at quarter end. While this total lease percentage is down slightly, from about 46.3% at year end, it will fluctuate from time-to-time due to the mix of assets in the pipeline. During the quarter, we acquired a major distribution part outside Shanghai that included several vacant buildings, and we broke ground on inventory developments in several new markets in China. This activity which will bolster our leading market position in the long-term has a dampening effect on pipeline occupancy in the near-term. CDFS completed developments and repositioned acquisitions are on average 54% leased, which is a healthy level and supports growth in our investment management platform. As far as starts for remainder of the year, we have scaled back on inventory starts in the U.S. and UK and are therefore more comfortable towards low end of our 4.4 to $4.8 billion range, which represents about $300 million to $400 million increase over last year. We expected North American starts will be down relative to last year with the reduction in US speculative starts partially offset by increased build-to-suit activity and continued growth in our Mexico and Canada businesses. European starts should be slightly higher than in 2007 given growth in Central and Northern Europe. And we expect Asian starts to be higher as we move some of the land we secured in China over the past couple of years into development and accelerate our activity in South Korea. We continue to believe that build-to-suit development is a prudent way to build our platform given current market conditions while still generating attractive risk-adjusted returns. Walt mentioned that nearly all of our North American starts during the quarter were build-to-suit. In addition, over 30% of Europe's starts were build-to-suits led by our businesses in Germany and Sweden, where pre-committed development is critical to accessing key land acquisition that can support future inventory development. Roughly, 25% of our European starts were in Southern Europe. Entering the quarter we began projects in Southern France and in Valencia, Spain. Central Europe represented about 36% of the European starts spread among Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic and Slovakia. The remaining starts were in Northern Europe. While we did not start any new development in the UK in the first quarter, we continued to see a steady flow of build-to-suit proposal activity there and expect to have more to announce in these transactions in the coming weeks. As Walt noted, the tightening of the credit markets in Europe has led to a drop off in speculative development by private developers which is providing us with opportunities. In Asia, first quarter start was $386 million. In Japan, we began two new inventory projects in Nagoya and Tokyo. While in China we started a total of 15 buildings located in Nimbo, Beijing, Kwangchow, Chengdu during the quarter. In addition, we announced two new build-to-suit transactions in South Korea, both of which will start later this year. This quarter our overall land balance increased by approximately 10% to $2.4 billion. Over half of the increase was due to the changes in exchange rates and the balance was due to a few strategic purchases in Japan that we plan on developing in the near future. To wrap up, the breadth of our development opportunities around the globe diversifies our exposure to market conditions in any single region. We are uniquely positioned throughout the world with customer relations and land positions that allow us to allocate capital to inventory developments in high growth markets and focus on pre-committed developments in less robust regions. Our prudent shift toward a greater overall percentage of pre-committed investment gives us confidence in our ability to meet our development goals and support future contributions to our property funds. And now I will turn it over to Bill.
William E. Sullivan: Thanks, Ted. FFO for the quarter was $1.38 per share, up 10.4% over the prior year principally due to growth in FFO on fees from our property funds and continued healthy development margins. Earnings per share of $0.73 were down slightly relative to last year due to a $0.12 charge in Q1 2008 related to our share of re-measurement and settlement losses on interest rate, derivative contracts entered into by ProLogis's unconsolidated property funds. Looking at property operations, net operating income from our direct owned portfolio was $178 million, slightly lower than last year, due to a higher level of rental expenses, which for Q1 2008 included the $6 million reserves set up for our share of the damages from the tornadoes that struck Memphis in February. Turning to our CDFS business, proceeds from dispositions and contributions of more than $1.4 billion for the quarter are a little ahead of our full year expectation of $4.5 billion to $4.9 billion. FFO from CDFS dispositions was $278 million in Q1 2008 with a post tax post deferral margin of 27.6% from our developed and repositioned assets and 25.4% on a blended basis reflecting roughly $83 million in proceeds from the contribution on properties from acquired property portfolios in Europe and Mexico which were contributive at cost. At March 31st, we have approximately $293 million of assets remaining in our pipeline from the Europe and Mexico acquired property portfolios, all of which we expect will be contributed later this year at cost. As we have said consistently, we believe development is a mid to high teens margin business under the long term. Due to our visibility on embedded margins within our completed or soon-to-be-completed developments and repositioned acquisition, we expect our post tax post deferral margins to be in the range of 18% to 21% for the year, which implies that margins will likely return to historical levels in the quarters ahead. In the first quarter, we recognize $12.3 million of other CDFS income, which includes development management fees, and CDFS joint venture income. This amount is in line with our full-year expectations of $45 million to $50 million. Our investment management fees and our share of fund FFO together totaled $66.8 million for the first quarter, an increase of 27.8% over last year and consistent with our expectations for these two income streams to grow in line with our growth and assets under management over the course of the year. On the expense side, G&A of $56 million for the quarter is on track with our guidance of 10% increase for the full year over 2007 levels. Net interest expense of $85 million is running slightly ahead of our full year expectation of $310 million, due principally to increased development and expenditures in Q1 from the high level of Q4 2007 development starts, and slightly later than anticipated contribution dates on the Q1 CDFS contributions. Looking at our capital structure, our balance sheet remains in good shape with on-balance sheet funded debt at 41% of total market capitalization at the end of the quarter, and at 53.8% of total book assets. At the end of the quarter we had approximately $2 billion of liquidity available between our cash on-hand and availability under our global lines of credit, roughly the same as we had at year end 2007. The debt markets, particularly in the US and Europe, remain very challenging given the continuation of the relatively uncertain US and UK economic environment. The credit crunch is most notably felt in the bank debt in real estate securitization market. However, we continue to find ample sources of secured debt capital to refinance the maturities we have in our various funds, principally from the US light companies and the German Hypo [ph] banks. Within our funds, there is approximately $2.3 billion of debt with 2008 maturities. At this point in time, we have commitments and/or rate lock agreements on $1.9 billion of bad debt that are in various stages of documentation. As of March 31st, we have approximately $813 million of balance sheet debt maturing during the remainder of 2008. Relative to our on-balance sheet debt, we have previously stated our intention of pursuing one or more unsecured bond offerings to refinance 2008 maturities. Fortunately, it looks as though pricing and liquidity in that market has improved as of late, and we will look to pursue something during Q2. As was announced earlier today in Europe, Gordon Keiser has been promoted and will be leaving his current position as Treasurer and moving to Europe to take over as CEO of PEPR. Gordon has been a tremendous asset from ProLogis from both an operating and financial perspective, and we are confident that he will add significant value to the PEPR organization. Our treasury staff has been well trained and with the addition of planned resources, it's well positioned to continue in a business as usual fashion. We are reiterating our guidance range for 2008 of $4.65 to $4.85 in FFO per share. We continue to expect between $3.15 and $3.35 in earnings per share in 2008 reflecting a substantially lower level of planned non-CDFS dispositions in 2007. Overall, we feel very good about our Q1 results and believe we are well positioned financially and operationally to achieve our 2008 guidance. And now I'll turn it back to Jeff for a quick synopsis.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Thank you, Bill. Before I open the call to questions, I would like to leave you with four key takeaways. Number one, while the US maybe slowing, we drive greater than 85% of our incremental growth from outside the US, focused on markets where conditions remain quite healthy. Thus we are well positioned just for continued growth in both FFO and NAV per share. Number two, our U.S. portfolio is in great shape to weather the current downturn, which draw credit quality customers and we are realizing the benefit of a strong build-to-suit business that we focused on and built over the last three years. Number three, with the addition of our new China fund and increased capacity in our Japan fund too we now have over $15 billion of total remaining capacity in our funds, which supports continued growth in our investment management platform. And number four, most importantly, we have an incredibly deep management team that has been cycle-tested. The combination of this team, our global platform, strong balance sheet, investment platform and powerful customer relationships positions us well in these times. Operator, we'll take questions now. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question of the morning, we'll go to Jay Haberman at Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Haberman: Hey, good morning. I'm here with Sloan as well. I guess a question for Jeff or Walt or Ted, just specifically on the impact of the credit markets and I guess on a global basis, can you talk a bit more, just expanding on decision making process, obviously leasing and then ultimately cap rates and margins, because you are really talking about weakness in the latter half of the year. And I'm just curious on two fronts. Number one is, 3% to 4% same-store NOI growth assumption of the 95% occupancy, as well as, do you consider reducing your starts even below that 4.4 billion sort of low end of the range?
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Well, Jay Jon let me start. While we have talked about not seeing a significant... I mean issue in the U.S. market, which scaled our U.S. speculative or inventory starts down dramatically by about 80% to get to that number. That number is somewhat... our total development starts are somewhat mitigated by the build-to-suits we have already signed. Obviously, build-to-suits is business that we focused on, really ever since the Catellus merger. Catellus had some strong, strong talent, and we had the ability to add the talented Catellus staff to the people we already had in ProLogis. We had the capacity to build an extremely counted build-to-suit team three years ago, and the dividends from that are really starting to pay off today, those relationships they developed and the expertise we developed in-house, it takes a while to build that kind of business, but we're reaping the benefits of that today. In the UK, we started exactly zero buildings in the first quarter, but we are seeing some significant build-to-suit activity and that is really helping to drive the business, we expect in the halter half of this year, despite the overall potential for slowdowns in the economy. But we feel good about the way we've allocated capital, we've got some fast-growing regions of world, China, Japan remains strong, Western Europe remains strong, with the exception of the UK and Central Europe is very, very strong, but that's without even layering in the additional growth markets we have in India now, and when you see the kind of market activity in the GCC, it's unbelievable what $100 plus oil does for those markets.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jamie Feldman at UBS.
Jamie Feldman: Thank you. I was hoping you could address what you are seeing in terms of appraisals on your properties and the funds in general, maybe if you could go by region?
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Jim, why don't I do outside the U.S., and then Walt or Ted will pick up the U.S, and that way we could split this up a little bit and you guys don't have to get tired of hearing me talk the entire time. But in Europe, we have seen some diminution in values clearly on the appraisal side, in the UK. There's many in the UK that think the market has overreacted and will swing back in the latter half of the year. I think that there's probably some semblance of truth to, that if you look at the strength of the covenants 15 to 20 year leases, fully recurring leases and the way that market moved by circa 10, 15% on Class A product, and more than that on lesser quality product, more than any place else in the world moved, there's a significant chance that there will be a correction in that market in the second half of the year. That being said, we are seeing cap rates relatively stable in Western Europe, really no appreciable movement whatsoever. Believe it or not, we've seen some continued compression, very, very slight in Central Europe. We've seen cap rates remain constant in China and in Japan. So overall around the world, it's been relatively stable with the exception of the UK, and I'll let somebody else pick up on the U.S. if they like.
Walter C. Rakowich: I will hit it, Jamie, this is Walt. As it relates to the US, I would say... well, first of all, you have to remember that what we are really contributing into our funds are newly minted product and so we have not seen that much diminution at all in the appraisals, maybe 5, 10 basis points, but not much, I mean as Jeff said, substantially the same. And of course it's hard to compare it exactly to the same exact asset you had last year, but I would say they are slightly off but not much. And we are really not appraising much Class B product or B or C product because that's not what we are contributing into our funds, but we do have anecdotal evidence that the Class B product is probably off as much, say, 100 basis points, maybe even a little bit more than that, or sort of, if you will, second class product. But overall, I mean for really good product in good markets, pretty much appraisals are holding up from where they were last year.
Ted R. Antenucci: And we feel real good about the fact we sold at $1 billion that Class B product in the US in '07, '06, and we deployed that capital in markets that we haven't seen cap rate moving and we have seen stock markets which has positioned us well.
Operator: Our next question, we'll go to Michael Bilerman at Citi.
Michael Bilerman: Thanks, good morning. Irwin Guzman is on phone with me as well. Ted, I was wondering if you can dive a little bit deeper. You talked about the percentage leased in the CDFS pipeline going down 400 basis points to about 42% and also reducing the starts down towards the lower end of your range, Why shouldn't we be concerned about that, A, impacting, potential margins from not being able to get them leased up in time, so they are going to sit on the balance sheet for longer, but also just not developing as much product as you would had hope to and the pipeline shrinking. Maybe just help me calm some nerves about that.
Ted R. Antenucci: Okay, Michael. Okay. I'll first start with the starts. You know, we are, I guess, trying to focus everybody on the lower end of our guidance. It's still... we are still guiding to 300 to $400 million increase over last year. We are definitely still growing, but we are trying to be prudent in a few areas of the world where we think it makes sense to be prudent and overall we're still growing our pipeline and we've got great growth opportunities in some of the new markets we just announced deals with. So we are still very bullish in our ability to grow our pipeline. We are just looking at markets that have been stable for us in the future, seeing some softness in those markets and slowing down developments, primarily inventory developments in the U.S. and UK. Those are really the two areas that are... we are anticipating a slowdown in our starts. Relative to the pipeline, we obviously take a hard look at that number. That's something that we are very focused on. The drop in that pipeline percentage leased really comes through China. I mean, we acquired a distribution part outside of Shanghai, it's a great located piece of property, it's a change in use type of opportunity, it's approximately 2.7 million square feet. That added with starting new inventory projects in several new markets in China, but that was basically all of the drop in the CDFS pipeline leasing. So we are comfortable with that, we know where that money is being deployed and we are very focused on growing our position in China. We've got a great leading market position, and we are doing everything we can to capitalize it.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: We have demand for all of that space, but if you look at just that 2.7 million square feet that accounted for 50% of the 400 bps, it's part of reallocating our capital with fastest growing parts of the world, being intelligent investors, and taking advantage of the investment management platform that we created.
Walter C. Rakowich: And, Michael, this is Walt, where are you going to see that if you look on page 18A, so you know in the supplemental, you'll notice that under Asia, properties under development, you see that you've 15.8 million square feet that's 10.7% leased. And then in addition to that, if you see Asia CDFS properties, repositioned acquisitions you will see that's 5.8 million square feet, 34% leased. That's the thing that Jeff and Ted is really referring to, we basically 10 million square feet or so in China that just literally got started and is dragging that number down and we feel terrific about the opportunity of leasing in China today.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: And I'll just add my $0.02 on the development starts, I mean, realistically if you think about remaining guidance at 3 or 400 million square feet... $300, $400 million over the last year, and a reduction in U.S. starts relative to just being prudent, you know, you could look at $500, $600 million increase over everything but U.S. Okay? And so I think there is still strong growth going on around the world and we're taking advantage of it.
Operator: Our next question will go to David Cohen at Morgan Stanley.
David Cohen: Hey, good morning. Can you guys just talk a little bit about the margins on the development for the remainder of the year if you're sticking with 18% to 20%, and you did 28% in the first quarter, so you'll be around 15% to 17%. You guys are pretty bullish on cap rates holding up. So, can you just talk a little bit about why... talk about the development margins for the remainder of the year at 15% to 17%? Why would they be that much different if cap rates are holding up?
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: We've said 15 to 17 for the last three years. We underwrite to those margins and so cap... in a stable cap rate environment, I think that you should expect those types of margins. What we've experienced in the past was a declining cap rate environment. And you know, that certainly benefited us in our margins over the past several years. On a... at some point the two things really affect debt is cap rates and rental growth. In some markets we're actually seeing rental growth, so we might do a little bit better on margins because of that. But in a stable cap rate environment, I think that 17% to 20% margin range is --
William E. Sullivan: Long-term is the right range.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Yeah. And you know, I'd just say but we still have close to $300 million of the acquired portfolio further it can go at zero. And we have a much more robust strategy on build-to-suits which typically come in at a little lower margin than the inventory. And so in this environment, you'll see a little decrease in that but we're still focused on sort of 18% to 21%, overall.
David Cohen: Okay.
Operator: And the next question goes to Mitch Germain at Bank of America.
Mitch Germain: Just interested in some of your thoughts on the Mid East markets with regards to demand drivers, infrastructure and I guess the quality in the current stock that's there?
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Outstanding, outstanding, outstanding, terrible in that order. So let me... which was... and a completely accurate answer to your question but let's go to a little bit more detail. Demand drivers obviously unbelievable amount of wealth being transferred to the Middle East, in access of $300 billion per year. You have regions like Abu Dhabi with tremendous wealth, relatively small population, a tremendous need for infrastructure. They are getting it right this time around, they are investing in their own country. There is over $250 billion worth of infrastructure projects going on in Abu Dhabi today. That's a country remember with a population of about 1.5 million people, about 400 million citizens. So tremendous, tremendous infrastructure investment. Airports, roads, ports, et cetera and almost no stock whatsoever in the way of logistics, sincerely nothing that's really high quality. Look at opportunities in Saudi Arabia, again tremendous cash flows and much larger population, so it's a bigger overall longer term opportunity for us. Countries like Qatar, people don't realize the amount of wealth in Qatar. Qatar has... will have in 2011 gas revenue equal to the oil revenue received this year by Saudi Arabia. It's just... there is tremendous amount of wealth there, there is tremendous amount of infrastructure investment and it's a tremendous place for us to serve our global customers and to built out a platform.
Operator: And we'll go next to Cedrick Lachance at Green Street Advisors.
Cedrick Lachance: Thank you. We read them all at capital from joint venture partners outside of the US in recent months. I know you don't necessarily have near-term capital needs in the US, but if you were to try to raise more capital for joint ventures for the US, what do you think would be the reception from your partners? And do you think the terms would change from previous years?
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Hi. Cedric in fairness, I think there is some concern about the US still, although we have a tremendous amount of interest from our institutional partners in some things we're looking at in the US. People see it and it looks very interesting is investors outside the US are exceptionally interested in investing in the US because not only do they see values, potential values in some markets, but more significantly they see a significant FX play. The whole country is on sale. All you have to do is go shopping in New York and just seem to see the number of non-US people filling up suitcases to take it back to London or Paris or Tokyo. And you see the same mentality quite frankly in investors that want to invest. At 160 Euro, want to buy assets in the US at today's exchange rates, they think it's a very, very good bargain. So I think there is opportunity to create some value for us by taking advantage of that.
Operator: And we'll go next to Paul Morgan at Friedman, Billings, Ramsey.
Paul Morgan: Good morning. About your comment regarding the multi-billion projects in the US, I'm curious as to whether that's... you're seeing that in certain kind of concentrated markets or regions. And then whether it's taking place because of developers pulling back from spec projects or could it be more kind of construction financing related, and if it's a latter or are you actually seeing anything that you might want to opportunistically take advantage of?
Walter C. Rakowich: Ted, do you want to start now?
Ted R. Antenucci: Walt, you go ahead, you start and I'll jump in.
Walter C. Rakowich: Well yeah let me... I'll start it off Paul, good question. Interestingly enough, we said there was 26 million square feet of deliveries; there is also 26 million square feet of starts in the quarter. Roughly 60% of those starts were in LA, Dallas and Houston. No surprise in Dallas and Houston with oil being where it is and probably no surprise in LA. And so... and there is a lot of markets in that Top 30, probably half of them that have zeros where there are no starts. And we... and so regionally, it's concentrated and our analysis say that we expect for the rest of the year that that 26 million square feet per quarter will actually go down more, okay? And it may go down substantially more because people are really cutting back on spec development. Construction financing, needless to say is not easy to get without a lot of equity today. And yes, we do think there is opportunities because the flip side of that is that we had 21 million square feet of absorption in the first quarter, that's obviously down a little bit from last year but not that much. And the wild card is, will that continue? And if it does, I think we could be seeing a very healthy market condition and I think we'll see a very good uptake in build-to-suit development because there is not a heck of a lot of spec space that's out there. And so that's basically what we see today and that's kind of what we expect to see moving forward for the rest of the year.
Ted R. Antenucci: Just to add on to that Paul. Walt mentioned 26 million square feet in starts for the first quarter. You know, fourth quarter of last year, the starts were actually quite larger, 46 million square feet. From what we're seeing, a lot of people got building started because they were concerned whether they could actually get financing going into this year and we think that basically people have done what they are going to do.
Walter C. Rakowich: A lot of their commitments were about to expire.
Ted R. Antenucci: And they took advantage of those commitments because they didn't think they could get further commitments. Certainly I'm talking to investors around the US and the people that partnered up with a lot of the private developers tech capital has dried up and it's going to be very challenging to get... whether it be equity or debt on speculative developments in the US. And as Walt said, we think that although this quarter is down dramatically from last quarter, we think that it did continue to tail up through the balance of the year.
Operator: And we'll go next to Lou Taylor at Deutsche Bank.
Louis Taylor: Thanks, good morning. Hey Walt, can you talk about your... just your operating margins for the quarter. You had a big jump in operating expenses relative to the growth in revenue this quarter. Can you just talk about that a little bit?
Walter C. Rakowich: I will, Lou and that's a good question. You will see expenses basically going up in the quarter, somewhere in the neighborhood to $20 million to $22 million which looks very big. But if you look at it, about $11 million of the expense increase was due to taxes, common area maintenance; basically taxes are still a lot higher from increased old property valuations. CAM is higher, snow removal, utilities especially really up. Gas, obviously up. But that $11 million is completely passed through on the revenue side of things, up above. And then the additional... so you got about if you will another $10 million of expenses that is non-recoverable. $6 million of that $10 million was in the tornadoes that hit in Memphis in February, which unfortunately hit about four or five of our buildings. And about $2 million of that is just in our proportionate share of non-recoverable expenses and about 60% of that $2 million is in bad debt. And so if you... and then there is another roughly $1 million which related to '07, we got a tax credit in '07 that we obviously didn't have in this year. So if you really looking at it, the big moving items, $11 million of it is recoverable and $6 million of it is basically tornadoes which is of course out of our control. And so that's really what gives you the delta.
Operator: And we'll go next to Chris Haley at Wachovia.
Christopher Haley: Good morning. Congratulations on the solar deal, first of all.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Thanks, Chris.
Christopher Haley: Looking at the foreign exchange and the interest rate swap agreements that are taken on by yours and your property funds affiliates, and see these numbers vary quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year, and as your business has become more global, assuming you are trying to mitigate and hedge some of these rate and currency items, first, how should we think about the accounting in this quarter for the re-measurement items, and then a larger perspective, how should we think about the cost of doing business and underwriting these costs into margin and returns?
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Well, let me touch on a couple of those. First of all, in the... you are going to see a large gap exposure but not an FFO exposure on some of the interest rate issues and there's a piece of that that is related to one of our funds where we put a hedge in on the treasury at a point last summer where at the time, people thought the tenure was in the low 5s and sort of the consensus opinion of all the people smarter than us said it was going to 6 and it's now at 3.7, and so we are out of the money on that hedge inside the fund, and we've taken a count of --
Ted R. Antenucci: But in the money as a company.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: In the money as a company, I don't know the money on the hedge. We've taken account of some ineffectiveness on that hedge, but unrealized as of yet, and that's what hits GAAP earnings, but not FFO. The FFO impact of that won't be known until we settle those hedges and that comes up over the next 18 months or so. And so, you know, that's just one of those that we put our best foot forward and interest rates on the treasury went the opposite way. And there's another piece of that where in essence, we have a swap agreement on floating-to-fixed inside Japan, we don't get hedge accounting treatment on it. It fluctuates over the life of that hedge, but there never will be, it always comes through unrealized FX movements, and that can be up or down depending on the various markets, but there will never be a realized loss. It all nets to zero at the end. And so that's just one of those where we just don't get the hedge accounting treatment on it. On the FX, we look at hedging on the F X from time-to-time, realistically if you want to look at the exposure on the FX, we basically go through a natural hedge on the majority of our exposure. You know, I sort of target the CDFS opportunities as sort of the unheeded piece of that, and we constantly review that as to whether we should be putting in appropriate hedges or not. Right now, we are basically unhedged on the euro and the yen, and we look at it sort of on a weekly basis, when to put it on. I wouldn't be surprised if we start throwing a few hedges on in the next couple of weeks, just to... with a potentially slightly strengthening dollar.
Operator: We'll go next to David Harris of Lehman Brothers.
David Harris: Good morning. I have a question for Ted on margins. Ted, you talk of mid-teens, mid to high teens as being your margin on inventory development. Where would you peg the number for build-to-suit?
Ted R. Antenucci: David that it is all over the map depending on whether we do or don't own the land, and where it is located within the U.S. and the world. I think that on the low-end, you could assume 10% and on the... 10 to 15%. If it's land that we've owned for quite a while, that number could certainly be higher. I think at 10 to 15% margin would be fair in most of those developments. I was looking at the first quarter numbers and it was actually on the higher end of that scale. So we were feeling real good about our build-to-suit starts in the US and the margins that we were achieving.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Mueller at JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller: Hi, I was wondering, can you talk about the stabilized portfolio, particularly the 90 basis point occupancy decline from yearend. Can you cut that up and talk about how much of that was more of a same-store operating decline versus the impact of new developments being added to the pool that weren't necessarily stabilized, and maybe also comment on the type of lease development trends?
Walter C. Rakowich: Oh, boy. That's a little bit tough, Mike, because I don't have all of that information in front of me, because it is obviously a very big pool, but I think it's needless to say, there's has been a slight slowing frankly of development... excuse me, of leasing in North America and I would say a slowing as we mentioned earlier in the UK, but our retention ratio is roughly 67% for the quarter, and that's kind of in line, we think about the business is 65 to 70%, if we do greater than that, terrific. So I think there's some and of course, there's some diminution just because there has been some bankruptcies that we've had year-to-date, so you are going to have a little bit of that. I think the way we sort of look at it moving into this year is we think that there will be some more, a bit more diminution. I mean when you really think about the business over the 20 and 30 year period of time, you are looking at roughly 92 to 93% leased, so I think it's very difficult to maintain sort of a 95 to 96% overall occupancy level. I wouldn't be surprised if it continues to slip down into the 93, 94% level in that neighborhood. It is hard to say at this point in time, but I think there's probably a little bit more down side to it. Having said that, overall there is activity in the market. There are warm bodies that continue to look, and we are renewing customers, and we feel still pretty good about the overall level of activity.
Ted R. Antenucci: I think the other part of your question, if I'm not mistaken is some of our new developments impacting that drop in occupancy, and in North America it's remained relatively consistent. I mean we have very few buildings that have been available for over 12 months, which is our typical lease up period in a point in time in which it would hit our pool. So that's actually been remarkably stable. It's something we focus on a lot and we really pretty much have underwriting on leasing and including up to this quarter. And we look forward... we are looking out in the future and keeping close track on it. But as Walt said, overall there's decent activity on everything was going on out there.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Yeah, and overall again we run the business, as Walt said we look at it, you know, 94%-type leased is... we are driving good rental growth. You look at our rental growth in Europe, you look at our extraordinary rental growth in China, good rental growth in Japan and still solid rental growth in the US overall metrics are solid.
Ted R. Antenucci: I think one other thing. This is a time in the cycle where our relationships go a long way. And our customer relationships have been fantastic, both on the build-to-suit side and in leasing our inventory building. In our global positioning... us being in just about every market now, every major market in the world has continued to strengthen all of our customer relationships and when there's a customer that's looking for space in the U.S. and one of the markets we have gotten inventory buildings, we leverage our relationships to make sure we get a very good look at every opportunity that's out there. I think that's going to help us through what might be a slightly slower year.
Operator: Jay Haberman with Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Haberman: Hey, thanks. Just one follow-up here, Bill in your comments, I know you reiterated guidance, but you talked about the higher interest expense running at roughly $85 million in the quarter and part of that, I think was that projects carried on balance sheet longer than expected and I assume that's due to leasing or just the ability or the inability to contribute into the funds, should we be concerned about that trend? And I guess what sort of impact there are you anticipated into your sort of full year assumption?
William E. Sullivan: You know, Jay, I would say realistically when we plan, we sort of try to contribute, create our contributions sort of middle of the quarter and just in Q1 we made our contributions sort of in the second half of March. And in the grand scheme of things, you know some of that was just due to particularly in sort of Mexico and central and eastern Europe. The process of getting various government approvals, to separate assets in different entities and get the titles squared away, et cetera, is just a slightly more cumbersome process. And, so we are on top of it. And, again, we're planning on sort of mid-quarter, it just so happened in the first quarter, a couple of the large contributions went into the second half of March. And so we carried those, but that's not sort of a secular trend.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Increases your rental income increases your interest expense.
William E. Sullivan: It's net to the good.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: So it's minor. Right.
William E. Sullivan: It hits different line items.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Operator we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Very good, thank you. Our next question, we'll go to David Cohen with Morgan Stanley.
David Cohen: Hey, can you guys just talk about to what degree either or your fund partners have the ability to kind of delay or negotiate the timing of the contribution of the assets to the fund to optimize either pricing or financing?
Jeffrey H. Schwartz: Everything, David, is structured and must be paid with strict guidelines on the timing in which it must be contributed. The stabilization criteria and there's no ability to lay beyond that on either party's part. We try to do everything to minimize, or eliminate any potential conflicts to create an alignment of interest between us and our partners. And quite frankly, that's why we have repeat partners or repeat investors that have invested with us since 1999, and we've become their strategic... they become strategic to us and us to them. And we are growing that base of investors, and it's a It's a true alignment with no real ability to do that on either size.
Operator: And our final question of the morning goes to Lou Taylor at Deutsche Bank.
Louis Taylor: Hi, thanks. Bill, as your development mix gets further and further outside the US and UK as you look at your debt maturities, is your currency mix of debt going to change either later this year or into next year?
William E. Sullivan: So currency mix going to change, yeah, I mean clearly within the funds, clearly. Within our pipeline, we'll be more focused on Euros because if you look at 2007 and our plans for 2008, clearly Europe is our single largest development start area with Japan following. So we'll be more yen and euro focused on the debt side in 2008 than in prior years. And that's actually a good thing in these credit environments to be borrowing in Euros and Yen and currencies that don't have the financial crisis that we see in US today. But I just want to leave with one thought and it's somewhat repetitive of point number four I went through in the summary to our original comments. But we really believe that the combination of the teams that we built around the world, the high level of expertise, the high level experience there, the global platform we put together, strong balance sheet, investment management platform with over $15 billion in remaining capacity, and the powerful relationships with customers that Ted was talking about will allow both of our operating portfolio and our overall business to outperform in the coming year. We appreciate your time. We look forward to talking to all of you again soon.
Operator: Thank you. If you would like to listen to a replay of the call, it is available beginning at noon today Central time, so 1:00 Eastern, through midnight May the 8th. So again, beginning approximately mid at noon today Central time through midnight of May the 8th at the following phone numbers; internationally it would be 719-457-0820 again, 719-457-0820, domestically within the US, 888-203-1112, again 888-203-1112. You will have to punch in the access code or confirmation code which is 9616247, again 9616247. We do appreciate your participation. At this time you may disconnect. Thank you.
